Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2069 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 2016 No. 66 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 28, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN J. D
UNCAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
NATIONAL DONATE LIFE MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April as National Donate Life Month. As the co-chair of the Congressional Organ and Tissue Donation Awareness Caucus, I believe it is important to help people understand that, while organ and tissue donation is serious, just like any other medical or surgical procedure, there are many misconcep-tions and myths surrounding the donor process, and it is important that we educate the public about them. Technology today allows us to do amazing things in the donation of or-gans and tissues, and new drugs have advanced the opportunity to ensure that these organs, these tissues, are not rejected. My hope today, as a member of the caucus, is to encourage Americans to get educated and understand the dire need for tissue and organ donations. This is an opportunity to save lives. Sadly, there are over 120,000 men, women, and children who are on wait-ing lists for lifesaving organ donations around the country. For these patients, an organ donation simply is a matter of life and death. I would like to commend the organi-zations that raise awareness and that are on the front lines about these im-portant issues every single day throughout our country. I would like to thank the National Kidney Foundation and the American Liver Foundation for their efforts to raise awareness, support patients, and support funding for advancements in this field. They are always trying to advance the opportunities for life-saving organs that will make a dif-ference in our communities throughout the Nation. f 
SUPPORTING HOLOCAUST SURVIVORS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I recently introduced House Concurrent Resolution 129 along with my south Florida colleague and friend, Congress-man T
EDDEUTCH , urging Germany to honor its commitments and moral obli-gations to Holocaust survivors by pro-viding for their unmet needs. There are an estimated half-million survivors worldwide, about a quarter of whom live here in the United States. Nearly 15,000 survivors call the great State of Florida home, and I am proud to represent so many of them in my south Florida district. But the sad reality and, really, hu-manity’s great shame is that about half of all Holocaust survivors live at or below the poverty line. Tens of thou-sands of survivors, if not more, are suf-fering without basic, life-sustaining services and care that they need in their advanced years. Many live alone or without family support and lack the funds for home care, from medicine to hearing aids, to food, to utilities, to rent. What a tragedy, Mr. Speaker, that so many Holocaust survivors are unable to maintain even a modest and dig-nified standard of living. These individuals have suffered for nearly three-quarters of a century from the physical and emotional scars that they have endured and carry with them to this very day. They have lived through the torture, the experiments, the labor camps, the loss of loved ones, and even the murder of their entire families. Because of all of this, Holocaust sur-vivors’ needs are unique. They are more extensive and more complex than the needs of other elderly individuals. The time for justice, Mr. Speaker, is now. The time for action is now be-cause there may not be a next year or even a next month for many of these Holocaust survivors. That is why the German Government must honor Chancellor Adenauer’s pledge from 1951, that Germany would take care of all of the needs of every survivor. That is why this resolution is so important, because time is of the es-sence. But it is not as though our friends in Germany have done nothing to fulfill this pledge. The German Government has over the years provided some sup-port through income assistance pro-grams and has sought ways to improve and address the needs of the survivors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.000 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2070 April 28, 2016 
Germany has even doubled its fund-ing for home care services in the past 5 years, but that, unfortunately, does not match the reality of what is re-quired. The German Ministry of Finance itself has admitted that the level of care financed by its government has been vastly insufficient to date, espe-cially for those who are in dire need of intensive, long-term care. The real issue of concern, one that is exacerbating the severe lack of funding and one where I think we can press the German Government and work with it to find a fair solution, is the incon-sistent manner in which existing fund-ing and care is being disbursed. The current system places an undue burden on the Holocaust survivors and their families, forcing them to jump through bureaucratic red tape, causing harmful delays and waste. This resolution is a simple one. It is straightforward. It is noncontroversial. I urge my colleagues to support it. Congress is in a unique position to work for and fight on behalf of Holo-caust survivors, many of whom are our constituents. We have a long history of working on behalf of Holocaust sur-vivors and seeking out their long-over-due justice. Next Wednesday, May 4, is Yom HaShoah, Holocaust Remembrance Day. As we remember and honor the victims and survivors of the Holocaust, we are all compelled to do everything in our power to help those who have lived through those unconscionable atrocities. These survivors, Mr. Speaker, have seen the worst that humanity has to offer. Let us show them now the best of humanity by ensuring that they can, indeed, live out their days in dignity. 
f 
FLOOD INSURANCE MARKET PARITY AND MODERNIZATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Mod-ernization Act. I am a proud cosponsor of this bipartisan bill, which represents a positive step towards much-needed flood insurance reform. This legislation provides clarity to States and private insurers and, in doing so, clears the way for competi-tive firms to play a much greater role in the flood insurance market. For my constituents back home, the 705,000 western Pennsylvanians who sent me to Washington to look out for their interests, this means more choices, more competitive rates, and more innovation. Passing this legisla-tion would be a win for western Penn-sylvanians eager for change. Although some tend to think of flood insurance as a concern for coastal States like Florida, Louisiana, and Texas, many Pennsylvanians are close-ly monitoring the ongoing debate about the future of flood insurance. Many of my constituents live along-side rivers and streams and in valleys with a history of flooding. My district is also home to many older cities and towns like Johnstown that are filled with properties that predate the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program. Peo-ple have lived in these places for gen-erations and have a deep sense of com-munity. Rightly, my constituents who live in these flood-prone areas worry about the future availability of affordable flood insurance options in the market-place. They want to remain in their homes, in the places where multiple generations of their families have lived and worked and built lasting connec-tions with their neighbors. My constituents need access to af-fordable flood insurance. As this debate continues over the next year, I will make sure that their concerns are ad-dressed. H.R. 2901 is a strong step in the right direction as we seek to reform Federal flood insurance policy. I hope that H.R. 2901 will receive the same broad, bipartisan support it re-ceived in the Financial Services Com-mittee when it comes up for a vote later today. I look forward to working with my colleagues at the committee and on both sides of the aisle as work con-tinues on flood insurance reform. HONORING THE LIFE OF NORMAN F . KYLE  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank Norman Kyle, an Aliquippa native who passed away at the age of 95 this past Sunday, for his brave service to our Nation. Norman served as a U.S. Army infan-tryman during World War II and, after being captured by the Nazis, was a POW for over 700 days. He was born on August 24, 1920, in Aliquippa and was retired from J&L Steel Corp., where he worked for more than 40 years. Norman was a John Wayne fan, and he collected more than 100 trains. In addition to his parents, Norman and Sadie Kyle, he was preceded in death by his wife, Ruth Kyle, two sons, Robert and Kenneth Kyle, and a grand-son, John Scheeler, Jr. Norman is survived by his 3 daugh-ters, 9 grandchildren, 16 great-grand-children, and 5 great-great-grand-children. It was men like Norman Kyle who made their generation great and who were a big part of making this country the leader of the world. His life, legacy, and service will not be forgotten. 
f 
‘‘I AM JAZZ’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, all across the country today, teachers, librarians, and parents will be reading the book ‘‘I Am Jazz,’’ a children’s book about transgender youth, co-written by Jazz Jennings, pictured here, and Jessica Herthel. Last year, legal threats from the anti-LGBTQ hate group forced a school in Wisconsin to cancel plans to read this book to support a transgender stu-dent. The local community rallied, holding a reading at the library that drew more than 600 attendees in sup-port of the student. Now this is a movement, with read-ings across the country to increase un-derstanding and to show young people that they are welcomed and loved. I am proud to join these readers today from the House floor. Now I am going to read this book, ‘‘I Am Jazz.’’ I am Jazz. For as long as I can remember, my favorite color has been pink. My second favorite color is silver, and my third favorite color is green. Here are some of my other favorite things: dancing, singing, back flips, drawing, soccer, swimming, makeup, and pretending I’m a pop star. Most of all, I love mermaids. Sometimes I even wear a mermaid tail into the pool. My best friends are Samantha and Casey. We always have fun together. We like high heels and princess gowns or cartwheels and trampolines. But I am not exactly like Samantha and Casey. I have a girl’s brain, but a boy body. This is called transgender. I was born this way. When I was very little and my mom would say, ‘‘You’re such a good boy,’’ I would say, ‘‘No, mama. Good girl.’’ 
b1015 
At first, my family was confused. They al-ways thought of me as a boy. As I got a little older, I hardly ever played with trucks or tools or superheroes, only princesses and mermaid costumes. My brothers told me that that was girl stuff. I kept right on play-ing. My sister says I was always talking to her about my girl thoughts and my girl dreams and how one day I would be a beautiful lady. She would giggle and say, ‘‘You are a funny kid.’’ Sometimes my parents let me wear my sis-ter’s dresses around the house, but whenever we went out, I had to put on my boy clothes again. That made me mad. Still, I never gave up trying to convince them. Pretending I was a boy felt like telling a lie. Then one amazing day, everything changed. Mom and dad took me to meet a new doctor who asked me lots and lots of questions. Afterwards, the doctor spoke to my parents, and I heard the word ‘‘transgender’’ for the very first time. That night at bedtime, my parents both hugged me and said, ‘‘We understand now. Be who you are. We love you no matter what.’’ That made me smile and smile and smile. Mom and dad told me I could start wearing girl clothes to school and growing my hair long. They even let me change my name to Jazz. Being Jazz felt much more like being me. Mom said that being Jazz would make me different from the other kids in school, but that being different is okay. ‘‘What is important,’’ she said, ‘‘is that I am happy with who I am.’’ Being Jazz caused some other people to be confused, too, like the teachers at school. At the beginning of school, they wanted me to use the boys’ bathroom and play in the boys’ gym class, but that didn’t make me feel nor-mal at all. I was so happy when the teachers changed their minds. I can’t imagine not playing on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Apr 28, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.002 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2071 April 28, 2016 
the same team with Casey and Samantha. Even today there are kids who tease me or call me by a boy’s name or ignore me alto-gether. This makes me feel crummy. Then I remember that the kids who get to know me usually want to be my friend. They say that I am one of the nicest girls in school. I don’t mind being different. Different is special. I think what matters most is what a person is like inside. And inside, I am happy. I am having fun. I am proud. I am Jazz. f 
PENN STATE’S CONTRIBUTION TO CYBER AND DIGITAL MANUFAC-TURING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I am very excited to be on the floor this morning to talk about digital manufacturing and how that impacts the things that we make. This is a quantum leap in manufacturing: allowing objects to be rapidly printed and, in the case of cyber manufac-turing, printed remotely. Since 2009, I have proudly rep-resented Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District, which is the largest geographically in the Commonwealth. It is also the home to Penn State Uni-versity’s main campus in State Col-lege, Pennsylvania, as well as to the Behrend campus in Erie County, and the DuBois campus in Clearfield Coun-ty. Over my time in Congress, I have had the opportunity to see firsthand how the university is leading in the field of digital manufacturing in areas that range from 3D bioprinting to cyber manufacturing—robotics and automa-tion. Portions of the Fifth Congressional District have a long history in the pow-dered metal industry. In fact, St. Mary’s in Elk County, as well as in Cameron County, an adjoining county, have been known for years as the pow-dered metal capital of the world. A few months ago, I visited Penn State to take a look at their work in the field of additive metal manufacturing, which takes place in the university’s applied research laboratory CIMP–3D lab. It was amazing to watch metal parts be created using what amounts to a 3D printer, and it is easy to see how this new technology will revolutionize ca-reers in the powdered metal industry, which has meant so much to our re-gion. In the same vein, I have been so im-pressed with the university’s efforts in hosting an additive manufacturing challenge for small businesses. The challenge will award five companies $40,000 to work with faculty and staff at Penn State CIMP–3D on projects to demonstrate this amazing technology. Mr. Speaker, beyond the dividends that these new innovations are paying for the industries which drive Amer-ica’s economy, this research is also benefiting our national defense. Penn State is currently working with the United States Naval Air Systems Com-mand to 3D-print, -qualify, and -certify a critical safety item—in other words, an important part of a Department of Defense vehicle—in titanium. This part will be flown in an aircraft next month and will be the first 3D-printed part to have gone through the entire process to become flight certified and tested in the military. Now, I commend the pioneers of this exciting new technology from univer-sities such as my alma mater, Penn State, but also universities such as Georgia Tech and Virginia Tech, along with companies such as the aircraft en-gine manufacturer, Pratt & Whitney, in helping students prepare for what are certainly the careers of the future. Mr. Speaker, as co-chairman of the Congressional Career and Technical Education Caucus, I spend a lot of time visiting schools, visiting our high schools, secondary schools, and post- secondary schools that are providing training to greater opportunity. It is exciting to go into specifically high schools and see where this digital man-ufacturing—this additive manufac-turing using the 3D printers and var-ious types of materials—is now present in our high schools. I appreciate the partnership that Penn State has had working with not just business and industry, but the col-laborative work with our high schools to begin to introduce and to grow this new innovation in manufacturing and to introduce this to young learners, many of whom, I believe, are going to go on and will find great family-sus-taining jobs through that type of ca-reer and technical education training, being exposed to the very newest form of innovation for manufacturing. Some of them will go on to work for businesses and industries. Who knows? Some of them will become entre-preneurs and return to a day of cottage industries. Some of our most amazing discoveries have happened in base-ments, garages, and spare bedrooms where entrepreneurs have developed and invented. With the use of digital manufacturing, a return to cottage in-dustries is, quite frankly, something that I think is going to happen in an overwhelming way as often entre-preneurs take that innovation and are able to do some very specific product development and manufacturing tar-geting, maybe some specific niche mar-kets. So I am very excited in how tech-nology relating to career and edu-cational training and information tech-nology, as it relates to digital manu-facturing or additive manufacturing, is going to have a very positive impact on our citizens, our families, our busi-nesses, and, quite frankly, the competi-tiveness of our Nation. 
f 
SOLUTION TO FLOODING IN HOUSTON, TEXAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, there is a common refrain that you, I, and many others are quite familiar with. It is: but for the grace of God, there go I. This refrain has significant meaning to all of us. I have used this refrain myself. I used it when it came to the East Coast and Sandy, the hurricane. I used it when it came to Flint and lead in the water. I have used it when we had the hurricane visit New Orleans—I am talking about Katrina. And I am using it as it relates to Puerto Rico. But for the grace of God, there go I. But I will tell you, it takes on an even greater meaning when you be-come the subject of the refrain. Mr. Speaker, I rise now because in Houston, Texas, over the last 2 years, we have had significant flooding. Over the last 2 years, in Houston, Texas, we had the Memorial Day flood. That flood created about $3 billion worth of dam-age. This year, we have had the tax day flood, which created about $5 billion. Combined, the two floods totaled $8 bil-lion in damages. We have had lives lost in Houston, Texas: four lives estimated for the Me-morial Day flood; eight lives for the tax day flood. Lives have been lost. But for the grace of God, there go I. And I have a greater understanding of what it means because of the way this has impacted the people in my city and in my State. Mr. Speaker, they are citizens of this country. I come to the floor today with a hue and cry, an appeal that we do something about these circumstances because this will not be the last flood that will take place in Houston, Texas. There is a possible solution to some of the problems. I don’t know that we could ever eliminate all of the flooding problems in Houston, Texas. But I do know that the Corps of Engineers has projects that are already on their dock-et, on their agenda; and if these projects are properly addressed, we can mitigate a good deal of this flooding. These projects that the Corps has would cost us about $311 million to complete. One such project is the Brays project. We authorized this in 1990, and we are projected to finish it in 2021. Mr. Speaker, it didn’t take that long to create the Erie Canal. It took us 4 years to complete the Golden Gate Bridge; the Hoover Dam was 5 years; the Erie Canal was 8 years. And it only took us about 8 years—maybe 10, by some estimates—to put a person on the Moon. Surely, we could have completed these projects sooner. This bill, H.R. 5025, will accord us $311 million to finish these projects so that we can save lives, so that we can save money; and the bill, if properly implemented with the creation of these projects and the completion of them, will also create jobs. More than 6,000 jobs are estimated to be created. So I come before my colleagues today asking that you kindly sign on to H.R. 5025. It is an opportunity for us to do something to help somebody, to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.004 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2072 April 28, 2016 
those who are in harm’s way and will continue to be in harm’s way as long as they live in Houston, Texas, one of the great American cities. But I do believe that we can do this. And while it may not be enough to eliminate all flooding, I live by the basic premise that when there are times in your life when you cannot do enough, when no matter how much you do, you will not do enough, I live by the premise that you do all that you can. We can do more. We can do some-thing to prevent a good deal of this flooding, save some lives, and create some jobs. Finally this: I would remind my col-leagues that Dr. King was imminently correct when he called to our attention that the truest measure of the person is not where you stand in times of com-fort and convenience, but where do you stand in times of challenge and con-troversy? Challenge and controversy. When you have got cities with lead in the water, when you have got bank-ruptcy confronting one of that terri-tories that is within our sphere, when you have got a city that is flooding continuously, where do you stand? This is an opportunity for us to show that we stand with the people who are in need of help. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 28 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Lead us this day in Your ways that our Nation might be guided along the roads of peace, jus-tice, and goodwill. Grant strength and wisdom to our Speaker and the Members of both the people’s House and the Senate, to our President and his cabinet, and to our Supreme Court. Bless as well the moral and military leaders of our country, and may those who are the captains of business, indus-try, and unions learn to work together toward the mutual benefit of all. During the contentious times of cam-paign season, help us all to be our best selves and worthy of the freedoms our constitutional form of government guarantees. May all that is done within the peo-ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHAIRMAN MAC THORNBERRY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, from 10 a.m. yesterday until nearly 3 a.m. this morning, the House Committee on Armed Services marked up the fiscal year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act, NDAA. Under the able leadership of Chair-man M
ACTHORNBERRY , the committee diligently executed the most important duty of Congress: to provide for the common defense. This bipartisan legis-lation strengthens our military and protects American families from new and emerging threats. Additionally, this legislation fully resources our servicemembers, prioritizes cyber initiatives, and re-forms our military healthcare system. The NDAA also stands up for South Carolina by continuing construction for the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication facility, MOX, at the Savannah River Site and prohibits the transfer of ter-rorists from Guantanamo to American soil. I am grateful to Chairman THORN -
BERRY , Ranking Member A DAM SMITH, my colleagues on the Committee on Armed Services, and dedicated staff members, especially Kevin Gates, Pete Villano, Neve Schadler, Katherine Sut-ton, and Lindsay Kavanaugh. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS MONTH (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in rec-ognition of Sexual Assault Awareness Month and in strong support of the Campus Accountability and Safety Act, bipartisan legislation that I au-thored with Congressman M
EEHAN . Sexual assault is truly a crisis on our college campuses, where a survey last year indicated that 23 percent of fe-male students are victims. In 2013, we passed the Campus SaVE Act, which I authored. It ensures cam-puses adopt clear, comprehensive pro-cedures to investigate and report accu-rate statistics on sexual assault. But this is not enough. One person becomes a victim of assault every 107 seconds in America. That is over 300,000 a year. Our bill would require a na-tional survey of students to identify key risk factors for sexual assault and evaluate best practices to reduce sex-ual violence. The bill would also pro-vide resources for victims of sexual as-sault, including confidential advisers. These are commonsense reforms that will make a world of difference by keeping our students safer on our col-lege campuses. 
f 
FARMERS AIDED BY CROP INSURANCE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, just last month, prune growers in the Sac-ramento Valley of California were pret-ty optimistic about 2016. For the first time in a while, they saw some relief from the drought, and though crop prices were down, the little prunes on the trees gave hope for a healthy har-vest with an estimated value of up to $120 million for the year. Now, just a few weeks later, these same farmers are questioning whether there will even be a harvest following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.005 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2073 April 28, 2016 
very rough weather during the critical bloom period. Yet, this is the natural reality of the risks faced by farmers and ranchers. Before blindly attacking sound agri-culture policy, such as crop insurance, I ask my colleagues here to take a close look at what it takes to feed our Nation, especially in a year like this one where farm income is down over 50 percent. These policies are not meant for the good crop years or in a good harvest. They exist for the terrible crop years. Mr. Speaker, weather is unpredict-able, as are natural disasters and fickle markets. However, we can make sure farmers have access to tools that man-age these risks in an efficient and cost- effective manner. Let’s not jeopardize this successful and vital program. 
f 
ADHERING TO OPEN SKIES AGREEMENT (Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, so-called flags of convenience have decimated the U.S. maritime industry to a tiny fraction of its former size. It is a sys-tem where owners chase the cheapest, most exploitable labor, and the least regulation around the world. Now the Department of Transpor-tation under the Obama administra-tion, in its infinite wisdom, wants to bring that system to aviation. Won’t that be great when we are all flying in planes with crews coming out of Indo-nesia or India or somewhere else where they can be exploited, paid less, and maybe have kind of questionable cre-dentials. Actually, they are issuing pilot cer-tificates in India to people who have never ever flown a plane. That will just be dandy. But, hey, the tickets will be cheap. You might not get there, but you paid less to get on. This is absolutely absurd. We have the safest and best system of aviation in the world with our proud domestic airlines. Their employees get decent wages, we fly safe, and we want to now go to flags of convenience? They are ignoring the clear language of the Open Skies Agreement in mak-ing this decision. No to the Obama ad-ministration. 
f 
DRUG TAKE-BACK DAY (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, talk to your neighbors, turn on the local news, and you hear the tragic stories of how opioid abuse is devastating families across the country and in my State of Michigan. Combating this epidemic requires us to work together to tackle it head on. No effort is too small, and each of us can do our part. One way to help is par-ticipating in National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day, which takes place this Saturday, April 30th. It is an opportunity for citizens to clean out their medicine cabinets of unwanted medications with no questions asked. Safe disposal of expired prescription drugs is an important step to pre-venting abuse. Authorized drop-off sites are located all across Michigan’s Seventh Congres-sional District, and I will be stopping by one of those sites, the Jackson Po-lice Department, on Saturday. Mr. Speaker, this is not a Republican or Democrat issue. It is a human issue, and it affects us all. f 
101ST ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solidarity with the Armenian com-munity to commemorate 101 years since the start of the Armenian geno-cide. On April 24, 1915, more than 300 Ar-menian leaders were taken from their homes, arrested, and systematically executed. They were the first killed in what would eventually become a geno-cide resulting in the deaths of 1.5 mil-lion innocent men, women, and chil-dren. Over a century later, the Armenian people have vowed to never forget these atrocities. The children and grandchildren of the genocide’s victims have worked hard to remember and honor those who suffered. For too long, this crime has gone unrecognized and unpunished. This weekend in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, 60,000 people came together out-side of the Turkish consulate to rally for long overdue acknowledgment of their ancestors’ murders. I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Armenian Caucus, and I stand by the Armenian American com-munity in Los Angeles and throughout this country in their call for recogni-tion and justice. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JIMMY HAYLEY (Mr. WEBER of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the passing of life-long Galveston County resident, Jimmy Hayley. A fixture in our community, Jimmy Hayley was the president and CEO of the Texas City-La Marque Chamber of Commerce for almost 30 years, where he helped foster economic development that brought positive growth to our community. Jimmy was the model for other chamber leaders in our region. He set the bar for how to run the organization helping businesses around the area grow and become a positive influence in our community. Not only was Jimmy an amazing family man to his wife, two sons, and seven grandchildren, he was a great mentor and a wonderful friend to so many folks. While our community has suffered a great loss in the passing of Jimmy Hayley, it is important that we cele-brate his life and all the growth and progress during his tenure that will continue in his memory. My thoughts and prayers are with Jimmy’s family and friends during this difficult time. God bless them all. f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Deer Lodge, Montana, June 7, 2015: Arie Arlynn Lee, 37 years old; Augustine Lee Bournes, 5; Woodrow Lee Bournes, 4; Arie Lee Bournes, 1. Belfair, Washington, February, 26, 2016: Donna Reed, 68 years old; Lana Carlson, 49; Tory Carlson, 18; Quinn Carlson, 16. Flour Bluff, Texas, September 14, 2014: Pamela Kay Rhodes, 63 years old; Ricky Ray Collier, 56; Laura Elaine Ogden, 32. Orange, California, February 19, 2013: Melvin Edwards, 69 years old; Jeremy Lewis, 27; Courtney Aoki, 20. Menasha, Wisconsin, March 3, 2015: Jonathan Stoffel, 33 years old; Adam Bentdahl, 31; Erin Stoffel, 31; Olivia Stoffel, 11. Akron, Ohio, April 18, 2013: Ronald Roberts, 24 years old. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. DIANA NATALICIO (Mr. HURD of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraor-dinary career of Dr. Diana Natalicio. One of our Nation’s foremost experts on higher education, Dr. Natalicio has transformed the University of Texas at El Paso into a premier institution and a national success story. For her dis-tinguished career, Dr. Natalicio was re-cently recognized by Time Magazine as one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World. In 1988, she was named president of the university and has since increased enrollment from 15,000 to 23,000 stu-dents who reflect the demographics of the Texas-Mexico border region. UTEP is the only research institution in the United States that serves a predomi-nantly Mexican American student body. UTEP’s continued success under Dr. Natalicio’s leadership serves as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Apr 28, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.007 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2074 April 28, 2016 
model to universities across the coun-try, and I am truly proud to congratu-late her for the remarkable achieve-ment to be named one of Time Maga-zine’s 100 Most Influential People in the World. 
f 
b1215 FAMILIES OF FLINT (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor the Families of Flint bill, introduced by Mr. K
ILDEE , who has been working tirelessly to help his community cope with the crisis there. It is our moral obligation to make sure that those families get the help they need. The tragedy in Flint has brought to light the danger of using lead pipes to deliver drinking water, particularly in older cities. According to the Environ-mental Protection Agency, 10 million American homes and buildings receive drinking water via pipes that contain lead, a known neurotoxin. The time to act is now, but Congress has cut infrastructure funding for this purpose. This year, Congress budgeted just $906 million for the safe drinking water fund. That is a cut of 34 percent compared to 2010, and far below the $334 billion that is needed over the next 20 years. We can do much better. I don’t know whether a national lead pipe replacement program would have prevented the crisis in Flint, but I do know that without one, the next trag-edy is inevitable. 
f 
CARVER COUNTY IS MINNESOTA’S HEALTHIEST (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to celebrate Calvert County, located in Minnesota’s Sixth Congres-sional District, for being named the healthiest county in Minnesota. This is the fourth consecutive year that Cal-vert County has received this impres-sive ranking. These rankings are com-pleted by the County Health Rankings & Roadmaps program and are based on multiple factors, including: health, so-cial, and economic factors, as well as clinical care, physical environment, and quality of life. We are incredibly proud of the peo-ple, businesses, and healthcare pro-viders in Calvert County for working to ensure that everyone in our commu-nity has the ability to lead a healthy life, for encouraging our many local leaders to implement change, and for constantly striving to influence health in a positive way. It is because of the residents’ hard work and determina-tion that Calvert County is the won-derful community that it is today—and for that, we all say thank you. VOTE FOR EMERGENCY FUNDING TO FIGHT ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, the Zika virus results in devastating human ill-ness, like small, deformed brains in in-fants and paralyzing neurodegenerative diseases. It has already infected over 900 people in the United States and its territories, and it is just a matter of time before it will rapidly spread in the United States. Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to do its job and protect the health security of the American people and vote for emer-gency funding to fight Zika now before we adjourn and before it is too late. Listen to the scientists, to the public experts, and to the CDC. All of them are echoing the same warning. Funding is imperative to prevent the spread of Zika, and it is our responsibility, our moral obligation, as Members of Con-gress, to protect the public against this potential crisis. What are we waiting for? The House should not adjourn until we have passed H.R. 5044, the emergency supple-mental on the Zika virus. f 
REJECT NEW FIDUCIARY RULE (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of hardworking Amer-icans trying to save money for their re-tirement without government intru-sion. This week, I join a majority of House Members in voting to disapprove of the Department of Labor’s new fiduciary rule that will make it harder for low- and middle-income families to save for their retirement. This extreme, partisan rule, if it is allowed to be implemented, will have a far-reaching negative impact on all Americans currently saving for their retirement. It is yet another attempted power grab by administration bureau-crats to impose more regulations that Americans do not need and are not ask-ing for. It will narrow the options for retirees and drive up costs preventing smart investment. Estimates show retirement planners would have to spend up to $4.7 billion complying with the rule in the first year alone and another $1.1 billion an-nually thereafter. We all know who will pay for these costs: the consumer, the saver, the man and woman who are simply trying to invest in their future for their families. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to reject this new fiduciary rule and help all Americans retire with the financial security and peace of mind that they deserve. SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April as Sexual Assault Awareness Month. As a father of two daughters, this issue is deeply personal for me. When I think of my daughters’ fu-ture, few things terrify me more than knowing that one in five women have experienced sexual assault on college campuses. That is why we need to pass the Campus Accountability and Safety Act. This is a commonsense, bipartisan solution to protect students and boost accountability and transparency at colleges and universities. Every day that goes by without passing this bill, more students are put at risk; and for me, that is simply unacceptable. This issue obviously isn’t just lim-ited to college campuses, so I want to take a few moments to commend some of the amazing organizations that are working to keep families safe in our community. The Zacharias Sexual Abuse Center and A Safe Place have both done in-credible work in Illinois’ 10th Congres-sional District. Not only have they worked tirelessly to provide resources and shelter for the survivors of sexual assault and domestic abuse, but they have also demonstrated a strong com-mitment to fighting the root cause of these tragedies. We must provide these incredible or-ganizations with the resources they need, so together we can prevent sexual assault and keep families safe. 
f 
RECOGNIZING YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN ATTENDING UNITED STATES SERVICE ACADEMIES (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize 11 young men and women from the Ninth Dis-trict of Georgia who have the honor of attending one of our four United States service academies next fall. The United States service academies provide an outstanding opportunity for motivated young people to receive a fine education while gaining the skills necessary to serve their country as professional officers. I take this time to congratulate each one of these individuals for their tre-mendous accomplishment. Jacob Heydinger, Jacob Shewbert, Tiffany Haddock, and Cory Campbell will be attending the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Matthew McClelland will be attend-ing the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Sawyer Madsen, Gino Saponari, and Jonathan Olson will be attending the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Apr 28, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.008 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2075 April 28, 2016 
United States Military Academy in West Point, New York. John Gallagher will be attending the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy in Kings Point, New York. Austin Pierce and Garrett Sellers will be attending the United States Naval Preparatory School on Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island. I rise today to acknowledge these outstanding young people for not only their accomplishments today for being selected, but for the impact they will have on our communities for tomor-row. I would also like to take just a mo-ment as well to thank one of our in-terns who will be leaving us next week, Kip O’kelley, for his hard work in not only preparing this 1-minute, but also for all of the hard work that he has done in our office. And we look forward to seeing him back in the District. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MICHAEL S. WILSON (Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a gentleman who has dedi-cated his life to serving our Nation, a true American leader and hero who hails from the State of Florida, Mr. Mi-chael S. Wilson. Mike is retiring from General Dy-namics Ordnance and Tactical Systems after 47 years of service to our war fighters and the defense industry. He has distinguished himself throughout his career, most notably by developing and fielding over 15 programs for our Armed Forces. One of Mike’s proudest career achievements is the performance of ordnance and tactical systems during the urgent ramp-up required for Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom. Virtually over-night, he oversaw the ramp-up of all General Dynamics production lines to provide ammunition when it was need-ed the most. Mr. Speaker, the munitions indus-trial base, commercial industry, and each branch of our Armed Forces will miss Mike Wilson’s leadership. As a na-tion, let us recognize his intrepid serv-ice and dedication to the mission of supporting our warfighters. I ask that this body join me in hon-oring and congratulating Mike on a most honorable and truly energetic and innovative career. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY OFFICER CANDIDATE SCHOOL (Mr. WITTMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight a momentous event: the 75th anniversary celebration of the United States Army Officer Candidate School. The Army Officer Candidate School program was established in 1941 when the Secretary of War, the War Depart-ment, and the Army Chief of Staff agreed that a training program was needed to quickly commission new offi-cers. Since its inception, the demand for well-trained junior officers has ex-panded and contracted as American soldiers have been involved in conflicts spanning World War II, Korea, Viet-nam, Iraq, and the war on terror. The Army Officer Candidate School continues to demonstrate unparalleled flexibility, professionalism, and an ex-ceptional ability to provide the U.S. Army with competent, well-trained, and fearless officers in the most re-sponsive time possible. The graduates are recognized as leaders in the Na-tion’s first and best line of defense in the Army and are essential to fighting and winning our Nation’s wars. Again, I would like to congratulate them on the 75th anniversary celebra-tion of the United States Army Officer Candidate School. f 
AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, April is Autism Awareness Month. Ac-cording to the CDC, 1 in 68 children in the United States have been diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder, and about 3.5 million Americans are living with some form of autism. As a member of the Congressional Coalition for Autism Research and Education, I am working with my col-leagues to ensure that children with autism have the same opportunities as anyone else to lead productive and meaningful lives in adulthood. It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of young adults with autism are unable to get a job or study in college after high school. We must continue, Mr. Speaker, to make progress toward an effective treatment and cure so that all individ-uals are able to achieve their full po-tential and leave their own beautiful mark on the world. 
f 
NATIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE-BACK DAY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Saturday, April 30, as National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. In the 30 years I served as a commu-nity pharmacist before my election to Congress, I saw prescription medica-tions save lives. However, at the same time, I watched people’s addiction to those same medications ruin careers, families, and lives. Today, 44 people in the U.S. die every day from prescription painkillers and overdoses. Overdoses are now the lead-ing cause of accidental death in the U.S., exceeding even car accidents. Prescription medications have be-come the target of theft and abuse. It is critical we are all playing our part in combating the prescription drug abuse epidemic by safely disposing of unused medications. On Saturday, across the country, the DEA will host collection sites where Americans can drop off their pills and other solid, unused prescription drugs. In the First Congressional District of Georgia, I am proud to say that 12 mili-tary and law enforcement organiza-tions will be hosting collection sites. To find a collection site near you, visit www.dea.gov, and click on the ‘‘Got Drugs?’’ icon. The service is free, with no questions asked. Together, we can end this epidemic plaguing our Nation, and I encourage everyone to take part in this event. f 
MORE BAD NEWS FOR THE U.S. ECONOMY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today, the U.S. Department of Commerce an-nounced that the gross domestic prod-uct, an important measure of our Na-tion’s economic health, grew by a neg-ligible 0.5 percent in the first quarter of 2016. It is the worst performance in 2 years and dismal news for the U.S. economy. During the last 3 months, consumer spending has slowed, busi-ness investment has plummeted, and exports have continued to decline. We need a stable and predictable Tax Code under which families and busi-nesses are best able to plan for the fu-ture. It is also possible to relieve the regulatory burden on small businesses and other job creators while balancing environmental stewardship, public safety, and consumer interests. While our economy has been ham-pered by the progressive ideology of the current administration, my Repub-lican colleagues and I will continue to pursue our agenda of economic growth so Americans can feel confident in their future. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC., April 28, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 28, 2016 at 11:45 a.m.: Appointment: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\H28AP6.REC H28AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2076 April 28, 2016 
United States Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
b1230 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4901, SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS RE-AUTHORIZATION ACT; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 88, DISAPPROVING DE-PARTMENT OF LABOR RULE RE-LATED TO DEFINITION OF THE TERM ‘‘FIDUCIARY’’; AND PRO-VIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DUR-ING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 2, 2016, THROUGH MAY 9, 2016 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 706 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 706 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4901) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform; and (2) one motion to recom-mit. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. All points of order against con-sideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amend-ment thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 3. On any legislative day during the period from May 2, 2016, through May 9, 2016— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 4. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 3 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 5. The Committee on Armed Services may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Wednes-day, May 4, 2016, file a report to accompany H.R. 4909. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 1 hour. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Reso-lution 706 provides a closed rule for the consideration of H.R. 4901, the Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Re-authorization Act, as it is the product of careful bipartisan and bicameral ne-gotiations. It also provides a closed rule for the consideration of H.J. Res. 88, dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘fiduciary,’’ which is traditional for Congressional Review Act resolutions. The underlying bill and resolution we will consider today are important steps forward on two issues of great concern to Americans: education and retire-ment savings. H.R. 4901, the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Reauthorization Act, also known as the SOAR Reau-thorization Act, would continue impor-tant funding provided to help young students here in Washington, D.C., reach their full potential. This legislation would provide $60 million annually for 5 years, split equally among the District’s public schools, charter schools, and the Dis-trict of Columbia Opportunity Scholar-ship Program, which enables low-in-come students to attend a private school that would otherwise be out of their reach. I have great confidence that the SOAR Reauthorization Act is a posi-tive step for students in the District of Columbia and that, through its exam-ple, it will provide a model for success that could be adopted by States across the country. With the adoption of this rule, the House will also provide for the consid-eration of H.J. Res. 88, a Congressional Review Act resolution disapproving of the Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule, a rule that will otherwise soon take effect and limit the ability of Americans to receive adequate advice on how to allocate their retirement savings. If enacted, this resolution will pre-vent the red tape and other burden-some mandates that threaten to cut off access to trusted financial advisers and may result in lower savings rates and returns on investment. As Americans are clamoring for more assistance with retirement savings and financial decisions, we must ensure that they are encouraged to continue saving and are able to receive helpful guidance. Stopping the harmful fidu-ciary rule is an important step in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I commend this rule and both the underlying bill and reso-lution. I ask my colleagues for their support. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Today the majority intends to pass a resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to overturn the Department of Labor’s recent rule-making requiring financial advisers who provide retirement investment ad-vice to abide by a fiduciary standard, meaning that they must act in the best interests of their clients, which seems perfectly legitimate to me. That is right. The House majority is dis-approving of financial advisers acting in the best interests of their clients. Despite the growing importance of individual workers and retirees to ob-tain sound investment advice, many fi-nancial advisers are still not legally re-quired to meet the fiduciary standard of acting in their clients’ best interests but, instead, are required only to meet a lower ‘‘suitability’’ standard. This creates a conflict of interest where advisers are permitted to pro-mote investments that maximized their own returns rather than their cli-ents’ returns as long as the invest-ments were still ‘‘suitable’’ for their clients. That means a small few—and a very small few—unscrupulous financial ad-visers have been legally permitted to steer clients towards financial products that maximize the advisers’ profits through higher fees and commissions even if investments that would produce greater returns for the clients are available. Few financial advisers, I am sure, are taking advantage of their clients in their saving for retirement. Some ex-perts, however, feel that this rule is necessary. In fact, the White House Council of Economic Advisers esti-mates that the cost to American retir-ees is $17 billion annually. That is no small sum, and I think it does cry out for attention. It is absurd that, due to loopholes in the current system, retirees do not have a legal right to expect that their financial advisers will act in their best interests. When you visit your doctor, you have the legal right to expect that he or she will prescribe whatever treatment is in your best interest. You shouldn’t have to guess whether or not your financial adviser is following the same fiduciary standard. The Labor Department’s final rule will close these loopholes, protect workers’ savings, and ensure that fi-nancial advisers act in their clients’ best interests. The final rule is the result of a thoughtful, thorough, and transparent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.003 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2077 April 28, 2016 
multiyear process that stands in stark contrast to the majority’s decision to rush to judgment and to overturn this rule at a record, unheard-of pace. The majority marked up the resolu-tion, H.J. Res. 88, only 13 days after the final rule had been published. So, in 13 days, it understood that it was totally unnecessary despite the $17 billion lost to clients. This is far shorter than the 55 days that other committees wait, on aver-age, to ensure that there is ample time to fully understand the impact of a final rule. In its rush to judgment, the majority has been blinded by its ideological op-position to any action taken by the Obama administration and has missed the many changes that have left indus-try leaders optimistic, including many of the major financial houses and many of the people whose livelihoods are in this kind of advising. The majority is ignoring the two im-portant protections that this rule will provide to American workers who are trying to save for their retirements. The first is peace of mind, and the sec-ond is to make sure that everything is done in their interests. Mr. Speaker, all of us are sent here to work in the best interests of the American people, not to shield finan-cial companies. So I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this dis-approval resolution. What is more, in yet another grab bag rule that joins two unrelated meas-ures under a single rule, the Repub-licans are proposing another misguided bill to meddle in the District of Colum-bia’s local affairs. The majority has already tried to overturn the District’s marijuana, gun, and abortion laws, and now it intends to rewrite D.C.’s education laws in an attack on the District of Columbia’s right to home rule. The D.C. voucher program exempts students from the protection of Federal civil rights laws that apply to public schools—why in the world would we want to do that to them?—and feder-ally funded programs that go with those civil rights laws protections. Under the voucher program, the Fed-eral funding is considered assistance to the voucher student and not to the school; therefore, the voucher program is not considered a federally funded program. The program is exempt from titles IV and VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; from title IX of the Education Amend-ments Act of 1972; from the Equal Edu-cational Opportunities Act of 1974; from the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; from the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; and from titles II and III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. I appreciate that we are not doing anything here that is really going to affect the government in any way. Un-doubtedly, again, this will be a one- House bill, and we have wasted a week’s worth of money—about $24 mil-lion—that it takes to run the House. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act is a program that makes students the pri-ority. First authorized in 2004, this program has provided significant, life-changing benefits to students for over a decade. It is no secret that many students in the District of Columbia have not re-ceived the education they deserve. Fourth graders in the District scored below all 50 States in average math and reading scores in 2013, and eighth grad-ers had the lowest average math and reading scores in the country. The SOAR Reauthorization Act con-tinues a three-sector strategy to im-prove education in the District of Co-lumbia. First, it provides additional re-sources to the public school system for its use in improving student achieve-ment. An equal amount is provided to the innovative charter schools that are opening across the District, which pro-vide a valuable alternative for students who seek a different experience. Finally, through the Opportunity Scholarship Program, students receive potentially life-changing scholarships to attend private schools that offer op-portunities that are rarely seen by low- income students. We often speak of the States as lab-oratories of democracy. But, in this in-stance, it is the District of Columbia that is providing an instructive exam-ple of the value of trying different ap-proaches, of studying them, and then of replicating the solutions that work, not the solutions that benefit en-trenched interests. That is why I am so pleased to see that this legislation includes impor-tant reforms to the program to ensure it performs at the highest standards and is fully assessed for its effective-ness. It is my hope that these assess-ment standards will be applied to many other programs at the Department of Education and across the Federal Gov-ernment. Parents have also expressed a higher satisfaction rate with their children’s schools and have reported that they be-lieve those schools are safer for their children. Both parents and the commu-nity support the Opportunity Scholar-ship Program, with 74 percent sup-porting a continuation of the program. It is not hard to understand why that program has that level of support when you consider that 90 percent of stu-dents who are participating in the pro-gram graduate compared to only 64 percent of students in the schools they left behind. Mr. Speaker, let me repeat that. Ninety percent of students who are participating in the program graduate compared to only 64 percent of stu-dents in the schools they left behind. b1245 How could our colleagues possibly op-pose this opportunity for students in the District of Columbia? And that 90 percent graduation rate is even better than the national rate of 82 percent. It is important to recognize that this legislation has support from across the aisle at the local level. In March 2016, a majority of the D.C. Council and Mayor Muriel Bowser wrote in a letter that ‘‘these funds are critical to the gains that the District’s public edu-cation system has seen in recent years.’’ I commend the SOAR Reauthoriza-tion Act to my colleagues for their sup-port. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, the colleagues who have requested time have not shown up. I am prepared to close if Ms. F
OXXis. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This is not the first time Congress and the public have debated a fiduciary rule conceived by the Department of Labor. The Department first proposed a rule in 2010, but was later forced to with-draw it due to significant bipartisan opposition. A wide array of stake-holders, both those saving for retire-ment and those providing assistance to savers, raised legitimate concerns that the Department would be limiting available advice and raising costs. Unfortunately, the Department chose to ignore the lessons of that debacle and embarked again in 2015 on a mis-guided effort to create a new fiduciary rule. Mr. Speaker, it may be helpful to ex-plain exactly why the Department is promulgating rules governing retire-ment advice whatsoever. Under the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, also known as ERISA, Federal law establishes ground rules for defined contribution pension plans, which may be 401(k)s, IRAs, or other tax-preferred savings vehicles. Anyone who exercises discretionary authority over those plans or provides investment advice for a fee to those plans is considered a fiduciary and trig-gers certain regulatory restrictions that govern their actions. Since 1975, the Department of Labor has used a five-part test to determine when a pro-vider of investment advice is a fidu-ciary. As I mentioned earlier, the Obama administration first proposed in 2010 and then in 2015 to expand significantly the definition of fiduciary, which would subject a significant number of new in-dividuals and firms to fiduciary status and have a chilling effect on the will-ingness of them to provide advice whatsoever to those saving for retire-ment. On April 6, the Department finalized its regulation, which will significantly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.013 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2078 April 28, 2016 
impact the ability of Americans to re-ceive advice on how to save for retire-ment and make it more difficult for businesses, in particular small busi-nesses, to establish retirement plans. At a time when Americans want to save significantly more for retirement, the Department of Labor wants to make it cost prohibitive to offer advice or services to low- and middle-income Americans by increasing compliance costs and the risk of litigation. Many of the Department’s compli-ance requirements will be counter-productive, as those saving for retire-ment will be forced to review and sign a number of government-mandated documents instead of focusing on iden-tifying the best options for their retire-ment savings. There are also issues related to spe-cific savings vehicles for retirement, such as variable and fixed-indexed an-nuities, which must comply with the new requirements. There are also potential class action lawsuits under state law that could prevent good actors in the industry from taking clients and impose an ad-ditional cost on savers. Beyond its impact on individuals sav-ing for retirement and those assisting them, the fiduciary rule will have a negative impact on the businesses that attempt to offer pension plans that benefit their employees. The rule holds large and small busi-nesses to different standards, with neg-ative implications for those most in need of assistance, which are small businesses with less than $50 million in assets in their retirement plan. As with so many other provisions of the fidu-ciary rule, that will raise costs and re-duce the choices available to small businesses. These concerns have been echoed by the National Federation of Independent Businesses and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Even the Small Business Administration’s Office of Advocacy submitted a comment letter stating that ‘‘The proposed rule would increase the costs and burdens associated with serving smaller plans . . . and could limit financial advisers’ ability to offer savings and investment advice to cli-ents.’’ In order to stop the Department of Labor’s misguided efforts, Representa-tives R
OE, BOUSTANY , and W AGNER in-troduced this Congressional Review Act resolution to disapprove of the fi-duciary regulation. The Congressional Review Act pro-vides a special process for consider-ation of joint resolutions disapproving of a regulation. Should a resolution, such as the one we will consider today, be enacted into law, it will prevent the rule from taking effect or being re-issued. Clearly, if the fiduciary rule comes into effect, millions of Americans and the businesses employing them will be provided with fewer investment oppor-tunities and higher costs, limiting their return on investments and the amount they are one day able to retire with. That is why I cosponsored H.J. Res. 88 to disapprove of this harmful rule and enable Americans to continue working with the adviser of their choice and save for retirement in a pru-dent and cost-effective way. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Hardworking Americans deserve solid advice about how to save for retire-ment, not conflicted guidance from fi-nancial counselors. The Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule is the product of thoughtful, long- term planning and research because the estimate is that $17 billion a year is lost to this industry. I urge my colleagues to support the rule by voting ‘‘no’’ on this rule we have before us. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up a bill that would provide desperately needed fund-ing to combat the Zika virus. We can’t put off when the Zika virus is going to arrive. We make no appointments with it. It shows up, and the devastation it produces is well known. We must not in the Congress of the United States turn our backs on this impending problem facing the United States. It is already here, and I heard just this morning that this summer they are expecting quite a lot of infec-tion to spread. The administration re-quested this funding more than 2 months ago, and it is reckless to delay the response to this crisis any longer. I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous mate-rial immediately prior to vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ to de-feat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I would like to say a few additional things on the benefit of the SOAR Re-authorization Act. When the Opportunity Scholarship Program, OSP, was first designed, D.C. public school students had the lowest test scores in the Nation. D.C. schools have improved since then, but D.C. public school students continue to test well below national averages. D.C. OSP students are seeing improved achieve-ment against non-OSP students in reading and in graduation rates. In addition, the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program does not take away money from the D.C. public and charter schools nor does it reallocate D.C. education money. In fact, H.R. 4901 directs additional Federal re-sources to the D.C. education system that would not otherwise be available if not for the OSP. Finally, there are thousands of fami-lies on charter school waiting lists who aren’t able to access the schools their children need. OSP allows income-eli-gible families to get into high-quality district or charter schools who would not otherwise have access to education alternatives. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to spend a few minutes here talking about precisely what has been going on in this Con-gress. Well, 3 or 4 weeks ago the Rules Com-mittee passed out to the House of Rep-resentatives three measures. One was to stop all class action lawsuits. One was to damage the Clean Water Act. The third one was that no Federal agency would any longer be allowed to do regulations. It would be done by a group of people set up to do that. I use that illustration a lot because it shows what we are doing here in the House. Anybody who is familiar with sheet music—and that does go back a long time—when you are playing the piano, do you remember it used to said ‘‘vamp till ready’’ and you would continue playing until the singer would start to sing? We have been waiting here for a very long time for the singer to start to sing. We have no budget. We don’t ex-actly know where we are going here. The Zika virus is bearing down on us. We have crumbling infrastructure that everybody is worried about. Kids are still drinking lead in Flint, Michigan. But that is not the only place. In al-most every city of the old cities in the Northeast, they still have brick water conduits and wood. Believe that. The city that I represent has some very, very old pipes as well. So the schools in my district—and I am sure in all the rest of your dis-tricts—are finding out that there is lead in the water in their schools as well. Well, we are going to mess around here with things that happen. And then, when Zika comes and we are not ready, I hope that we will—that we are sitting in this room with people who could do something about it. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. We are considering crucial legisla-tion today impacting two important issues, ensuring Americans are able to save for retirement and enabling the education of our next generation. As any parent knows, the education of our children is one of our highest priorities. For far too long, children in Washington, D.C., have not received the education they deserve, and have suffered from unacceptable achieve-ment levels and graduation rates. The SOAR Reauthorization Act, which this rule provides for consider-ation of, continues a successful three- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.015 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2079 April 28, 2016 
sector approach to improving the lives and educational outcomes of low-in-come students in the District. It provides $60 million in funding for students, split equally among D.C.’s public schools, charter schools, and scholarships for students to attend pri-vate schools that would otherwise be out of reach. Students receiving private school educations have demonstrated higher test scores and significantly higher graduation rates, showcasing the im-portance of continuing students’ access to these institutions. Students participating in the Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program reauthor-ized in this legislation have graduated at a rate of 90 percent, besting both other schools in D.C. where only 64 per-cent of students graduate and the na-tional graduation rate of 82 percent. These programs are an important ex-ample of the need for innovation and experimentation in how to best reform our education system to benefit stu-dents, not entrenched interests. It has been an honor for me person-ally to witness some of the students who benefited from the programs in-cluded in the SOAR Reauthorization Act. After seeing the hope for the fu-ture those students have in their eyes, I cannot fathom preventing other stu-dents from receiving their own second chances. It has also been my pleasure over the past several decades to join my hus-band in working with a number of fi-nancial advisers on how best to save for retirement and our other financial goals. Those advisers have always acted in the best interest of our family and provided useful advice that has en-abled us to meet our goals. Unfortunately, I believe that not ev-eryone in Washington believes finan-cial advisers are well-intentioned and skilled. It is my fear that, as private sector actors, not government employ-ees, they are suspected by some of being motivated by greed and taking any opportunity available to take their clients’ money for their own. b1300 That is a disturbing viewpoint that has no place in reality. These advisers work with their friends and neighbors in their home communities. The larger companies are brands that have been well established for decades and are subject to significant regulation and public scrutiny from customers and the marketplace. If there were widespread fleecing of those saving for retirement, we would all rightly hear about it. The reality is that the vast majority of financial advisers, large and small, have been and will continue to act in their clients’ best interests. There are laws and regulations in place to ensure bad actors are identified and punished, and I support those enforcement efforts wholeheartedly. What I and other Members cannot support is another effort by the De-partment of Labor to vilify an industry with real consequences for the ability of Americans to save affordably for re-tirement. We must strengthen our focus on stopping and punishing bad actors instead of increasing rules and regulations that hinder the countless good actors in this industry. We have a retirement savings crisis in this Nation, Mr. Speaker, and it is vital that every American has access to high-quality advice and an array of financial products available at a low cost. We can continue to trust Americans to make the right choice. The fiduciary rule takes that right away, and there-fore, I am pleased to have an oppor-tunity today to vote on H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the fiduciary rule. Mr. Speaker, I believe both the un-derlying bill and resolution are nec-essary steps on issues of great import to our Nation, and I commend them and this rule, providing for their con-sideration, to all of my colleagues for their support. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 706 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 6. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5044) making supple-mental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 5044. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.016 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2080 April 28, 2016 
minute votes on adoption of House Res-olution 706, if ordered, and the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5019. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 182, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 173] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—20 
Bishop (UT) Black Collins (NY) Costa Davis, Rodney Fitzpatrick Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Issa Jeffries MacArthur Rothfus Scott, David Stutzman Takai Torres Van Hollen Westmoreland Whitfield 
b1323 Messrs. DOGGETT, BISHOP of Geor-gia, and NORCROSS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. LUETKEMEYER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on rollcall No. 173, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 183, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 174] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.019 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2081 April 28, 2016 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Collins (NY) Fitzpatrick Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Issa MacArthur Rothfus Russell Scott, David Stutzman Takai Torres Van Hollen Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1329 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FAIR ACCESS TO INVESTMENT RESEARCH ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5019) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain invest-ment fund research reports, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 6, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 175] YEAS—411 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—6 
Capuano Fattah Huffman Lynch Nadler Sires 
NOT VOTING—16 
Collins (NY) Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Hunter Issa MacArthur Olson Rothfus Scott, David Stutzman Takai Torres Walker Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1337 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 175 on H.R. 5019, I am not recorded because I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
DISAPPROVING DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RULE RELATED TO DEFI-NITION OF THE TERM ‘‘FIDU-CIARY’’ Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 706, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.007 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2082 April 28, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 706, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 88 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, ThatCongress disapproves the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Definition of the Term ‘Fiduciary’; Conflict of Interest Rule—Re-tirement Investment Advice’’ (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 20946 (April 8, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The joint resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.J. Res. 88. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res. 88. I was proud to introduce this resolution, along with Representatives B
OUSTANY and W AG-
NER, to ensure that all Americans have access to affordable retirement advice. Today, there are far too many men and women in this country who don’t have the retirement security that they need and deserve. In 2015, the GAO found that 29 per-cent of Americans 55 years and older have no retirement savings and no tra-ditional pension. In fact, today, nearly 40 million working families haven’t saved a dime for retirement. This is a serious problem, and we need to make it easier for families, particularly low-income and middle-in-come families, to save for their retire-ment years. That means making sure that every American, regardless of in-come, is able to access the tools they need to plan for the future. It also means ensuring financial advisers act in their clients’ best interests. Let me say that again. It also means ensuring financial advisers act in their clients’ best interests, a priority we all share. Since the Department began its ef-forts more than 5 years ago, we made it clear that we believe retirement savers need greater protections. That is why we held numerous hearings, sent let-ters, and engaged in other oversight ac-tivities to advance a responsible solu-tion to help those saving for retire-ment; and it is why our committee put forward a legislative alternative re-quiring high standards for retirement advice, while also ensuring access and affordability. Rather than engaging with Members advancing a thoughtful alternative, however, the Department opposed our bipartisan proposal outright. Instead, the Department of Labor rushed a fi-nalized, misguided rule that will hurt the very people they intended to help. Does anyone think that a 1,000-page rule that I hold in my hand here will make it more likely for Americans to save for retirement? In my left hand here, I hold a Web-ster’s dictionary, which defines every word in the English language, and it only has a few more pages than this 1,000-page rule that defines one word, Mr. Speaker, ‘‘fiduciary.’’ The last thing Washington should be doing is making it harder for working families to save and invest, but because they took their my-way-or-the-highway ap-proach, we now have a rule that will do exactly that. The fiduciary rule will make it hard-er for working families to save for re-tirement. It will restrict access to some of the most basic financial ad-vice, and it will create new hurdles for small businesses who want to offer their employees retirement options. These are consequences many Ameri-cans cannot afford, and they are con-sequences we will not accept. That is why this resolution is so important: to put a stop to this fundamentally flawed rule and protect the men and women working to retire with the financial se-curity and peace of mind they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.J. Res. 88. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 88. This Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval would undo the Department of Labor’s final rule that simply ensures financial ad-visers act in the best interests of their clients with retirement funds. Now, this is a Department of Labor rule that only applies to workers’ re-tirement funds. In times past, people would retire and receive a defined ben-efit. They would just retire and get their promised income. But now, we have what are called defined contribu-tion plans, where the money is invested and, over the years, if someone, even a modest-income person, invests over his 40-year career, he could easily amass a fund of hundreds of thousands of dol-lars, even $1 million if they start early and invest consistently. So we are talking about people who may not have bought a single share of stock or a bond or mutual fund in their life, who walks into an investment ad-viser’s office with all of the savings that could amount to as much as $1 million. b1345 For far too long, certain financial ad-visers have been able to exploit loop-holes in the decades-old regulation that governs investment advice for re-tirement savers. Right now, financial advisers can easily steer retirement clients towards financial products that may yield the adviser a big commission but may not be in their clients’ best in-terest. Of course, not every financial adviser does this, but some do. This unscrupulous practice of pro-viding what is called conflicted advice insidiously erodes workers’ retirement nest eggs. According to the White House Council of Economic Advisers, retirement savers lose $17 billion a year as a result of receiving conflicted advice about their retirement savings. The Department of Labor recognizes the magnitude of this problem, and the department took action to protect workers’ retirement savings. All told, they have been working on this issue for nearly 6 years. Over the past year alone, they conducted hundreds of meetings and provided the American public and industry representatives with nearly 6 months to weigh in on their proposal to fix the problem. Secretary Perez and his colleagues listened to and repeatedly assured in-dustry officials, Members of Congress, and other stakeholders that the final proposal would reflect the input that the department received and that the department would get the rule right. I believe the department did just that. The final rule addresses the legitimate concerns raised by Members of Con-gress, industry, and other stakeholders without compromising the main goal: ensuring that retirement clients re-ceive investment advice that is in their best interest. I am not alone in believing this. The broad and diverse coalition of stake-holders, including AARP, AFL–CIO, NAACP, National Council of La Raza, and many others have registered strong support for the rule. But let’s be clear: support for the final rule is not limited to those who represent and advocate for consumers and workers. Initial reactions to the final rule from Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, TIAA, Morgan Stanley, and others in the financial services sec-tor have been positive and encour-aging. Other companies appear to be reserving judgment on the rule until they better understand its full implica-tions, and that is understandable. But House Republicans have not re-served judgment. They have rushed to judgment in their opposition to the final rule. That is unfortunate because the final rule is a responsible solution to a real problem. The rule will help workers enjoy a dignified retirement, and this resolution would reject the rule. Mr. Speaker, this resolution should be rejected for what it is: an effort to perpetuate an unacceptable status quo that allows some advisers to operate under a business model that puts their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.025 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2083 April 28, 2016 
interests and their financial interests ahead of their clients’ interests. We should protect workers’ hard-earned re-tirement funds and reject this resolu-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Louisiana, Dr. C
HARLES BOUSTANY , a member of the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, plan-ning for retirement can be a difficult and often bewildering task. Consumers have to choose from a complex web of plans, including traditional IRAs, Roth IRAs, SIMPLE IRAs, Qualified Plans, 403(b) accounts, or 529 plans. Let’s face it, the average American oftentimes has a difficult time under-standing what these types of plans do, which is why it is necessary to have li-censed, professional retirement advis-ers and financial advisers to help navi-gate the system. Today, baby boomers are retiring at a rate of 10,000 a day. In 2014, an esti-mated $325 billion was withdrawn from 401(k) plans in the United States for re-tirement purposes. This is a big deal. But the Obama administration is now proposing new rules that will make it so costly to use a retirement adviser, most low- and medium-income families will be locked out. This is just not right. The heavy burdens imposed by the administration’s fiduciary rule could result in fewer Americans saving for retirement using private-sector vehi-cles such as 401(k)s or IRAs. Don’t take it just from me. Take it from a li-censed financial adviser from my hometown of Lafayette, Louisiana, who said the following in comments to the Department of Labor: ‘‘This pro-posed regulation could force some in-vestors into a fee-based account ar-rangement which could actually be to their detriment. Just as in most things in life, a one-size-fits-all solution would most certainly not be best for all.’’ Ultimately, this will stifle individual choice and empower government bu-reaucrats to make decisions on behalf of those saving for retirement instead of professional retirement advisers with the knowledge and qualifications to provide advice for their clients. I ask this question: How can a regu-lation that could disqualify up to 7 mil-lion IRA holders from investment ad-vice and potentially reduce the number of IRAs opened annually between 300,000 and 400,000 be a good idea? That just defies common sense. I be-lieve policymakers should do every-thing they can to help Americans pre-pare for retirement and not create red tape that makes saving for retirement more difficult. That is why I urge pas-sage of this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong op-position to H.J. Res. 88, which would invalidate the Department of Labor’s recently finalized fiduciary duty rule and threaten our seniors’ retirement savings to the tune of $17 billion per year. The rule closes loopholes and gaps in our laws so that all financial advisers act in their clients’ best interest when providing advice on retirement invest-ments. This is an essential reform that will protect our seniors and ensure our retirees are financially secure. Not only is this rule a commonsense update, but the Department of Labor worked diligently to address all legiti-mate stockholder concerns. Secretary Perez should be commended for his ex-emplary leadership on this issue. The Department of Labor spent countless hours reviewing comments, meeting with industry and other inter-ested stakeholders, and responding to lawmakers’ concerns. That effort has resulted in a strong, workable rule that takes into account different business models across the industry. For example, the final rule specifi-cally allows firms to recommend pro-prietary products as long as they make certain disclosures and act in the cli-ents’ best interest. It streamlines those required disclosures to make it easier for firms to comply. It provides flexi-bility in the timing of a contract be-tween a client and an adviser, and it establishes clear distinctions between what is considered education and ad-vice. Overall, the final rule is carefully crafted to protect investors while cre-ating a workable process for financial advisers. What is more, the rule is sup-ported by hundreds of stakeholders who represent the financial services in-dustry, the public interest, civil rights, consumers, labor unions, and many in-vestment advisers who are already pro-viding advice to savers under a fidu-ciary standard, yet my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are so intent on dismantling this crucial rule. This resolution is not their first at-tempt. H.R. 1090, which went through my committee and passed the House largely along party lines, would have imposed unacceptable delays on the Department of Labor’s rulemaking ef-fort. Different measures were consid-ered in other committees that would have replaced the rule with a harmful alternative, and riders were attempted on appropriations bills to prevent the department from working on this rule altogether. Now, Republicans may have the votes to pass the disapproval resolution on a simple majority, but the President will veto this bill, and Democrats will stand strong to ensure that they cannot over-ride that veto. We will ensure that the laws protecting our seniors’ savings are as robust as possible in a fair market. We will ensure that hardworking Americans can trust their financial ad-visers and make sound investments, and we will ensure that everyone has a right to retire with dignity and secu-rity. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I want to put one thing to rest now. This $17 billion you are going to hear over and over again, what they simply did with this formula was take the amount of money in retirement savings and as-sume that if you used any other ad-viser other than a fiduciary through the life of the investment, you would get 1 percent less earnings. That is how you get to $17 billion. It has been re-futed by numerous people. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. WAGNER ), who serves on the Committee on Financial Services. Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the chairman for his leadership and for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a resolution to stop the Department of Labor from attacking Americans’ savings. Mr. Speaker, investing in the future and saving for retirement can be some of the most personal and consequential decisions that families make. With three children to raise, my husband and I worked tirelessly to put food on the table each day while squeezing what we could into a retirement ac-count. For those families today living pay-check to paycheck, we must provide more opportunities to save for the fu-ture, not limit them. Mr. Speaker, this is about Main Street, not Wall Street. The DOL’s fiduciary rule is simply ObamaCare for retirement savings. It is clear that this top-down, Wash-ington-knows-best power grab will only hurt those it claims it will protect: low- and middle-income families that are looking for sound investment ad-vice in the midst of a savings crisis. Today, sadly, 45 percent of working- age families do not have any retire-ment savings. Nearly half of our work-force is not saving for retirement. For those who are saving, the average re-tirement balance is only $3,000 for working-age families and $12,000 for families nearing retirement. Every American should have access to sound investment advice, but the Department of Labor is going too far, increasing costs for advice and ulti-mately putting low- and middle-in-come, hardworking families at a severe disadvantage. Congress must act to stop this intrusion on Americans seek-ing to do the right thing regarding their savings responsibility. Rarely in Washington do Democrats and Republicans find common ground on issues, but with the Department of Labor forcing more than 1,000 pages of investment regulations on American families, we have joined together with bipartisan concern. Mr. Speaker, the choice is simple: ei-ther you stand with low- and middle- income families saving for the future or you stand with yet another Big Gov-ernment takeover by this administra-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.027 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2084 April 28, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, the resolution that we will vote on today will stop this rule and give Americans the freedom—the freedom—to choose how they plan for and invest in their future. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to pass this resolution. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), the rank-ing member of the Committee on Ways and Means. (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking member for yielding. The gentleman has worked so hard on this with so many others. Mr. Speaker, this fiduciary rule has had a long, dedicated and deliberative journey. The administration first issued proposed regulations on this issue in 2010. They received many com-ments from consumer and industry groups, and they decided to redraft the proposal. That new proposal, issued last year, prompted more than 3,000 comment letters. The administration and the Department of Labor actively took these comments and the numer-ous consultations on all sides of this issue into account when they prepared the final draft of the rule. It is the way government should act. What the Department of Labor rule does is strengthen the trust between a financial adviser and their client. It says that a fiduciary or financial ad-viser must act in their clients’ best in-terest. The Republicans oppose this rule guided by their ideological blind-ers. b1400 This rule is important because when the Employee Retirement Income Se-curity Act, ERISA, was first passed in 1974, 401(k) plans did not yet exist and IRAs had just been created. Today, more Americans have 401(k) plans than pension plans and must manage their own investments. Republicans today continue their claim that this rule will make it more difficult for small businesses and low- and middle-income Americans to get fi-nancial advice because it will cost them more. The fact is that conflicted investment advice costs American fam-ilies billions of dollars every year. As the White House said: ‘‘some firms have incentivized advisers to steer cli-ents into products that have higher fees and lower returns—costing Amer-ican families an estimated $17 billion a year.’’ It continues: ‘‘If the President were presented with H.J. Res. 88, he would veto the bill.’’ This rule-making process isn’t top down; this is from the bottom up. Lis-tening to people, listening to every-body—to everybody—and coming out with a rule that is responsive to the needs of the American people, that is really what this is about. Instead, we have Republicans coming forth again, essentially, as I said, with their blind-ers on, opposing this rule, when they know that if it ever passed the Sen-ate—and I don’t think it will—it would be vetoed by the President. I strongly urge that my colleagues vote against this resolution. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, here is what we do know. We do know that the negative impact of this rule on con-sumers is not hypothetical. The reason we know it is because the United King-dom has already lived through an effec-tually identical rule. The result in the UK was an advice gap that locked out nearly half a million middle-and low- income savers. Just last week, the head of the SEC’s Division of Economic and Risk Anal-ysis admitted that the Labor Depart-ment knew of the disastrous impact of what he termed the experiment in the UK that locked out these middle-in-come and low-income savers from ad-vice, yet it moved forward to put us on that same path. Mr. Speaker, we live in a country that ranks 19th in the world for retire-ment security. Half of Americans can-not find $400 in savings if hit with an emergency. We should be doing more to encourage Americans to save. This rule, obviously, does exactly the oppo-site. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), a leader on the House Education and the Work-force Committee. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, too many families and individuals across Oregon and across our country are struggling to get ahead. I know the sacrifice that is involved in each and every dollar they set aside to con-tribute to their retirement. Building a stable base for retirement security should be within reach for everyone. That is why I will vote ‘‘no’’ on H.J. Res. 88. Consumer protection is one of the reasons I am standing on the House floor today. Throughout my career, I have advocated for families who, de-spite their best efforts, have found their financial and retirement security at risk. At Legal Aid, I helped families who were on the brink of losing every-thing; as a consumer protection attor-ney at the Federal Trade Commission, I took on mortgage brokers who had defrauded people out of their homes; and in private practice, I represented people who lost their life savings when they relied on misrepresentations by people selling securities and franchises. I pay close attention to the fiduciary rule because I know that consumer pro-tection laws can keep Americans finan-cially secure and level the playing field. A thriving marketplace without deceptive practices can restore con-sumer confidence and grow the econ-omy. For too long, people saving for retire-ment have had few tools to know if their financial adviser was directing them to a product that was in their best interest and most appropriate for their specific needs and goals. Seeking to fix this uncertainty and put the in-terest of future retirees first, the De-partment of Labor took great care when crafting a final rule to remove conflicts of interest and restore con-fidence to savers. They heard from peo-ple around the country, including con-sumer protection groups and leaders in the investment industry. They heard from people who had lost their life sav-ings because of financial advice that was not in their best interest. Saving for retirement is crucial for our country’s economic security, but too many Americans are uncertain about how they can stretch their hard- earned dollars to provide for them-selves and their families. Products and choices are complex. The Department of Labor sought to protect these Amer-icans from conflicted advice so they can be prepared for retirement while allowing financial advisers to continue to play an important role in this proc-ess. Stakeholders from all sides of the issue were involved in the rulemaking. The Department took time, listened to them, and made multiple changes to make sure this rule is workable. I applaud the Department of Labor for their thoughtful and thorough rule-making process. I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided legislation that seeks to block this important fi-duciary rule. I thank Ranking Member S
COTT for his leadership on this issue. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, a title does not make you honest. Ber-nie Madoff was a fiduciary, I might add. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE), the distinguished chairman of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. For several years now—about 7—we have heard from Americans, we have heard from employers, and we have heard from families that the American economy, the American people, and employers are under an assault from a blizzard of regulations. In the last year, as we near the closing months of this administration, the blizzard is al-most a whiteout. You can hardly see, they are coming so fast. This is one such regulation, and it is everywhere in industries across Amer-ica. It is choking us. We have got to stop it. Please, please, let’s start here today and support this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ), a Mem-ber who, before coming to Congress, had a long career in the financial serv-ices industry. Mr. DELANEY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.028 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2085 April 28, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, we have a looming re-tirement crisis in this country. People are living longer, the cost of retire-ment is greater than it has ever been, Americans haven’t been able to save for retirement because wages have not gone up, and across the last several decades we have shifted the risk of re-tirement from institutions to individ-uals. In that context, the notion that we would allow, perhaps, upwards of 20 percent of hardworking Americans’ savings to be eroded because of con-flicted investment advice is prepos-terous. It is for that reason I am a strong supporter of the Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule and stand here in opposition, against any efforts to undermine it. The notion that average Americans, low-income Americans, and middle class Americans won’t receive service in the context of this new rule is also invalid. One of the greatest expenses fi-nancial institutions have is customer acquisition, in other words, the amount of money they invest to ac-quire customers. The idea that they would somehow get rid of millions and millions of customers that they have already invested huge amounts of money in acquiring I find to be not only a bad business decision, but not logical in the context of the private market, the way we understand it. Also, to the extent that they would do that, I believe right now, as we speak, there are entrepreneurs and in-vestors sitting in conference rooms all over this country with whiteboards fig-uring out new business models that will deliver high-quality, fiduciary- level, nonconflicted financial advice to average Americans in an efficient man-ner that meet the standards of this fi-duciary rule. For all these reasons, I support the rule. I stand in opposition against any efforts to undermine it. This is an im-portant step in dealing with our loom-ing retirement crisis, and it is the proper role of government to level the playing field and then to allow the pri-vate market to solve the problem. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I will point out what has happened in England. We have a playbook by which to look at, where a very similar rule was implemented in England, about how many investors lost advice. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CA-
LISE), the distinguished whip. Mr. SCALISE. I thank my friend from Tennessee for bringing this legis-lation forward. Mr. Speaker, what we are trying to do here is help people and encourage more savings. 401(k) plans were so good at making it easy for people to save money for their retirement. Frankly, we should be doing as much as we can here in Washington to make it even easier to encourage more people to save for their retirement. But here comes the Department of Labor and, literally, with this massive document to define one word—what the term ‘‘fiduciary’’ means—is going to make it dramatically harder for Amer-icans to save money for their retire-ment. Anybody who thinks that this massive document, defining the ability for people to save money, is going to make it easier or make it less costly to save money doesn’t understand just how many teams of lawyers will be em-ployed to go and try to figure out what this means. What it will mean, Mr. Speaker, is that the cost for hardworking tax-payers to go and put more money in their retirement is going to go up dra-matically. It also means—and you want to talk about a perverse incen-tive—the rule, this massive rule, actu-ally imposes even more burdens on small businesses than it does on large businesses. So the very engine of our economy—small businesses—will lit-erally have to face the question of whether or not they can even afford to provide 401(k) services to their employ-ees. Employees love the ability to have a 401(k). Employees also move around a lot from job to job and enjoy the ability to roll over their 401(k), and this massive rule actually makes it nearly impos-sible for people to roll over their 401(k), dramatically increasing the cost. Why would you want to do that? What we are trying to do here is say: Go back to the drawing board. This rule makes no sense. This rule actually hurts the ability for hardworking tax-payers to save money for their retire-ment, the exact opposite thing the Fed-eral Government should be doing. I applaud my friend from Tennessee for bringing this forward, and I urge adoption. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the ranking member of the Appropriations subcommittee with jurisdiction over the Department of Labor. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution, which would block the implementation of the Department of Labor’s conflict of in-terest rule. I strongly support what the Depart-ment of Labor is trying to do with this rule: simply to ensure that financial advisers act in the best interest of the consumer. Unfortunately, the rule is necessary because some financial advisers are recommending financial instruments that offer rewards or commissions to the adviser for steering the client to those particular instruments instead of recommending retirement options that are in the best interest of the cus-tomer. This is about safeguarding worker retirement savings. The White House Council of Eco-nomic Advisers estimates that con-flicts of interest cost about $17 billion per year in lost savings for Americans who are trying to save for retirement. This is unacceptable. When hardworking Americans seek advice on how to invest for retirement, they should not have to worry about being led to make decisions that are not in their best interest. By estab-lishing this fiduciary duty that would require advisers to act in the interest of the customer, we could end this predatory practice. The rule requires brokers to disclose their fees and financial incentives when offering a financial product, in-troducing much-needed transparency to the process. Right now, advisers are under no obligation to disclose this in-formation. When it comes to retirement, every penny counts. It is unconscionable that we would allow self-interested advisers to rob hardworking American families of their hard-earned retirement sav-ings. The bottom line is that we must pur-sue policy solutions that benefit work-ing families and that help them to ade-quately prepare for retirement. Please oppose the resolution. b1415 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, there we go again. No matter how many times you say ‘‘$17 billion,’’ it doesn’t mean it is a fact. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), my good friend. He has two very special guests today, his children, who are on the House floor with him. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I have Hudson and Ava with me. That is right. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 88, and I commend my colleague from Tennessee for bringing this im-portant measure forward. In life and in public service, we are not just responsible for our intentions, we are responsible for the results, the true consequences of our actions. Un-fortunately, the Obama administration often seems to ignore this simple life wisdom. My colleagues across the aisle have spent a lot of time today talking about their good intentions with this 1,000- page rule. Do you know what? It may be true that the Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule was intended to protect consumers. The problem is the rule will, in fact, have the opposite result. We need more families saving for re-tirement, and those families need sound financial advice. Instead of in-creasing access to financial advice for those who need it the most, this rule will cut off access to affordable retire-ment counsel for many lower- and mid-dle-income Americans. That is the true result of the so-called fiduciary rule. Dr. R
OE’s legislation, H.J. Res. 88, would stop this rule from taking effect, stand up to the Federal bureaucrats, and protect American families who are struggling to save for their futures. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.031 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2086 April 28, 2016 
from California (Mr. B ECERRA ), the chair of the Democratic Caucus. Mr. BECERRA. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, just as we expect our doctors to act in our best interests, so should the financial advisers, whom we pay to help us make those very impor-tant investment decisions for retire-ment. There is nothing strange about this rule. It is just trying to bring us up to speed with the times. This rule says that the saver’s best interest comes first before the financial advis-er’s commission can be taken into con-sideration or before that financial ad-viser can make decisions based on his or her association to a particular type of investment. Thirty years ago maybe this was not such a big issue because, 30 years ago, folks, like my parents, used to get their retirement savings through their pensions. You paid into it through your work, and you knew how much you would get out. It was fixed. It is what we called defined benefit plans. Your benefit was defined because you kept contributing while you worked. Those are pretty much gone. Today it is all about 401(k)s and IRAs, and all of a sudden, you, the worker, have to make decisions on your investment because you do not know how much it will return once you retire. It is all based on what the mar-ket does; so now you have to make sure that your money that is in this 401(k) goes to the right investment vehicles. The best thing to do is to go to some-one who can give you advice. Too often, some of these advisers are advis-ing you not based on what is in your best interest, but on where they can get extra commissions or if they have associations with particular invest-ments. This rule simply says to make your decision in the best interest of the saver, not in your best interest as the financial adviser. That is all it says. It is a big rule. Why? Because the financial services indus-try said: Wait a minute. You just can’t say that. You have to say it in ways that don’t affect the way we have a re-lationship with that saver. So all of those accommodations were made to try to deal with it so we would always have investment advisers who would want to deal with American sav-ers. Remember, the problem here is that a lot of Americans don’t have a lot to save, and a lot of investment advisers say: You are not worth my time. What we don’t want to do is restrict those investment advisers from talking to the average American who doesn’t have all that much to save for retire-ment; but, by God, we don’t want to say to that investment adviser to go ahead and take advantage of that saver. This is a best interest rule for the saver. We should vote against this rule which rejects the Department of La-bor’s rule. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I inquire as to the time remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Tennessee has 15
1⁄2min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 10 minutes remaining. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), a mem-ber of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I thank Chairman P
HILROEfor yielding, and I appreciate his leadership on this issue for American families. Mr. Speaker, I am in strong support of the resolution to disapprove of the Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule. This 1,000-page rule is yet another one of the President’s burdensome, expen-sive regulations. Instead of helping American families by expanding access to financial advice, the Department of Labor has overly restricted the defini-tion of a fiduciary and has created new obstacles for small business owners. In just reading the rule of 1,000 pages, much less picking it up, it is going to cost consumers. This administration’s misguided fiduciary rule will make it harder for small businesses to assist their employees in preparing for retire-ment; it will increase costs; and it will limit choices for those who need the advice most: American families. In the past months, I have met with business leaders and financial advisers of the highest integrity across the Sec-ond Congressional District who share my concerns about the negative im-pacts of this unworkable regulation, which limits freedom. Again, I appreciate Chairman P
HIL R
OE’s leadership in sponsoring the res-olution, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M
ALONEY ), who has worked hard on this issue. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose this resolution. The Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule is President Obama’s top remain-ing domestic priority, and I think we owe the American consumer, the Amer-ican people, and our seniors our sup-port. This rule advances a very simple principle: if you are giving investment advice to someone and if you are being paid for this advice, then you must put the interest of the consumer first. You must think about the consumer before you think about yourself or about making a fee or making your firm a fee or about helping someone else besides the consumer. It merely says to think about the consumer and protect his interests. This is not just common sense—it is the fair, honest thing. We shouldn’t have to legislate this. We are legis-lating this because there are abuses in this area. We are trying to stop these abuses and give good investment advice to good American citizens. Let’s not forget that most investors think it is already the law. They think that their advisers are giving them their best advice. This merely says that you have to think about the sen-iors and the American people. This should be like having a glass of water. On this, there should not be a vote. The fact that we are coming to the floor to try to roll back a rule that helps Americans have fair and just sav-ings is absolutely outrageous. If you have a problem, go to the Department of Labor. I have been there six times and I have raised concerns. They have incorporated every single change in the rule. They have given advanced time. They have bent over backwards to ev-eryone who has raised an issue in this Congress and to every member of in-dustry. That is why it is so long. This protects the interests, the fi-nances, of the American people. It puts money—saves money—in their pockets instead of forcing them to spend it on fees that are unnecessary and on prod-ucts they don’t need. A vote for this is a vote against the American family. Please vote against it. I believe that anyone who votes against this does not have the interests of America in his heart. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Just to clear this up a little bit—and we all agree, everybody on both sides of the aisle, and Mr. SCOTT and I have agreed on this repetitively—if only best interests were the case, why isn’t it just one sentence on one page and not 1,000 pages? Number two, this is about small in-vestors. Mr. Speaker, a higher-income inves-tor, like myself, this bill doesn’t affect one bit—it will not affect me at all, and it affects nobody on Wall Street because most of us pay a percent of our assets in a fee. That is what we do and that is exactly what this joint resolu-tion is doing. We are worried about small- and low-income investors. We have seen exactly this in England, and it is going to be repeated here once again. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), my good friend and fellow member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.J. Res. 88, a resolution disapproving of the Department of La-bor’s final rule that changes the defini-tion of fiduciary. This new definition hits low- and middle-income savers the hardest and would leave many unable to save for retirement at all. Additionally, it would make it significantly more dif-ficult for small businesses to seek the investment advice they need to provide for their employees in order for them to plan and save for retirement. In having owned and operated com-munity pharmacies for nearly 30 years, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.033 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2087 April 28, 2016 
I take pride in having provided my em-ployees with the tools they have need-ed to achieve financial independence, and retirement investment plans are one of the most important tools in this effort. Like many small business own-ers, I consider my employees to be part of my family. That is why H.J. Res. 88 is so important. The new rule is a classic case of the Federal Government’s stepping in the way of the Main Street success story with a ‘‘Washington bureaucrats know best’’ mentality, and it must be stopped. Americans have the right to choose how they save and what to save for, and this final rule from the DOL will only increase burdens on Ameri-cans and small businesses, limit oppor-tunities, and ultimately hurt their chances to plan for their futures. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), a strong consumer advocate. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gen-tleman from Virginia for yielding to me and for his commitment to improv-ing the lives of working Americans and retirees. Mr. Speaker, this is a very dangerous bill as 86 percent of Americans believe that we are facing a retirement crisis in this country and as 75 percent are concerned about their own abilities to have secure retirements. More Ameri-cans fear outliving their money more than they fear death, and 8 in 10 want us to help them have guaranteed streams of income in retirement. That is why I am just amazed that my Republican colleagues are pushing this resolution of disapproval on a carefully crafted, thoughtfully de-signed rule to improve retirement se-curity, especially for people who need the help. We have moved to an era when most workers, if they are offered any pen-sions at all, are given defined contribu-tion options, like self-directed IRAs and 401(k)s. This means that their re-tirement security relies on the indi-vidual decisions they make, and many turn to financial advisers for guidance. They believe that when they pay for advice, that the advice that will be given will be in their best interests. Why shouldn’t they believe that? The rule that my Republican col-leagues want to overturn would ensure their best interests. What happens when retirement in-vestment advice isn’t in the client’s best interest? Hard-earned retirement dollars are lost. It is estimated that Americans lose $17 billion a year because of con-flicted advice, and individuals could lose nearly 25 percent of their assets over a 35-year period. Working women and men in this country and retirees are struggling, and the ‘‘best interest’’ standard is one step to help them. I urge all of my colleagues to stand up for retirement security and reject this dangerous resolution. The ‘‘best interest’’ standard shouldn’t just apply to financial advisers, it should apply to us here in Congress. Let’s vote to pro-tect the best interests of our constitu-ents. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ), my good friend and fellow member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 88, legislation that would dis-approve of the Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule. This new DOL fiduciary rule defini-tion will impose costly new mandates and burdensome regulations on retire-ment advisers. This will negatively af-fect and disproportionately hurt low- and middle-income families who seek retirement advice but who do not have enough in savings to afford an ongoing fee-for-service approach. b1430 In other words, it is just another Washington one-size-fits-all solution that hurts those who may need finan-cial advice the most. Five years ago the Obama adminis-tration introduced a similar rule that was met with much opposition. Well, not much has changed in those 5 years. This rule will do more harm than good to the very people it is claiming to pro-tect. The majority of my time in Wash-ington is spent fighting executive and agency overreach, and this rule is just another example of the failed Obama administration’s attempt at Federal Government monopolization of retire-ment advice. Everyone deserves accessible advice when planning and saving for retire-ment. The people in my district are sick and tired of these unelected bu-reaucrats in these departments and agencies imposing these rules. I am proud to cosponsor H.J. Res. 88, and I urge my colleagues to join me in support. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), a hard-working advocate for workers. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his hard work. We know that, when people leave their jobs, they may get a call from an adviser offering to help the worker roll over their 401(k) or 403(b) into an IRA. What the worker does not know is that the adviser oftentimes is really a salesperson. That salesperson has no responsibility to put the worker’s best interest first. The law did not require a best-interest standard. So some advisers steer people to high-cost products with hidden fees and hidden commissions. This practice by some, but not all, financial advisers strips wealth from families trying to save for retirement. For 15 years consumer and investor advocates have fought to protect sav-ers from these conflicts of interest. Fi-nally, the Obama administration and Democrats worked with industry for a workable, best-interest standard. Today’s vote is clear: Do you support rules that protect savers’ ability to build wealth? Do you want to protect investors from conflicts of interest? I do. That is why I oppose today’s ef-fort by Republicans to put the profits of the financial advisers ahead of fu-ture retirees. Best interest of the saver and the worker, not the best interest of the industry, is how you should vote today. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the average Social Security recipient in this country gets $1,300. We have 29 percent of the people, millions of peo-ple over the age of 55, with no savings. I don’t believe for 1 minute anybody in this Chamber actually believes a 1,000-page bill is going to make that easier to do and less expensive to do. I have never seen that in the history of the world. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ). Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in strong support of H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the harmful rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor. It is 1,000 pages to define one word. No wonder the American people are angry and frustrated with Washington, D.C. They should be. I think people are a little bit smarter, and understand the term ‘‘fiduciary.’’ This rule threatens small businesses and individual savers by replacing cur-rent regulations dealing with invest-ment advice. But we want to make sure, of course, that consumers are being protected and given the best advice possible when it comes to their financial security, but the DOL rule is not the way to do it. I am concerned that the Department proposal would be particularly harmful to low- and middle-income working American families looking for options to save, to invest, and to plan for their future. Compliance with this rule would limit educational opportunities for in-dividual retirement accounts and re-tirement savings plans, since distribu-tion of materials about these services would be considered providing rec-ommendations. That just doesn’t make sense to me. The proposal would actually make it much more difficult for people in my district and people across the country to save for their future. The cost of compliance is significant. I urge my colleagues to vote for this joint resolution. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, we possibly have two more speakers. Will the gentleman from Tennessee advise me how many more speakers he has remaining. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, we have six remaining. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.034 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2088 April 28, 2016 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, it is inter-esting listening to this debate. My friends across the aisle are telling me that this is going to help Americans. Well, being creative, I can think of a few Americans that this will help: the loggers in north Wisconsin who are cutting wood and the papermakers in Wisconsin. It will help them for all the copies of this 1,000-page bill. Also, it will help the trial bar. If you look at a 1,000-page rule, how does anybody com-ply with that? The Department of Labor doesn’t un-derstand this rule. No one across the aisle understands this rule. So when a small-town investment adviser breaks this 1,000-page rule, in comes the trial bar and sues. It is a giveaway to the trial bar. Listen, we have had this conversa-tion all afternoon. This is going to hurt middle-income, low-income individ-uals, low-income savers. Listen, if you are a millionaire or a billionaire, don’t worry. You are going to be fine. You are still going to get that personalized financial advice. But if you are someone in my dis-trict, guess what they are going to say. Your financial adviser will say: I am sorry, sir. I can’t service you anymore. I can’t give you advice. So what are my friends across the aisle going to ask my constituents to do? They will be asked to sign up on-line for a robo-adviser where they will answer 8 to 10 questions and the com-puter will spit out advice for them. They get computer advice, not personal advice. So when people make erratic deci-sions, bad decisions, when markets move, you get your computer advising you. Instead of calling a person, an ad-viser who says, ‘‘Listen, you are not going to retire for 10, 15, or 25 years, don’t sell right now. Now is not the time to sell. Hold on,’’ you don’t get that advice because you have a com-puter. I think we have to look at the real intent of this law. Less people are going to save, and more people are going to save even less. So, at the end of the day, you are going to see Americans enter into their retirement years without having a lit-tle nest egg for their retirement, which means more Americans are going to be more reliant and more dependent on the government, which is what this has all been about: more government reli-ance. Let’s make sure we empower our citi-zens, our people, to get financial advice and be treated fairly and honorably by the men and women who serve our communities and our constituents. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of this joint resolution. While this rule may be well intended, its effects will lead to higher fees, lack of diver-sity and choice, limiting access to pro-fessional retirement planning and guid-ance for those who need it the most, low balance, smaller investors trying to save every month for their retire-ment. I have long believed that the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission is the governing agency most expert and should have been taking the lead on this project of the fiduciary rule. The administration should have insisted on it. Instead, they have been off track for 5 years. We are left with a 1,000-page rule that creates a confusing, bifur-cated set of standards that will confuse investment advisers and their clients trying to save for retirement. Ameri-cans need more affordable retirement choices, not less. I thank the gentleman from Ten-nessee and Mrs. WAGNER for their work on this effort. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a fellow class-mate of mine. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I commend Dr. R
OEfor his significant effort in this regard. I oppose the Department of Labor’s recently finalized fiduciary rule. The new regulations will generate nearly 57,000 paperwork hours per year and cost Americans billions of dollars in duplicative fees. It will hurt hardworking, middle- class American families as a similar rule hurt hardworking, middle-class British families. We have proof of this based upon what has happened in Eng-land. Bipartisan legislation already ad-vancing in the House protects access to affordable retirement advice, and that is the appropriate way to implement changes in the law. I urge all my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 88 and oppose this most re-cent effort by the executive branch to bypass Congress and the American peo-ple and enact controversial policy by fiat. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, the Department of La-bor’s fiduciary rule serves no purpose other than to make it more chal-lenging for hardworking Americans to plan for retirement. This ill-advised rule will limit choice and access for those who seek financial advice to pre-pare for their future. It will be especially damaging to middle-class families who will lose ac-cess to affordable retirement advice, and it will discourage small businesses from helping their employees save for retirement. Saving for the future is difficult enough, and now this out-of-touch ad-ministration is stepping in to make it even more challenging. We can and we must get Washington out of the way. Americans cannot afford to have the Federal Government interfering in their retirement planning. Under the Congressional Review Act, we can pre-vent implementation of this harmful rule. Congress should do everything it can to empower Americans to secure their future. I urge my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 88 to stop this misguided govern-ment intervention and allow the Amer-ican people to achieve their retirement dreams. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the Statement of Administration Policy. It notes that ‘‘The outdated regulations in place be-fore this rulemaking did not ensure that financial advisers act in their cli-ents’ best interest when giving retire-ment investment advice. Instead, some firms have incentivized advisers to steer clients into products that have higher fees and lower returns . . .’’ 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.J. RES. 88—DISAPPROVAL OF DEPARTMENT OF  
LABOR RULE ON FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY  
OF FINANCIAL ADVISERS —REP. ROE, R–TN, 
AND 30 COSPONSORS  The Administration strongly opposes H.J. Res. 88 because the bill would overturn an important Department of Labor final rule critical to protecting Americans’ hard- earned savings and preserving their retire-ment security. The outdated regulations in place before this rulemaking did not ensure that finan-cial advisers act in their clients’ best inter-est when giving retirement investment ad-vice. Instead, some firms have incentivized advisers to steer clients into products that have higher fees and lower returns—costing American families an estimated $17 billion a year. The Department’s final rule will ensure that American workers and retirees receive retirement advice in their best interest, bet-ter enabling them to protect and grow their savings The final rule reflects extensive feed-back from industry, advocates, and Members of Congress, and has been streamlined to re-duce the compliance burden and ensure con-tinued access to advice, while maintaining an enforceable best-interest standard that protects consumers. It is essential that these critical protections go into effect. If the President were presented with H.J. Res. 88, he would veto the bill. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, we have two additional speakers, but they are not here yet. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the H.J. Res. 88. The Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule would significantly affect con-stituents in my district. State Farm insurance in Bloomington, Illinois, is headquartered in my district. State Farm and its agents all across this country offer services and prod-ucts to help low- and moderate-income investors make the best decisions about their finances. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.035 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2089 April 28, 2016 
However, this rule by the Obama ad-ministration targets those service pro-viders and its agents. It would raise compliance costs, limit the advice that companies can provide to their own employees, and penalizes small busi-nesses that want to provide their em-ployees with a 401(k) plan. The bottom line is that this rule would drastically narrow the access that hardworking Americans have to retirement advice, hurting middle and working class families. More bureaucratic burdens from the Obama administration in the form of a 1,000-page regulation is not a recipe for economic growth in this country. Stop choking the U.S. economy. Support this resolution. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 88. I have been here now for 5 years, and it always seems to be the same theme: You poor, poor, stupid people. Only the government can help you decide how you should get ready for your retire-ment. I don’t think there are any more 10 chilling words than: ‘‘I’m from the government, and I’m here to help you.’’ We are looking at the dismantling of people who help everyday people decide on retirement decisions. It is a very difficult thing to navigate, but, yet, we think we can do it better here because we do such a fantastic job. My gosh, we are only $20 trillion in the red. Why wouldn’t we advise hard-working American taxpayers how they should prepare for their retirement? We have already ruined their retire-ment for them. It gets to the point of being a little bit stupefying to stand here in the peo-ple’s House and think that somehow the administration and the Depart-ment of Labor came up with an 1,100- page definition of what the fiduciary responsibility should be. Stunning. Stunning. The real fiduciary responsibility re-mains with the House. It is our respon-sibility to protect our hardworking American taxpayers. It is our responsi-bility to make sure that hardworking American taxpayers who advise people on their retirement should be allowed to exist. This is going to put them out of business. Why? Because we know so much better than they do. This is misguided. This is misthought. This is about a bigger gov-ernment, a more intrusive government, a government that taxes you more and serves you less. It is that simple. b1445 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I include in the R
ECORD a letter in opposition to the resolution, in support of the rule, from a long list of con-sumer organizations, as well as five pages of quotes from industry officials in support of the rule. SAVEOURRETIREMENT , April 26, 2016. Re Oppose the Resolution to block DOL’s final conflict of interest rule. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : As organizations that support the Department of Labor’s (DoL) rule to update and strengthen protec-tions for retirement savers, we are writing to urge you to oppose H.J. Res 88, the Resolu-tion of Disapproval that would block its im-plementation. This rule is a tremendous ac-complishment in the fight to improve our nation’s retirement income security and should be supported. The rule will at long last require all finan-cial professionals who provide retirement in-vestment advice to put their clients’ best in-terests ahead of their own financial inter-ests. By taking this essential step, the rule will help all Americans—many of whom are responsible for making their own decisions about how best to invest their retirement savings—keep more of their hard-earned sav-ings so they can enjoy a more financially se-cure and independent retirement. In promulgating this rule, the DoL en-gaged in an open and inclusive process, and the final rule is better as a result. Specifi-cally, the DoL responded to congressional and industry feedback by making significant revisions designed to facilitate implementa-tion and compliance, while minimizing the harmful impact of conflicts of interest on the quality of retirement investment advice. Small account holders and moderate-in-come retirement savers stand to benefit most from this rule. The academic literature makes clear that it is the less wealthy, fre-quently financially unsophisticated retire-ment savers who are most at risk when it comes to investment recommendations that are not in their best interests. Often, those recommendations promote investment prod-ucts with high costs, substandard features, elevated risks or poor returns. While the fi-nancial adviser may make a substantial prof-it off these recommendations, the retirement saver pays a heavy price for investment ad-vice that is not in his or her best interest, amounting to tens or even hundreds of thou-sands of dollars in lost retirement income. Strengthening the protections for hard- working Americans who try to save for a se-cure and independent retirement is a key priority for our organizations, and to its credit, the DoL has worked diligently to make important and needed changes to an outdated rule. We urge all Members of Con-gress to join us in supporting this common sense and long overdue initiative and to re-ject this effort to block its implementation. Your hardworking constituents deserve no less. Sincerely, AARP, AFL-CIO, Alliance for Retired Americans, American Association for Jus-tice, American Association of University Women (AAUW), American Federation of Government Employees, American Federa-tion of State, County and Municipal Employ-ees (AFSCME), Americans for Financial Re-form, Association of University Centers on Disabilities, Better Markets, B’nai B’rith International, Center for Economic Justice, Center for Responsible Lending, Committee for the Fiduciary Standard; Consumer Action, Consumer Federation of America, Consumers Union, Demos, Inter-national Association of Machinists and Aero-space Workers, International Brotherhood of Boilermakers, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace, & Agricul-tural Implement Workers of America (UAW), Justice in Aging, Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Main Street Alli-ance, Metal Trades Department, AFL-CIO, National Active and Retired Federal Em-ployees Association (NARFE), National Com-mittee to Preserve Social Security and Medi-care, National Consumers League; National Council of La Raza, National Women’s Law Center, OWL—The Voice of Women 40+, NAACP, National Education As-sociation, Pension Rights Center, Public Cit-izen, Public Investors Arbitration Bar Asso-ciation, Rebalance IRA, SAFER UMass Am-herst (SAFER: A Committee of Economists and other Experts for Stable, Accountable, Fair and Efficient Financial Reform), Serv-ice Employees International Union (SEIU), Social Security Works, United Food and Commercial Workers, United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, En-ergy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union (USW), U.S. PIRG, Woodstock Institute, Young Invincibles. FINRA: The Financial Industry Regu-latory Authority, the self-regulatory agency overseeing brokerage firms, was one of the most vigorous critics of the Labor Depart-ment’s proposed fiduciary rule. The group ‘‘filed one of the most pointed comment let-ters last summer about the proposed rule, which would require advisers to 401(k) and individual retirement accounts to act in the best interests of their clients,’’ Investment News’ Mark Schoeff Jr. reports. But the final rule gave big concessions to brokers, leading Finra’s leader to effectively bless the new rule Friday. The organization’s chair and chief executive Richard G. Ketchum told an audience at the Brookings Institution that the final rule is a ‘‘big improvement.’’ (Polit-ico) John Thiel, Head of Merrill Lynch Wealth Management: ‘‘We are pleased that Sec-retary Perez and the Department of Labor staff have worked to address many of the practical concerns raised during the com-ment period. Most important, we support a consistent, higher standard for all profes-sionals who advise the American people on their investments. As we study the details of the final rule, we hope to continue what has been a constructive dialogue with the De-partment about how to implement a best in-terest standard effectively and efficiently for the benefit of our clients, advisors and share-holders.’’ (WSJ) TIAA: ‘‘Putting the customer first is a core TIAA value, and we believe adhering to a best interest standard under the Depart-ment’s new regulation is an important way to help more people build financial well- being. IRAs are a key part of creating retire-ment security, so we agree with the require-ment that distribution advice be subject to the same fiduciary standard as all other in-vestment advice. This will ensure that roll-over discussions, including whether to roll over from an employer-sponsored plan to an IRA, are always in employees’ and retirees’ best interest. Based on our preliminary anal-ysis, it appears the Department has gone a long way toward making the best interest standard the industry standard. TIAA sup-ports this direction, and we look forward to reviewing the full rule.’’ (Statement) LPL Financial Holdings Inc., which pro-vides brokerage services to more than 14,000 independent advisers, said it was pleased with the Labor Department’s changes to the fiduciary rule. ‘‘In particular, we are encour-aged by the increased time frame for imple-mentation, the ability to easily enter into the best interest contract with our existing clients, and the freedom to recommend any assets that are appropriate to help investors save for retirement’’. (WSJ) Ray Ferrara, Chairman and CEO, ProVise Management Group: ‘‘It’s quite workable,’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.037 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2090 April 28, 2016 
says Ferrara, whose practice serves many small businesses and mid-level investors in the retirement space. ‘‘Under the best inter-est contract exemption, firms and advisors can continue to receive commissions for the sales of financial products and for the advice and services they provide—they just have to make sure that the commissions are reason-able and that their advice is not influenced by the level of compensation they receive.’’ (www.provise.com) Jim Weddle, Managing Partner, Edward Jones: ‘‘We’ve been adapting to new rules forever. The difference this time is that our compliance with the new rule will also grow the public’s trust and confidence.’’ (State-ment) Morgan Stanley: ‘‘Putting clients’ inter-ests first is a core value of Morgan Stanley. While it will take some time to analyze all of the rule’s details, we have been planning for it since it was initially proposed and have been making investments in the systems and technology that will enable us to offer com-pliant solutions to clients whose retirement accounts are affected.’’ (Investment News) Financial Planning Coalition: ‘‘The Finan-cial Planning Coalition opposes any effort by Congress to thwart the Department of La-bor’s final fiduciary rule, which reflects ex-tensive public comment and articulates com-mon-sense standards for ensuring financial advice in consumers’ best interest. Initial re-actions from many financial services firms and professionals—across business models— have been largely supportive and focused on implementation rather than opposition. We strongly urge Congress to step back, respect the comprehensive feedback process, and not to interfere with final implementation of this important rule to benefit millions of American retirement savers.’’ (Statement) Financial Engines: ‘‘The new conflict of in-terest rule is an important step forward in our nation’s retirement security and has the potential to positively impact retirement in-vestors, regardless of their wealth or invest-ing experience,’’ said Larry Raffone, presi-dent and chief executive officer of Financial Engines. ‘‘Financial Engines has always be-lieved that it is not only possible, but abso-lutely necessary, for retirement advisors to provide un-conflicted advice and guidance to their clients. That’s why we’ve made a point of operating as a fiduciary for our clients since founding 20 years ago.’’ (Statement) National Association of Insurance and Fi-nancial Advisors: ‘‘NAIFA members and oth-ers within the insurance and financial serv-ices industry worked diligently with the De-partment of Labor to address many concerns we had with the DOL’s draft rule,’’ said Jules Gaudreau, president of the National Associa-tion of Insurance and Financial Advisors. ‘‘We appreciate that DOL has accepted many of NAIFA’s suggestions and reworked some portions of the rule to address concerns raised during the review process.’’ (State-ment) The Rebalance IRA Investment Committee (Dr. Charles D. Ellis, Dr. Burton G. Malkiel, Scott Puritz, Managing Director, Mitch Tuchman, Managing Director, and Jay Viv-ian): As members of the financial advisor community, we are writing to express our appreciation for the leadership and hard work that you have devoted to the fiduciary duty rule just released by the U.S. Depart-ment of Labor. This extraordinarily impor-tant reform will protect millions of hard working Americans from the conflicts of in-terest that annually siphon away billions of dollars of hard-earned retirement savings due to inflated commissions and poor re-turns. (Letter) Karen Barr, CEO, Investment Adviser As-sociation: ‘‘The IAA is pleased to see that the Department of Labor clearly recognizes that many advisers already commit to pro-viding high-quality advice that always puts their client’s best interest first. We have long believed that the fiduciary standard should be applied to all financial profes-sionals giving investment advice. Our mem-bers, SEC-registered investment advisers, are already held to that standard. The IAA is also pleased to see that—based on prelimi-nary information—the DOL appears to have taken many of our most significant concerns with the proposal into account. For example, the IAA and others commented that the pro-posal appeared to favor low-fee and low- cost—typically passively managed—invest-ments over all else, ignoring returns, qual-ity, and other factors that may be important to investors. The DOL expressly acknowl-edges that it did not adopt the low-fee streamlined option considered in the pro-posal because of that concern, and further clarified that the adviser is not required to recommend the lowest fee option if another investment is better for the client. These are welcome changes. We also welcome the DOL’s clarifications on the timing of fidu-ciary status, as it appears that the final rule makes it clear that ‘‘hire me’’ discussions that do not include investment recommenda-tions are not fiduciary recommendations.’’ (Statement) Jon Stein, CEO, Betterment: ‘‘We support this rule for a lot of reasons. We’ve actually been engaged and involved with the Depart-ment of Labor and the OMB for a while sup-porting this rule,’’ Stein told CNBC’s ‘‘Clos-ing Bell.’’ ‘‘It’s an unambiguous public good. This is one of the most exciting things to happen for investors in 40 years.’’ (Business Insider) Triad Advisors: ‘‘We’re in the process of re-viewing the details of this recently finalized rule, but one thing is clear: Delivering max-imum choice and flexibility in business and compensation models to independent advi-sors is more crucial than ever before. We’re confident that our firm’s focus since we were founded on supporting hybrid advisors uniquely positions Triad Advisors to best serve the evolving needs of independent advi-sors in this new regulatory landscape. We’re also encouraged on a preliminary basis with modifications from previous versions of the rule in its final version, which seem to re-flect the willingness of the DOL to listen to our industry and the investing public on a range of key issues.’’ (Statement) Legg Mason: Jeff Masom, co-head of sales for asset manager Legg Mason Inc. said the Labor Department had ‘‘certainly made a lot of concessions’’ including giving firms more time to comply and grandfathering in exist-ing investments. While the rule is likely to require ‘‘a lot of time and expense’’ from intermediaries, Mr. Masom said Legg Mason is optimistic about the impact of the rule on its business. He said the firm benefits from not offering retirement plan record-keeping services and being a ‘‘pure’’ investment man-ager with a mix of products, some of which are low-cost. ‘‘Competing with passive has always been on the table. Active managers always has to justify their fees. Nothing has changed on that front,’’ Mr. Masom said. (WSJ) Cetera Financial Group: ‘‘Cetera has been aware of the broad brush strokes of the DOL rule for some time now, and we have been ac-tively positioning our advisors to transition this situation from an obstacle to an oppor-tunity. We have been utilizing our industry- leading scale and resources to develop mul-tiple new tools and platforms to prepare our advisors for how to best operate their busi-nesses and enjoy continued success in this new regulatory environment. Preliminarily, it appears the rule includes modifications that indicate the DOL has considered some of the industry’s concerns. However, we will be studying the newly released details of the final rule in the coming days, and from there, we will announce a number of our ini-tiatives to support advisors in this area in the coming weeks.’’ (Statement) Jason C. Roberts, CEO, Pension Resource Institute, and Partner, Retirement Law Group: ‘‘Based upon our initial review, we believe that many of the challenges in the proposal have been modified to be more workable. We are sifting through the details but are generally encouraged—particularly with the lower bar for fee-based IRA roll-overs and the extended timeline for imple-mentation. We will be begin updating PRI’s member firms next week and start devel-oping the required forms, agreements, disclo-sures, policies and training in the coming months.’’ (Investment News) Morningstar: Scott Cooley, direct of policy research at investment-research and invest-ment-management firm Morningstar Inc., said: ‘‘One of my fears was that people who had already had paid a commission on their retirement accounts would be moved into fee-based accounts and then have to pay 1% of assets a year after they had already paid a commission.’’ But the DOL has ‘‘indicated that it would have to be in the best interest of the client to shift them to a fee-based ac-count from a commission-based account. That’s unambiguously pro-consumer.’’ Mr. Cooley also said that because the final rule incorporates the financial-services indus-try’s comments, ‘‘It will be harder for people in the industry to argue that the DOL didn’t take their feedback into account. I suspect the DOL drafted this with an eye towards po-tential court challenges.’’ (WSJ) Evensky & Katz: Harold Evensky, chair-man of financial-advisory firm Evensky & Katz who champions the fee-only, fiduciary approach to financial advice and planning and who has long supported the rule, said: ‘‘The DOL has indeed taken a major step to-ward a more secure and dignified retirement for millions of Americans. In addition, the DOL has obviously carefully listened and re-sponded to the concerns raised by many fi-nancial service participants regarding the original proposal including easing the com-pliance process but maintaining a strong, le-gally enforceable best interest standard.’’ He added: ‘‘At this stage it seems that the De-partment of Labor’s years of effort will be a major win for investors.’’ (WSJ) RBC Capital Markets: In an unexpected positive change for the industry, RBC Cap-ital Markets said in a research note, the re-quirement that financial advisers enter into a separate fiduciary contract with customers when dealing in the retirement area got scrapped. Another positive: The Labor De-partment expanded the universe of 401(k) and other retirement plans that would be exempt from the new rule. The draft proposal would have covered plans under $100 million in as-sets, while the final rule drops that thresh-old to $50 million. RBC said annuity compa-nies including Lincoln, MetLife and Pruden-tial ‘‘would still see a negative hit to vari-able annuity sales—although the impact would likely be slightly less than if the draft had been left unchanged.’’ (WSJ) UBS Group: Scaling back aspects of the rule will likely boost the stocks of the very firms most affected by the tighter restric-tions, a team of researchers at UBS Group AG said in a research note. ‘‘While the thrust of the rule remains unchanged and we still see longer-term headwinds, we believe the rule’s softening could provide a relief rally in many of the most impacted stocks includ-ing asset managers, life insurers and [inde-pendent broker-dealers],’’ the UBS research-ers wrote. They based their analysis on a fact-sheet distributed by the Obama admin-istration. (WSJ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.015 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2091 April 28, 2016 
Bob Gerstemeier, President, Gerstemeier Financial Group: ‘‘The responsibility of put-ting my clients’ interests first will have lit-tle impact to the way I operate,’’ he says. ‘‘Ultimately, I think the new regulations re-quiring advisors to make more disclosures and put clients’ interests first will not only make our profession better, it will ensure that more Americans receive competent, trusted and appropriate advice.’’ (www.provise.com) Guild Investment Management ‘‘At Guild, which is an SEC-registered investment advi-sor, we have adhered to fiduciary standards for our entire life as a firm (more than four decades), and we certainly welcome the ex-pansion of these standards, which we view as simple and fair common sense.’’ (www.equities.com) Rob Foregger, Co-founder, NextCapital: Rob Foregger, co-founder of Next Capital, says the Labor Department ‘‘made very sen-sible amendments to the proposed rule. The final result strikes the right balance.’’ ‘‘The new DoL fiduciary rule is a major step for-ward for the modernization of the $17 trillion retirement industry—and perhaps the largest overhaul to the investment management in-dustry in nearly three decades,’’ he added. ‘‘The DoL went to great lengths to integrate the productive feedback from the financial industry, while ensuring that a true fidu-ciary standard of care was enacted.’’ (www.nasdaq.com) United Capital: The Labor Department’s fi-duciary rule is an important step in pro-viding more disclosure to investors, but ‘‘this should really be viewed as a step one,’’ says Terry Siman, a lawyer and a managing director with wealth-management firm United Capital Financial Advisers LLC who has supported the rule. ‘‘It takes a long time to make the cultural shifts’’ of moving the industry toward providing greater trans-parency, he said. Mr. Siman added the new rule would give retirement savers a boost by putting their interests ahead of advisers, while also empowering them to ask for more information around costs and conflicts of in-terest. ‘‘The consumer ultimately will ben-efit, it’s just going to be first and foremost the responsible consumers who know’’ to ask their advisers for that additional informa-tion,’’ said Mr. Siman. (WSJ) Andrei Cherny, CEO, Aspiration: ‘‘I’ve seen first-hand that the wheels of government can move slowly—especially when there are thousands of lobbyists and many millions in campaign contributions working against progress. But the new fiduciary role from the Department of Labor is a big step in the right direction. The financial industry is one of the least trusted in America—for some very good reasons. Too often, conflicts of in-terest lead to a ‘heads I win, tails you lose’ game where people’s very livelihoods are on the line.’’ (Statement) Wells Fargo: ‘‘Wells Fargo has been an ac-tive advocate for our clients and financial advisors during the DOL’s rule-making proc-ess. We have a robust plan in place for re-viewing the final rule, which we hope will re-flect the suggestions that we and others have offered in order to avoid unintended negative impacts on investors. Wells Fargo has long supported a best interest standard and be-lieves that professional financial advisors have a crucial role to play in encouraging re-tirement saving and investing. As one of the largest and strongest financial services com-panies, we enjoy a distinct advantage in our ability to adapt to this change.’’ (Investment News) 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, there are two points that I would like to make. One is that when all you can complain about is the size of the bill, you know you have a very weak argu-ment. Second, they mentioned the United Kingdom. As I understand the United Kingdom plan, they banned commis-sions, so it is not the same thing. This rule will allow commissions if those commissions are in the best interests of the consumer. Mr. Speaker, last week the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce hastily marked up this joint resolution only 48 hours after it was introduced. This week the House majority has rushed it to the floor for a vote, only 21 days after the rule was published. Ac-cording to the Congressional Research Service, that is one-fifth of the average time between the time a final rule is issued or published and when the CRA vote occurs. If anyone has concerns about the rule, those concerns can be addressed to the Department of Labor, and the Department can issue clarifications and guidance. But instead of reserving judgment and seeking clarification, this resolution is offered and would have the effect of not only rejecting this rule, but any similar rule in the foreseeable future. This joint resolution may pass the House today and may pass the Senate next month, but the President will veto it. There are not the votes to override the veto, so that is simple arithmetic. We are just wasting our time. Instead of wasting time on this sure- to-be-vetoed joint resolution, the House should be helping working peo-ple make ends meet and better provide a future for their children and grand-children. We should be taking up legis-lation that would boost workers’ wages, help workers achieve a better balance between work and family, level the playing field by strengthening pro-tections from discrimination so every-one has a fair shot, and strengthening workers’ ability to have a safe and se-cure retirement. All of that will be the focus of House Democrats. For now, I urge my colleagues to pro-tect workers’ hard-earned retirement funds by voting ‘‘no’’ on this resolu-tion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) for the civility of this debate. In closing, I want to remind my col-leagues that a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this reso-lution will protect access to affordable retirement advice and allow us to get back to delivering real solutions that will empower every American to save for the future. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think it is wast-ing time to help and protect working families and small businesses from this onerous rule that may actually prevent them from saving for the future. As we have said here on the House floor, al-most a third of all Americans—and it distresses me every day—do not have any retirement savings or pension plan. They are looking at $1,300 a month in Social Security to live a very long time. Our life expectancies are going up, so we should be doing every-thing we can to help people and make it easier for them to save for retire-ment. I started a small medical practice— joined four other doctors—almost 40 years ago now. We started out with a very small pension plan for all of our employees. It was a broker-dealer in-vestment situation. We have now grown that to 450 employees, and we have a totally different arrangement because we have a different business model now. Higher income and higher earning people, like myself, don’t have to worry about this rule. It will not affect us. It will affect small businesses that are trying to get started and individ-uals like my children who are out there starting their pension plans. If you believe, as I do, that the Amer-ican people deserve better than a flawed rule that will wreak havoc on workers and retirees, I urge you to sup-port this resolution. Mr. Speaker, this is a 1,000-page bill to define one word. This is a Webster’s dictionary that defines every word in the English language, which is only slightly bigger than that 1,000-page bill right there. I don’t think anybody be-lieves that is going to make it easier for people to retire in this country. On behalf of every American family, I urge you to stand up for affordable re-tirement advice and support H.J. Res. 88. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 88, a joint resolution disapproving the rule promulgated by the United States Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘fiduciary.’’ I oppose this resolution because it seeks to nullify a rule that was years in the making and which provides common sense protections for consumers by simply requiring retirement advi-sors to put the best interests of their clients above their own financial interests. Currently, these retirement advisors are only required to recommend ‘‘suitable’’ invest-ments, which means they can recommend in-vestments that offer them a higher commis-sion even where an otherwise identical invest-ment with a lower commission is available. Under current rules and regulations, this is all perfectly legal—but highly unfair, especially middle-class seniors dependent upon the in-vestment income from the hard-earned money they saved during their working years and en-trusted to a financial advisor. Because those outdated regulations did not ensure that financial advisers act in their cli-ents’ best interest when giving retirement in-vestment advice, some firms have found it profitable to incentivize their advisers to steer clients into products that have higher fees and lower returns at a cost to American families of approximately $17 billion a year. The Fiduciary Rule issued and published by the Department of Labor (DOL) on April 8, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.015 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2092 April 28, 2016 
2016, bans these practices and removes the incentive for financial advisors to put their pe-cuniary interest ahead of their client’s propri-etary interest. Mr. Speaker, it is worth noting that DOL’s Fiduciary Rules was thoughtfully, responsibly, and transparently crafted over several years in conjunction with hundreds of meetings on the rule with industry professionals and the public and after considering more than 3,000 public comments over a six-month period from the American people. In comparison, House Republicans quickly convened a markup only two days after H.J. Res. 88 was introduced and only thirteen days after the rule was finalized and published. This clearly shows that Republicans in Con-gress are more interested in attacking the Obama Administration than acting to safe-guard the hard-earned retirement savings of the American people and working to ensure those savings are protected. The DOL’s fiduciary rule simply guarantees that those entrusted with the savings of mil-lions of Americans act in the best interests of their clients. The Department of Labor has done right by the American people. Now it is time for this House to do right by the American people by rejecting H.J. Res. 88 and leaving the DOL Fiduciary Rule in place. Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. Speaker, investment ad-visors in my district have contacted me ex-pressing concern that the Department of La-bor’s fiduciary rule as currently written would make it difficult to continue serving clients with smaller portfolios. However, every investor de-serves to be protected from bad actors who sell them products that do not fit their needs. The Department of Labor should continue to work with all stakeholders to craft a fair rule. The bill before us would do nothing to correct the rule, tying the Department’s hands from establishing safeguards that work for every-one. It’s unlikely the Senate will act on the bill. If they do, the President has indicated he will veto it. Our time would be better spent improv-ing the rule to make certain investors are pro-tected without diminishing advisors’ ability to serve their clients. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 88. One of the biggest concerns I hear from my constituents in Houston and Harris County, Texas is having enough money for retirement. For decades, we have seen the private sector moving their employees from defined benefit to defined contribution retirement plans. Now we’re seeing growing pressure to move public sector workers onto defined contribution plans as well. Even more concerning is the current effort by multiemployer pension funds, like Central States, to pull the rug from under retirees and slash their pensions by hundreds of thousands of dollars. This pattern has troubled me for years and I hope Congress will take action to ensure workers in Houston and Harris County and throughout our great country who have worked for decades get the secure retirement they de-serve. If American families are going to be required to secure their retirement in the private mar-ket, at the very least, they ought to have peace of mind that they are getting the best advice from financial professionals. The Labor Department and Secretary Tom Perez worked for years to put together a fair and balanced rule that will ensure that when it comes to saving for retirement, customers— in other words, the American people—come first by holding advisers and brokers to a fidu-ciary standard. The Council of Economic Advisers has re-ported that due to loopholes that had been on the books for 40 years, conflicted advice and hidden fees have cost American families $17 billion a year in lost retirement savings. These conflicts of interest can cost a retiree almost one-fifth of their savings by age 65. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle today to stand with our nation’s retirees and working families and vote down this irre-sponsible resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 706, the previous question is ordered on the joint resolution. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 51 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1500 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 3 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Passage of House Joint Resolution 88; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 2901; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. DISAPPROVING DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RULE RELATED TO DEFI-NITION OF THE TERM ‘‘FIDU-CIARY’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 183, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 176] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.013 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2093 April 28, 2016 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Collins (NY) Crawford Fincher Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Issa MacArthur Massie Moore Rothfus Stutzman Takai Torres Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
b1523 Mrs. CAPPS and Mr. ASHFORD changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ROSKAM changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 176 on H.J. Res. 88, I am not recorded be-cause I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: On rollcall No. 176, ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: On rollcall No. 176, ‘‘nay.’’ f 
FLOOD INSURANCE MARKET PARITY AND MODERNIZATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2901) to amend the Flood Dis-aster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 419, nays 0, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 177] YEAS—419 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Collins (NY) Crawford Fincher Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Issa MacArthur 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.014 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2094 April 28, 2016 
Massie Rothfus Stutzman Takai Torres Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1531 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 177 on H.R. 2901, I am not recorded because I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Thursday, April 28, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall votes 173 and 174, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 175, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 176, and ‘‘yea’’ on roll-call vote 177. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
RECOGNIZING APPALACHIA SERV-ICE PROJECT, BRISTOL MOTOR SPEEDWAY, FOOD CITY, AND OTHERS FOR THEIR GENEROSITY (Mr. ROE of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Appa-lachian Service Project, the Bristol Motor Speedway, Food City, and scores of volunteers for their generosity in building a home for Colene and Steve Tredway and their family in Bristol, Tennessee. The Tredway family first applied to ASP’s home repair program to help make room in their small mobile home for their newly adopted children, Alex-is and Kadin. When ASP heard the Tredways’ story, they decided to do more than just renovations. ASP, the Bristol Motor Speedway, and Food City partnered to build a brand new home for the Tredways in only 60 hours, all at no cost to the fam-ily. This new three-bedroom house will give the Tredways a better home to care for their children, and it will give Alexis and Kadin room to grow with their new family. I am proud to recognize ASP; the ASP president, Walter Crouch; the Bristol Motor Speedway; Food City; Will Crumley and Ron Gouge, who oversaw the project; and countless vol-unteers for their kindness and gen-erosity toward the Tredway family and our community. f 
41ST ANNIVERSARY OF THE FALL OF SAIGON (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, today I join the Vietnamese American community across this Nation and actually around the world to commemorate the 41st an-niversary of the fall of Saigon. We must remember our fallen sol-diers, American veterans, and our South Vietnamese allies who fought and died in the name of freedom and democracy. Unfortunately, the Government of Vietnam continues to crack down on its citizens by using article 79 of the Vietnamese penal code, which prohibits political pluralism or prohibits associ-ating with pro-democracy parties. Last week I met with Ms. Vu Minh Khanh, the wife of prominent Viet-namese political prisoner, Mr. Nguyen Van Dai. Mr. Nguyen is currently being detained by the Vietnamese Govern-ment after being severely beaten for peacefully expressing his views on de-mocracy. As President Obama prepares to visit Vietnam, I urge the President to make human rights a key priority, and I strongly urge the President to call for the release of human rights activist Mr. Nguyen Van Dai and Father Thadeus Nguyen Van Ly. It is time—it is time for the United States to take a strong and principled stand against Vietnam’s ongoing human rights violations. 
f 
ROTARY CLUB OF LANSING’S 100 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to talk about a wonder-ful organization in my district, the Ro-tary Club of Lansing. This May, the Rotary Club of Lansing is celebrating 100 years of service above self. The club was founded on May 29, 1916, and has been dedicated to many com-munity and international service projects ever since. Over the past 100 years, Lansing Ro-tarians have provided over $2 million in grants for local and international projects. Such projects include the Ro-tary Veterinary Clinic at Potter Park Zoo, the Hospice of Lansing Residen-tial Facility, annual support to the H.O.P.E. Scholarship Program for Lan-sing at-risk youth, and the reconstruc-tion of a school in Sri Lanka after the tsunami. Lansing Rotarians also support the efforts of Rotary International in its fight to eradicate polio throughout the world. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to con-gratulate the Rotary Club of Lansing on 100 years of service. I thank the Lansing Rotarians for their commit-ment to the people and their service to the Lansing community. f 
CONGRATULATING NORTH HOLLY-WOOD HIGH SCHOOL SCIENCE BOWL WINNERS (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it fills me with great pride to congratulate students from my San Fernando Valley district at North Hollywood High School for winning the Los Angeles De-partment of Water and Power Science Bowl Regional Competition. This aca-demic competition tests students’ knowledge in all areas of science, quiz-zing them in a fast-paced question-and- answer format. These science bowls challenge and prepare our Nation’s students to be-come researchers and engineers of the future. As an engineer myself, I know that there is an ever-growing demand for talent in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields right here in America. It is thrilling to see the promising young men and women coming out of our San Fernando Valley schools with such great talent. You should all be proud of yourselves for making it this far, as it is a huge accomplishment. The entire San Fernando Valley and I will be cheering you on as you compete in the national finals here in Wash-ington, D.C. Congratulations. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE CENTENNIAL OF WORLD WAR I (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 100 years ago, the world was in a war so big that it was called the war to end all wars. World War I started in 1914 and involved 32 nations. It pitted the Allies against the central powers and stretched across five continents. The United States was isolationist at that time and was not in the war. But in 1917, the British intercepted a tele-gram called the Zimmerman Telegram from the German Government to Mex-ico, encouraging Mexico to join Ger-many. In return, Germany would help Mexico take and conquer Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona. So after the sinking of seven U.S. merchant ships by submarines, the sinking of the Lusitania, and the publi-cation of the Zimmerman Telegram, the United States Congress declared war in April of 1917. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.012 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2095 April 28, 2016 
Four-and-a-half million Americans signed up to fight, including a friend that I later got to know by the name of Frank Buckles, who was 16 when he joined the war in World War I. He lived to the age of 110 and died in 2011. Amer-ican doughboys like him proved the de-cisive difference. Just a year after the U.S. was in the war, the war was over on the 11th day of the 11th month at the 11th hour. In all, there were 30 million casualties worldwide, civilian and military. Mr. Speaker, after the war, the United States became an international power. So 114,000 doughboys died over there in the great World War I. When they got home, an equal number died from the Spanish flu that they had contracted when they were in Europe. Mr. Speaker, we remember them all 100 years ago this year, for the worst casualty of war is to be forgotten. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
LEAD POISONING IN DRINKING WATER IN SCHOOLS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, we have a situation that is getting very serious in this Nation, and it is the issue of drinking water in schools. I hail from the 10th Congressional District of the State of New Jersey, and after traveling to Flint, Michigan, on March 4 to listen to the people of that community talk about what had happened in their community around their drinking water and how their children have been poisoned—a poten-tial of 9,000 children having issues with lead—I came back to Newark, New Jer-sey, my home, knowing that Newark is the third oldest city in the Nation. I took action. I spoke to several may-ors in my community, and I said: ‘‘You need to pay attention to what is going on with drinking water. There is a problem.’’ Lo and behold, 3 days later, in 30 schools in Newark, New Jersey, ele-vated levels of lead were found. So I took action, and I have introduced the TEST for Lead Act in schools. This will help States that get Federal dollars from the Federal Government test the water in schools for lead. This is not only a cities issue. In sev-eral communities around Newark, this issue has also been found in the sub-urbs. It is coming to a community near you. So I ask my colleagues to support the TEST for Lead Act. 
f 
b1545 CHANGES TO THE WHITE COLLAR EXEMPTION (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, the current administration has changed the way business is done in America. By making unilateral changes to the white collar exemption within the Fair Labor Standards Act, businesses across our Nation will be forced to change their investment and growth strategy. This Big Government pie-in-the-sky philosophy does not grasp the realities of Main Street America. The change would require employers to pay over-time for all employees who make $50,440 or less per year. The administration’s own Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration pointed out that research for this comprehensive rule change was based on assumptions and lacked industry data and involve-ment. Here is another example of an agency reinterpreting an old law from 1938 and changing it to fit the current adminis-tration’s agenda. This is lawmaking by executive fiat and it is unconstitu-tional. It is time for Congress to revive the legislative veto and hold an unaccount-able executive branch accountable. f 
MINIMUM WAGE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
ALKER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Raise the Wage Act that was introduced almost exactly 1 year ago today. Raising the minimum wage is crit-ical to addressing income inequality in the United States, one of the most pressing issues facing our Nation. But the majority has not even called a hearing on this issue. Yesterday, the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce Democrats held our own forum on this issue, dur-ing which we considered the evidence in support of raising the minimum wage. We heard from business leaders and economists that raising the wage will reduce workforce turnover, stimu-late consumer spending, and grow jobs. The evidence is absolutely clear that raising the minimum wage will give 35 million workers a raise and lift 4.5 mil-lion Americans out of poverty. It is also abundantly clear that raising the minimum wage will benefit businesses in the U.S. economy. That may be why in a recent poll from Republican poll-ster Frank Luntz, 80 percent of busi-ness executives supported raising the minimum wage. The record could not be more clear: raising the minimum wage is good for workers, businesses, and the American economy. That is why today I include in the RECORD testimony from yester-day’s Member forum on the Business Case for Raising the Federal Minimum Wage, presented by David Cooper of the Economic Policy Institute; Sherry Deutschmann of LetterLogic, Inc.; Scott Nash of MOM’s Organic; and Car-men Ortiz Larsen of AQUAS, Inc. 
WRITTEN REMARKS FROM CARMEN ORTIZ LAR -
SEN, PRESIDENT OF AQUAS INC . AND CHAIR OF  
THE BOARD OF THE HISPANIC CHAMBER OF  
COMMERCE , MONTGOMERY COUNTY , MD Submitted to the House Education & the Workforce Committee—Minority Panel on the Business and Economic Case for Rais-ing the Minimum Wage, April 27, 2016 My name is Carmen Ortiz Larsen, and I support an increase in the Federal minimum wage to at least $12 by 2020; I support the Raise the Wage Act. I am the owner and President of an Engineering and Information Technology firm called AQUAS Incor-porated. I am also the Chair of the Board of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Mont-gomery County, Maryland. AQUAS Inc. staff includes professionals, administrative personnel, and field techni-cians. Our lowest wage is $14 an hour. Our plan is to have the minimum wage in our workplace at $16/hour within the next 18 months. Being a small business owner is hard work. Small business owners have to be frugal, pru-dent, smart and alert to opportunities, navi-gating cash flow ups and downs, and man-aging cost increases and price competitive-ness. Controlling costs is essential to ensure sufficient margins for funding growth, long- term success and customer satisfaction. If I don’t control costs wisely, though, the dol-lars I save in one area of the business could cost me more in other areas. Some years ago we sought to keep costs down by using the lowest legal minimum wage as compensation for clerical and field staff. We found that these workers had a greater incidence of health issues, absentee-ism and turnover. The cost of replacing and retraining staff outweighed any savings in keeping their pay rate low. We found that it was a smarter business policy to raise the hourly rate for the lower paid jobs. The results were better staff mo-rale, increased loyalty and better service to the customer. We gained a more stable work-force and improved performance. Markets are competitive, and every year costs go up. We have to face yearly increases in cost of insurance, supplies, advertising, fa-cilities, services. We take this for granted as the cost of doing business. It should be no different to expect wage increases, especially for the lowest paid workers. All employees deserve a wage that is sufficient to live with-out the anxiety of being left without food or shelter. AQUAS does not believe that the answer to cost management or competitive challenges lies in paying our staff poverty wages; this simply diminishes the quality and ongoing success of our enterprise. Instead, we remain competitive through efficiencies and quality improvements, through innovative ways to maintain reasonable profitability and im-prove the customer’s experience. Our staff is part of who we are as a company, and they deserve to make ends meet. We look to you as elected officials to set boundaries that cut across special interest areas, to make those tough decisions that create a delicate balance between an unre-strained commercial interest and a level 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.046 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2096 April 28, 2016 
playing field for businesses and acceptable conditions for individual sustainability. The current minimum wage adjusted for infla-tion is lower than it was in 1950. This is sim-ply untenable and should be unacceptable in our country. The current $7.25 an hour does not provide minimum wage workers with a wage with which they can live with dignity, have a de-cent home, nutritious food, and a reliable way to get back and forth from work, with-out worrying about whether or not they will lose their job or their family if they can’t. The minimum wage is so low that workers have to seek a second job or public assist-ance of one kind or another. I want to con-tribute to my community—not burden it by paying wages my employees can’t live on. Raising the federal minimum wage is long overdue. In my community engagement as a busi-ness owner and as the Chair of the Board of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, I see an awful lot of the consequences of poverty wages in the community; I see families that fall apart and struggle to stay healthy, with each adult working more than one job, and still having a hard time making ends meet. These people are our consumer base, they are our neighbors, they buy from us, they vote for you. I don’t want my government sup-porting policies like an inadequate minimum wage that promote poverty, weaken con-sumer demand, and ultimately hurt my busi-ness and other businesses. We have to set a reasonable wage floor. I am here today to testify on behalf of a decent minimum wage that will reinforce employee productivity and ensure that when an employee goes home after work, they have the time, energy and enthusiasm to give to their families and community with-out fear, without anxiety and without hun-ger. Thank you. 
WRITTEN REMARKS FROM SCOTT NASH , OWNER , 
MOM’S ORGANIC MARKET  Submitted to the House Education & the Workforce Committee—Minority Panel on Business and Economic Case for Raising the Minimum Wage April 27, 2016 My name is Scott Nash. I am the founder and CEO of a grocery chain called MOM’s Or-ganic Market. With an investment of $100, I started MOM’s in 1987 out of my mother’s ga-rage in Beltsville, MD. We currently have 15 locations in Virginia, Maryland, Pennsyl-vania and the District of Columbia. By the end of this year as we expand into New Jer-sey and elsewhere, we will have 18 stores and more than 1,000 employees. Our annual sales are more than $200 million. We support rais-ing the federal minimum wage to at least $12 by 2020. In 1980, just as I turned 15, I took my first part-time job. I ran the fry station at Burger King for $3.10 per hour. That’s actually more than today’s minimum wage adjusted for the cost of living. I was surrounded by full time adult co-workers—some with children—and they relied on their paychecks to survive. Most of my coworkers had good attitudes, even though every day their lives were per-meated with struggle and stress. A minimum wage that is too low puts mil-lions of people between a rock and hard place. Over the years, we at MOM’s have gradually increased our hourly minimum wage from $8.00 to $11. I’m happy to report that after multiple raises to $9, $10, and $11, MOM’s is the most profitable we’ve ever been. All good businessmen know that their most important asset is their employees. At MOM’s, we consider paying a higher wage not a burden, but rather a high-return stra-tegic investment. Our workforce is more pro-ductive, engaged and dedicated. They are happier, have less stress in their overall lives, and feel appreciated and secure. With this higher employee morale and strengthening of our corporate culture, our retention rates have skyrocketed over the years, which has driven down our training and hiring costs. Studies show that the costs of hiring and training are substantial—thou-sands of dollars per employee. An employee generally doesn’t operate at full efficiency until he or she has been working for at least 5 months. Longer term employees also offer more expertise and better customer service, which helps increase revenues. Customers love shopping at places with engaged em-ployees. Raising the minimum wage is smart busi-ness strategy. I can’t hire anyone unless peo-ple buy our products. People like me start companies to fulfill the needs and desires of consumers. These needs and desires are not created by entrepreneurs; rather they are fulfilled by entrepreneurs. When workers’ purses and wallets have more money in them, they spend more at local businesses. Increased consumer spending means more entrepreneurs start companies, the economy grows, and more wealth is created at all lev-els. One of the best quotes I’ve heard on job creation was, ‘‘For a CEO to take credit for job creation is like a squirrel taking credit for evolution.’’ Contrary to what some CEOs claim, raising the minimum wage will actu-ally create jobs, not cut them. Many full-time hourly workers who are paid the minimum wage are also dependent on government subsidies, as the current min-imum wage is not a living wage. A low min-imum wage essentially amounts to a tax- payer subsidy for incredibly profitable large corporations and industries. Want to see un-necessary government spending go down, raise the minimum wage! As a member of Business for a Fair Min-imum Wage, I can share that raising the minimum wage has strong support from the business community. To summarize, raising the minimum wage will increase American productivity, decrease the number of full- time workers on government entitlement programs, grow consumer spending and the economy, increase wealth, and improve the lives of hard working people. It’s time we raise the minimum wage to $12 by 2020. 
WRITTEN REMARKS FROM SHERRY STEWART  
DEUTSCHMANN , FOUNDER AND CEO , 
LETTERLOGIC , INC. AND COUNCIL MEMBER , NA-
TIONAL WOMEN ’S BUSINESS COUNCIL  Submitted to the House Education & the Workforce Committee Minority Panel on the Business and Economic—Case for Rais-ing the Minimum Wage, April 27, 2016 Representative Scott, thank you for invit-ing me to speak today. It is an honor. My name is Sherry Stewart Deutschmann and I am the founder and CEO of LetterLogic, a small business in Nashville, TN. I am also a member of the National Women’s Business Council, a small group of female business leaders whose role is to ad-vise the Small Business Administration, the President, and Congress on issues related to female entrepreneurship. Please allow me to share some basic back-ground information on myself and my busi-ness. In 2002, as a single mom with only a high-school education, I cashed in my 401k and had a week-long yard sale to raise the capital needed to start my own company, LetterLogic, in the basement of my home. That bet on me turned out to be a good one because my company quickly outgrew my basement and is now a $36 Million company. Indeed, our growth has enabled us to be rec-ognized by INC Magazine as an INC 5000 com-pany for nine consecutive years, an honor be-stowed upon the fastest growing privately held companies in the US. My company processes and delivers patient billing statements for hospitals nationwide, doing so in both traditional print/mail for-mats and also electronically. Though our business has a high-tech component, most of our jobs are in the factory, where our em-ployees operate machinery that prints, folds, inserts, and then sorts over 235,000 bills each day. These positions could easily be filled at the minimum wage, which is $7.25 an hour in Tennessee. However, our entire business model was built on my belief that I could build a better company if I took extraor-dinary care of the employees. I believed that well-cared for employees could better focus on turning out a high quality product and impeccable service, and their loyalty and dedication would create a corresponding loy-alty among our clients. And, I believed that a loyal client base would happily pay a high-er price for the best service. Though we’ve always paid the highest wages in our industry, until a few years ago our entry-level pay was $12 an hour. At that time, we began looking at our employees and trying to understand the kind of life we were enabling them to create, and as our ‘‘litmus test’’ we used the following baseline: ‘‘If the two lowest-paid employees of LetterLogic got married, what kind of housing could they afford? Could they afford to start a family? What schools would their children attend? How much of their income could they save?’’ And, at that point, we raised our starting wage to $14 an hour, and then just a few months later, we raised it to $16. In the months since we increased our min-imum starting wage from $12 an hour to where it is now at $16 an hour, my company has grown from annual revenues of $27.5 Mil-lion to $36 Million, 25% growth over a 27– month period. But what happened to the bot-tom line is even more striking. In that same time frame, our net profit increased 300%. Yes, when we increased our minimum start-ing wage from $12 an hour to $16 an hour, our revenue increased by 25% and our profit mar-gin tripled. Yes, we made other smart busi-ness decisions that helped us achieve those results, but we believe that putting the needs of the employees above all else was a major contributor. Moreover, my fast-growth company has zero debt—also a factor we attribute to the financial results of paying our employees fairly. We are confident that our results are duplicable, that putting the needs of the em-ployees first is a great business model. Dur-ing the last three years, we’ve polled our cli-ents bi-annually and they express their hap-piness and loyalty when 100% of the respond-ents say they’d recommend us, and 99% say they rank our service as Excellent or Good. But they DEMONSTRATE their loyalty by staying with us. Indeed, over the last three years, our revenue churn rate has been only 3.2%. I’d also like to touch briefly on how a high-er minimum wage affects the local economy by sharing the story of Kim, a woman we hired a few years ago. She says this is the first workplace in her life that she is making enough money that she has to work only one job. She is now able to fully commit her en-ergy and attention to her job at LetterLogic, taking great care of our customers and bet-ter care of her family. And, she left an open position for someone else to fill. From my experience operating a small business, I can attest to the value of paying a living wage. When employees are paid a wage they can live on, they are better able to focus on the demands of their jobs. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.023 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2097 April 28, 2016 
quality of the goods and services they create are much better and build customer loyalty to the point where the company can be more profitable and sustainable. When I pay a starting wage of $16 plus ben-efits my employees have more money to spend at other businesses. The very least other businesses can do is pay a wage that allows their employees to afford the basics. My business can set a good example, but I can’t do it alone. The businesses with me in Business for a Fair Minimum Wage can’t do it alone. The federal minimum wage, which Tennessee follows, has not been raised since 2009. Increasing the minimum wage to $12 by 2020, as called for in the Raise the Wage Act, is an overdue step in raising the floor for businesses, communities and our economy. Raising the minimum wage will increase productivity and reduce the costly turnover that plagues so many short-sighted low-wage businesses. It will boost sales by putting more money in the pockets of workers who most need to spend it. Raising the minimum wage is good for business! 
THEIMPACT OF RAISING THE FEDERAL MIN-
IMUM WAGE TO $12 BY2020 ONWORKERS , B
USINESSES , AND THE ECONOMY  
TESTIMONY BEFORE THE U .S. HOUSE COMMITTEE  
ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE MEMBER  
FORUM  (By David Cooper, Senior Economic Analyst, Economic Policy Institute, April 27, 2016) Ranking Member Scott, members of the committee, and Members of the Democratic Caucus, thank you for inviting me to speak with you today. My name is David Cooper. I am the Senior Economic Analyst at the Eco-nomic Policy Institute (EPI), a nonpartisan, nonprofit research organization that focuses on improving the economic conditions of low- and middle-income workers and their families. I am going to speak today about the appro-priateness of a $12 federal minimum wage in 2020, and what the research tells us about the effect of raising the minimum wage on work-ers, businesses, and the economy. First, it cannot be emphasized enough that the current federal minimum wage of $7.25 is incredibly low by every relevant benchmark. In 1968, the high point of the federal min-imum wage in inflation-adjusted terms, the minimum wage was equal to roughly $10 an hour in today’s dollars. (Using the Bureau of Labor Statistic’s longest-running measure of inflation, it was worth $10.95 in today’s dol-lars; using the Bureau’s current method for measuring inflation, it was worth about $9.60.) This means that minimum wage work-ers today are paid between a quarter and a third less than what similar jobs paid almost 50 years ago, depending on how you measure inflation. As a consequence, the majority of low- wage workers in America today must rely on federal and state public assistance programs in order to afford their basic needs: 53 per-cent of workers earning less than $12 an hour rely on some form of means-tested govern-ment assistance—such as food stamps, Med-icaid, refundable tax credits, and housing and energy subsidies. The federal govern-ment spends over $78 billion dollars each year to support the families of workers earn-ing less than $12 an hour, and this is un-doubtedly an underestimate because it does not include the value of Medicaid or pre-mium subsidies in healthcare exchanges. To be clear, these dollars are going to workers and families who desperately need this sup-port and if anything, our anti-poverty pro-grams need to be strengthened and expanded. Yet there is considerable savings to be had in these programs if businesses were simply held to the same standard to which they were held in the 1960s. In a paper EPI re-leased last year, we estimated that federal antipoverty programs would save $17 billion annually if the minimum wage were raised to $12 by 2020. That very savings could be used to strengthen government’s antipoverty tools. The current minimum wage is also excep-tionally low relative to the pay of typical workers. In the 1960s, the minimum wage was equal to just over half of the median full- time wage in the United States (between 52 and 55 percent of the median, depending upon how one measures wages). Today, the federal minimum wage is equal to roughly 36 per-cent of the median wage. This means that someone working at or near the minimum wage is much farther away from a middle class job than similar workers a generation ago. Sometimes it is said that minimum wage jobs are just starter jobs for young peo-ple entering the labor force. First of all, we know that is not true—the average age of workers that would get a raise from a min-imum wage increase to $12 is 35 years old and the vast majority (90 percent) are 20 or older. Yet even in cases where it is true, those young people are starting off their careers much further from the middle class than young people of previous generations. Raising the federal minimum wage to $12 by 2020, as the Raise the Wage Act would do, would restore the national wage floor to the same relative position that it had in the late 1960s. Under conservative assumptions for wage growth at the median, $12 in 2020 would be equal to roughly 54 percent of the full- time median wage, bringing low-wage work-ers closer to the pay of a middle-class job, and helping undo some of the growth in wage inequality that has taken place since 1968. Whenever increasing the minimum wage is discussed, there is always concern that doing so might hurt job growth or imperil busi-nesses that employ low-wage workers. In the 22 times the federal minimum wage has been raised, and the over 300 times that states or localities have raised their minimum wages just since the 1980, these concerns have never materialized. The effect of increasing the minimum wage on employment is probably the most studied topic in labor economics, and the consensus of the literature is that moderate increases in the minimum wage have little to no effect on employment. In fact, this was the conclusion of a letter signed by over 600 PhD economists—includ-ing 8 winners of the Nobel Prize—sent to the leaders of both houses of Congress in 2014. The letter stated, ‘‘In recent years there have been important developments in the academic literature on the effect of increases in the minimum wage on employment, with the weight of evidence now showing that in-creases in the minimum wage have had little or no negative effect on the employment of minimum-wage workers, even during times of weakness in the labor market. The most detailed study in recent years of the minimum wage’s effects was published in a 2014 book by economists Dale Belman and Paul Wolfson. Belman and Wolfson con-ducted a meta-analysis (a study of studies) of over 200 scholarly papers on the minimum wage published since 1991. They conclude that ‘‘modest minimum wage increases raise wages for the working poor without substan-tially affecting employment or work hours, providing solid benefits with small costs.’’ (p.401) Belman and Wolfson’s book was subse-quently awarded Princeton University’s Bowen award for the book making the most important contribution toward under-standing public policy related to the oper-ation of labor markets. In recent years, research has found not only that have minimum wage increases have had no measurable negative effects, but they have often produced positive effects on the functioning of the low-wage labor mar-ket. Higher minimum wages tend to reduce turnover and increase job tenure among low- wage workers—leading to productivity im-provements and lower turnover costs at af-fected businesses. Most importantly, research has consist-ently shown that raising the minimum wage boosts the pay of low-wage workers who typically come from low- and moderate-in-come households. Because these households typically spend a larger portion of their in-come than wealthier households, the rising wage floor can provide a modest boost to consumer spending, generating new business activity, particularly in lower-income areas where consumer demand is more depressed. And this is true even if some firms have to enact small price increases as a result of the higher minimum wage. Pay raises for low- wage workers resulting from higher min-imum wages are vastly larger than any re-sulting price increases—typically by a factor of more than 10 to 1. This is because labor costs are only one piece of businesses’ over-all operating costs, and as previously noted, raising pay simultaneously generates sav-ings from higher productivity and lower turnover. In summary, raising the minimum wage to $12 by 2020 would boost the wages of tens of millions of American workers, increase low- income households’ buying power, reduce re-liance on federal assistance programs, and bring the wage floor back up to the same rel-ative value it had in the 1960s. The research indicates that such an increase would not be overly burdensome on businesses or hamper job growth, and could, in fact, strengthen the consumer demand that drives the U.S. economy. I strongly encourage Congress to pass the Raise the Wage Act. 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, it is past time for Congress to raise the Fed-eral minimum wage. We learned yes-terday that, of the people who would most be impacted by raising the min-imum wage, only 10 percent are teens, as opposed to a popular misconception. In fact, the average age affected is 35, and 56 percent are women. In addition, nearly one-third of all Hispanics and one-third of all African Americans would get a raise by enacting this act, and 30 percent of working mothers would get a raise. It is time that we stand up for hard-working people all across America and give them a well-deserved and long- overdue raise. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the State of Cali-fornia, my home State of California, for yielding. I am glad to stand here today in sup-port of the Raise the Wage Act. I want to thank my colleagues for standing with me today to promote the benefits of increasing the minimum wage. While critics warn of mass layoffs and economic calamity, studies con-sistently show that a higher minimum wage will stimulate the economy and lift workers out of poverty. We cannot allow ideology and par-tisanship to stop millions of workers from earning a living wage. A report on poverty in my own community, which my office produced last year, revealed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.030 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2098 April 28, 2016 
the urgency of this issue. Here is what we found: Last year, a single parent of two kids working full time at the minimum wage in Riverside, California, was like-ly to fall $600 short of what they need to get by every month. Not only does this situation violate the premise of the American Dream that working hard and playing by the rules will land you in the middle class, it also dam-ages our economy. A University of California, Berkeley study found that low wages cost Amer-ican taxpayers $152 billion each year on social welfare programs for working families. We are effectively subsidizing companies that do not pay their work-ers a living wage. Now, there is a myth—a myth—that the typical minimum wage earner is a high school student, a high school stu-dent living at home working part time. But young people make up just a tiny fraction of the minimum wage work-force. Eighty-nine percent of workers who would benefit from a Federal min-imum wage increase to $12 per hour are actually age 20 or older. Nearly 40 per-cent of this workforce is older than 40. These are not kids on a summer job. These are parents who are seeking to provide for their children. With more money in their pockets, these workers could take a few extra trips to the gro-cery store, buy new school supplies for their children, or save up to buy a home, all of which would help stimu-late our economy. All of us have expressed serious con-cerns about rising income inequality in our communities. We all understand that the economy has been thrown out of balance because the rules that pro-tect workers from exploitation have at-rophied over time. The minimum wage is a clear example of that trend. The real value of the Federal min-imum wage has declined 24 percent since 1968. Workers are not worth 24 percent less than they were 50 years ago, and families cannot get by with 24 percent less than they did 50 years ago. Raising the minimum wage is not only good policy, it is popular policy. Paying workers a living wage reduces turnover, improves worker morale, and increases productivity. For those rea-sons, a poll by the American Sustain-able Business Council found that 60 percent of small-business owners sup-port raising the minimum wage to $12 an hour by 2020. And most revealing, the Republican pollster Frank Luntz found that 80 percent of business execu-tives support raising the minimum wage. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article from The Washington Post describing this secret poll done by Frank Luntz of these business execu-tives—the very one I mentioned in my remarks—that found that 80 percent of business executives support increasing the minimum wage. [From the Washington Post, Apr. 4, 2016] L
EAKED DOCUMENTS SHOWSTRONG BUSINESS  S
UPPORT FOR RAISING THE MINIMUM WAGE 
SO WHY DO MOST CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE  
STILL OPPOSE IT ? (By Lydia DePillis) Whenever minimum wage increases are proposed on the state or federal level, busi-ness groups tend to fight them tooth and nail. But actual opposition may not be as united as the groups’ rhetoric might make it appear, according to internal research con-ducted by a leading consultant for state chambers of commerce. The survey of 1,000 business executives across the country was conducted by LuntzGlobal, the firm run by Republican pollster Frank Luntz, and obtained by a lib-eral watchdog group called the Center for Media and Democracy. (The slide deck is here, and the full questionnaire is here.) Among the most interesting findings: 80 per-cent of respondents said they supported rais-ing their state’s minimum wage, while only eight percent opposed it. ‘‘That’s where it’s undeniable that they support the increase,’’ LuntzGlobal man-aging director David Merritt told state chamber executives in a webinar describing the results, noting that it squares with other polling they’ve done. ‘‘And this is universal. If you’re fighting against a minimum wage increase, you’re fighting an uphill battle, be-cause most Americans, even most Repub-licans, are okay with raising the minimum wage.’’ Merritt then provided some tips on how to defuse that support, such as suggesting other poverty-reduction methods like the Earned Income Tax Credit. ‘‘Where you might find some comfort if you are opposing it in your state is, ‘how big of a priority is it against other priorities?’’’ he said. ‘‘Most folks think there are bigger priorities. Creating more jobs rather than raising the minimum wage is a priority that most everyone agrees with. So when you put it up against other issues, you can find other alternatives and other things to focus on. But in isolation, and you ask about the minimum wage, it’s definitely a winner.’’ Sixty-three percent of respondents said they belong to a chamber of commerce, whether on the local, state, or federal level— suggesting that the groups’ public state-ments might be out of step with their mem-bers’ beliefs. The materials shed light on how some business trade associations operate, and why they’ve continued to oppose min-imum wage increases even as the rest of the public thaws towards them. The research had been commissioned by the Council of State Chambers, a small, non- political umbrella organization that coordi-nates messaging across the dozens of groups that make up its membership. The main pur-pose of the survey, says Council director Joe Crosby, had been to assess what the broader business community thinks about state chambers, and what kind of language they respond to best. (Under the terms of its con-tract, Crosby says, LuntzGlobal was forbid-den from discussing the survey publicly.) So why do state chambers, which are usu-ally the largest and most powerful business organizations represented in state capitols, seem so far apart from the broader business community when it comes to the minimum wage? Crosby argued that modest minimum wage hikes don’t impact the majority of chamber members, and so they actually tend to leave the issue to trade groups for retailers, hotels and restaurants, which employ most low- wage workers. ‘‘In chambers, historically, it’s more suc-cessful businesses that are in manufacturing and other higher wage industries,’’ Crosby says. ‘‘They tend to see themselves as the voice of business, but there are other groups that are focused on sectors that are focused on different wage mandates.’’ In the more liberal areas where minimum wage increases have succeeded, that’s often true: Broad-based business groups have hesi-tated to speak out too strongly against the popular measures, leaving those industries that are most affected out in the cold. In some instances, advocates have even targeted low-wage service industries first—a hotel wage ordinance passed in Los Angeles before the across-the-board increase, for ex-ample, and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo raised wages for fast food workers before launching a campaign to do so for all work-ers (which New York City-based chambers of commerce actually supported). But in most states, chambers of commerce haven’t been as shy in their opposition to minimum wage hikes. Pennsylvania Cham-ber of Business and Industry president Gene Barr says he canvasses his members regu-larly on lots of issues, and they are against raising the state’s minimum wage above where it still sits at the federal floor of $7.25—even the big, high-tech industries that already pay well above it. ‘‘Our larger businesses get that,’’ said Barr, who sat through the LuntzGlobal pres-entation. ‘‘We don’t get pushback saying that ‘you really need to get behind a min-imum wage increase,’ because they under-stand that it’s really not appropriate.’’ Minnesota Chamber of Commerce presi-dent Doug Loon says his members’ opinions don’t match those of the LuntzGlobal sur-vey—including those regarding requirements that businesses offer benefits like paid pater-nity leave, which 82 percent of respondents supported, or more paid sick leave, which 73 percent supported. The Minnesota Chamber has found that even those of its members who are offering those benefits would rather have the choice of whether to do so, and how. ‘‘It’s what most employers are moving to,’’ Loon says. ‘‘Do we need to pass a one-size- fits-all on sick leave? We would argue that we do not.’’ So Loon and Barr say they’re just fol-lowing their members’ wishes. Some business groups have a different perspective—but don’t necessarily have the power to combat a state chamber when it puts its mind to something. The South Carolina Small Business Cham-ber of Commerce has supported a higher min-imum wage, but its president Frank Knapp says his members simply don’t have the bandwidth to push for it, with so many other issues on their plate. ‘‘When you actually talk to those people one on one, you find that yeah they’re fine with raising the min-imum wage,’’ Knapp says. ‘‘But they’re not going to crusade for the minimum wage.’’ That might be true of traditional chamber members too, Knapp thinks, many of whom mostly join for the networking benefits rath-er than the political advocacy aspect any-way. But within those groups, the industries that care most about a given policy matter— hotels and restaurants, in the case of the minimum wage—drive the organization’s agenda. ‘‘Usually the most vocal members of the state chambers dominate on that par-ticular issue, and everybody else stays quiet,’’ Knapp says. When that happens, it’s easy for politicians and the public to get the idea that the pri-vate sector stands united against raising the minimum wage, when opinions are actually much more diverse. Holly Sklar is CEO of a national group called Business for a Fair Minimum Wage that favors raising the wage floor in states and nationwide, and she points to a number 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.048 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2099 April 28, 2016 
of surveys by reputable pollsters—from CareerBuilder, Small Business Majority, and the American Sustainable Business Coun-cil—that found most businesses agree Many of those businesses don’t join state cham-bers, which means their opinions don’t filter up to the organization’s leadership, so its po-sitions don’t change—and that’s what gets conveyed to politicians. ‘‘Sometimes you end up confused by the fact that someone has enough money to be in the halls of the state senate, day after day after day, funded by some of the bigger cor-porations that have more of an investment in the status quo,’’ Sklar says. ‘‘It has an im-pact on how it’s perceived—you start think-ing that’s what business thinks.’’ 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to listen to their con-stituents, listen to these businessowners, and raise the min-imum wage. It is past time that we took this action to improve the lives of millions of working Americans and strengthen our economy. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague. I am proud to join with him this afternoon to talk about an issue of critical importance to the peo-ple of this Nation. Obviously, I want to be very, very clear about the issue of a rise in our minimum wage. For the length of time that I have served in this body, which is for 25 years, I have been a strong supporter of increasing the minimum wage. I believe that it has sustained America’s working families and it is justified, which is why I strongly sup-port the Raise the Wage Act. We need to index the minimum wage. It needs to keep up with inflation. It is long past time that this gets done. Time goes on, costs increase, and the minimum wage ought to increase. We can’t afford to settle for the status quo. Full-time, year-round work at the current minimum wage of $7.25 leaves a family of three below the Federal pov-erty line. This disproportionately, by the way, hurts women, who make up nearly two out of three workers mak-ing the minimum wage. This means low-wage workers have to work longer hours just to achieve the standard of living that was considered the bare minimum almost a half century ago. The greatest economic challenge that faces our Nation today is that too many Americans are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live on. Rais-ing the minimum wage would directly or indirectly lift wages for more than 35 million workers—or more than one in four in the United States. The Raise the Wage Act would lift 4.5 million Americans out of poverty and reduce income inequality. The low minimum wage, by the way, is not just bad for workers. It is bad for business, and it is bad for the entire economy. Low wages limit consumer demand, which stalls our country’s economic growth. That hurts everyone. A raise is long overdue for hard-working Americans if you realize, be-tween 1948 and 1973, productivity and compensation grew at nearly equal rates; but from 1973 to 2014, American workers’ productivity grew by 72 per-cent—they were producing more—while hourly worker compensation grew by just 9 percent. Wages for the top 1 percent have grown 138 percent since 1979, while wages for the bottom 90 percent have only grown 15 percent. We have an op-portunity to make a real step toward closing this gap. There is a broad and growing con-sensus on a need to raise the wage. In a poll—and my colleagues have ref-erenced this poll. This is a poll of busi-ness executives, and I think they were trying to hide it. I don’t think that they wanted to get it out. But business executives—and this is a poll con-ducted by Frank Luntz, who is a Re-publican pollster, and he found that 80 percent supported raising the Federal minimum wage. If our colleagues across the aisle want to make a real impact on poverty in the United States, they would sup-port legislation that helps working families cope with rising costs like the Raise the Wage Act. The American peo-ple have waited long enough. It is time to make sure that all of our workers can make decent pay for a hard day’s work, get a decent day’s pay. I urge my colleagues to pass this leg-islation. Also, if I can, Mr. Speaker, Repub-licans contend that they can’t raise the wage because doing so would kill jobs. So I include in the R
ECORD a paper from the National Employment Law Project describing, among other re-search, two meta-studies on the effect of the minimum wage on employment. 
EMPLOYMENT AND BUSINESS EFFECTS OF  M
INIMUM WAGEINCREASES  
INTRODUCTION  While the U.S. economy continues to see steady growth, wages have been flat or fall-ing for much of the labor force. This dy-namic has spurred the most significant wave of action to raise the minimum wage in fifty years, with momentum for significant in-creases at the federal, state and local levels. The growing momentum for raising the min-imum wage has focused attention on the im-pact of higher minimum wages on employ-ment levels. Supporters argue that higher minimum wages help workers and the econ-omy, and that research shows any adverse ef-fect on jobs is minimal. Opponents, by con-trast, generally contend that higher wages will reduce employment or slow job growth. The fact that many states and cities in the U.S. have raised their minimum wages in re-cent years while others have not has created a rich store of data for research and analysis and has made the minimum wage one of the most studied questions in economics. This brief reviews the extensive body of re-search on the impact of higher minimum wages in the U.S. over the past twenty years and draws these key findings: The bulk of rigorous research examining hundreds of case studies of minimum wage increases at the state and local levels finds that raising the minimum wage boosts in-comes for low-paid workers without reducing overall employment job growth to any sig-nificant degree. The minority of researchers reaching dif-ferent conclusions rely on less precise or flawed methodologies that fail to take ad-vantage of the most recent advancements in economic research. Businesses are able to absorb the cost of paying higher wages without reducing em-ployment through a range of channels, in-cluding savings from increased employee productivity and reductions in employee turnover that consistently result from min-imum wage increases. The minimum wage is one of the most studied subjects in the field of economics. Since the early 1990s, economists—armed with richer data than previously available and the computational power to analyze it— have conducted scores of studies in an effort to better understand the employment effects of raising the minimum wage. Many of these studies, often referred to as the ‘‘new min-imum wage research,’’ have used sophisti-cated methodologies that control for vari-ables unrelated to the minimum wage—such as regional employment trends not driven by minimum wage changes—that otherwise may bias a study’s findings. The results over-whelmingly suggest that raising the min-imum wage has very little effect on employ-ment. Most prominently, two leading ‘‘meta- studies’’ survey and pool the data from over four decades of research. The meta-studies represent the most reliable and sophisticated approaches to studying the employment im-pact of raising the minimum wage, as they aggregate data from dozens of studies con-taining thousands of different estimates of the employment impacts of minimum wage increases. The first meta-study, by Hristos Doucouliagos and T.D. Stanley (2009), shows that there is ‘‘little or no significant impact of minimum wage increases on employ-ment,’’ as noted by the Center for Economic and Policy Research in its review of the min-imum wage literature. This is illustrated in Figure 1, which arrays 1,492 different find-ings from 64 different studies, mapping their conclusions on employment impacts against the statistical precision of the findings. As economist Jared Bernstein summarizes, ‘‘the strong clumping around zero [impact on jobs] provides a useful summary of decades of research on this question [of whether min-imum wage increases cost jobs]. Drawing on the methodological insights of Doucouliagos and Stanley, the second meta- study by Dale Belman and Paul Wolfson (2014) reviews more than 70 studies and 439 distinct estimates to come to a very similar conclusion: ‘‘[i]t appears that if negative ef-fects on employment are present, they are too small to be statistically detectable. Such effects would be too modest to have mean-ingful consequences in the dynamically changing labor markets of the United States,’’ and too small to merit policy or po-litical controversy. In addition to these meta-studies, state-of- the-art individual studies have developed new research methods to enable economists to better isolate and analyze the actual im-pact of minimum wage increases—and have confirmed that raising the minimum wage does not reduce employment. Two of these leading individual studies are: ‘‘Minimum Wage Effects Across State Bor-ders,’’ in which economists Arindrajit Dube, T. William Lester and Michael Reich (2010) apply innovative new research methods to examine the real-world impact of state min-imum wage increases on employment. In order to completely isolate other factors in-fluencing state job growth trends, the study compares employment trends in neighboring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.038 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2100 April 28, 2016 
counties that are economically similar ex-cept for having different minimum wages (by virtue of being on different sides of a state border). The study looks at employment lev-els among every pair of neighboring U.S. counties that had differing minimum wage levels at any time between 1990 and 2006—and finds that higher minimum wages did not lead business in those states to reduce their hiring or shift their hiring to neighboring counties with lower minimum wage rates. ‘‘Do Minimum Wages Really Reduce Teen Employment?,’’ in which economists Sylvia Allegretto, Arindrajit Dube and Michael Reich (2011) demonstrate that neglecting to control for regional employment trends leads observers to erroneously attribute re-ductions in employment in certain states to an increase in the minimum wage. They find that, after controlling for regional trends, the negative effects on teen employment in regions with higher minimum wages not only disappeared, but turned slightly posi-tive, and that these observations hold true whether the economy is growing or in a downturn. The fact that there is no evidence that past U.S. minimum wage increases have reduced teen employment is significant since, if there were any adverse effects asso-ciated with minimum wage increases, one might expect to see them among teens who are new entrants to the labor market. The innovative approach used by Dube, Lester and Reich in the 2010 study has won praise from leading labor economists at top universities, such as Harvard economist Lawrence Katz and Massachusetts Institute of Technology economists David Autor and Michael Greenstone. As Autor explained, ‘‘The paper presents a fairly irrefutable case that state minimum wage laws do raise earn-ings in low wage jobs but do not reduce em-ployment to any meaningful degree. Beyond this substantive contribution, the paper pre-sents careful and compelling reanalysis of earlier work in this literature, showing that it appears biased by spatial correlation in employment trends.’’ The new body of research has led to a shift in the views of mainstream economists on the employment impact of minimum wage increases. Indicative is a February 2013 poll of leading economists by the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business, in which economists by a more than 3 to 1 margin be-lieve that the benefits of raising the min-imum wage and indexing it for inflation out-weigh any costs. Similarly, centrist econo-mists, including Larry Summers and Robert Rubin, have called for raising the minimum wage and empowering workers as part of a strategy to help grow the middle class and move the economy forward; and Goldman Sachs released an analysis of minimum wage increases, which did not mention disemployment at all—neither as an imme-diate effect, nor as a forecast. The shrinking body of economic research that continues to argue that increases in the minimum wage cost jobs emanates in large part from a single source: University of Cali-fornia-Irvine economist David Neumark. Neumark is the author of both a survey that claims that the weight of minimum wage re-search points towards evidence of job losses, and of several studies that claim to show the same. However, both Neumark’s survey and the methodology he uses in his individual studies have been shown to be skewed and in-accurate. Neumark’s 2006 survey (coauthored with William Wascher), ‘‘Minimum Wages and Employment: A Review of Evidence from the New Minimum Wage Research,’’ maintains that 85 percent of the ‘‘most credible’’ re-search on the impact of raising the minimum wage finds job losses as a result. However, other economists have pointed out that this survey—which is not a true meta-study—was conducted in a highly subjective manner, generating its unrepresentative conclusions. Specifically, Neumark’s survey: 1. Fails to comprehensively review the eco-nomic research on the impact of raising the minimum wage, and instead selects just 33 studies that the author subjectively des-ignates as the ‘‘most credible;’’ 2. Omits several of the most important re-cent studies on the impact of minimum wage increases in the United States, with the re-sult that half of the studies analyzed by Neumark focus on foreign labor markets, rendering their conclusions less relevant to the U.S.; and 3. Is skewed towards Neumark’s own re-search, which makes up a full 26 percent of the U.S.-based studies that he elects to in-clude. Neumark’s research, as well as the few other studies which continue to maintain that minimum wage increases cost jobs, have used variants on a single approach: com-paring job growth in states with higher min-imum wages against job growth in states with lower minimum wages. However, as demonstrated by Dube, Lester and Reich (2010) and Allegretto, Dube and Reich (2011), Neumark’s simplistic approach cannot accurately assess the impact of a higher minimum wage since It does not ade-quately control for the wide range of varying local economic conditions—such as regional trends in manufacturing jobs losses, popu-lation shifts to the sun belt, and the local se-verity of economic shocks such as the hous-ing bubble collapse—that affect job growth in state labor markets. As a result of these inadequate controls, Neumark and other conservative economists erroneously at-tribute differences in regional job growth levels to minimum wage differences. More recent and sophisticated research does a better job of controlling for those re-gional economic differences. The 2010 study by Dube, Lester and Reich, for example, uses a methodology similar to Neumark’s. But rather than comparing job growth rates among all states nationwide, it focuses on comparisons among states in the same re-gion of the country that have differing min-imum wages. Dube, Lester and Reich show that when one uses a regional focus to con-trol for extraneous economic trends, any evi-dence of job losses disappear. The strength of the new research has led major business publications to endorse its findings and methodologies—and to reject opposition research as faulty and inaccurate. In 2012, Bloomberg News, for example, called for increasing the minimum wage and index-ing it for inflation, writing that, ‘‘[a] wave of new economic research is disproving those arguments about job losses and youth em-ployment. Previous studies tended not to control for regional economic trends that were already affecting employment levels, such as a manufacturing-dependent state that was shedding jobs. The new research looks at micro-level employment patterns for a more accurate employment picture. The studies find minimum-wage increases even provide an economic boost, albeit a small one, as strapped workers immediately spend their raises.’’ Despite the advances made in new research on the minimum wage, in 2014 the Congres-sional Budget Office (CBO) published a re-port, based partially on older research, sug-gesting that an increase in the minimum wage would reduce total U.S. employment by about 500,000 workers—though it acknowl-edged the possibility of an impact ranging from near-zero to one million jobs lost. Economists who have studied the minimum wage, however, have criticized the report for a major flaw in its analysis: Despite ac-knowledging the greater accuracy of newer methodologies, in its synthesis of minimum wage studies the CBO gave equal weight to older methodologies as to new, without ex-plaining its reason for doing so. Michael Reich—one of the critics of the re-port and coauthor of two of the studies dis-cussed above—notes the CBO erred when it took the findings of research by Neumark/ Wascher and Reich/Dube and averaged them, as if those studies were similar enough in methodology, time and data sets used to jus-tify doing so. He writes, ‘‘We conclude, and many other labor economists agree, that our studies invalidate the previous approach used in many studies by Neumark and Wascher and others. It makes no sense to take an average between a rigorous study and one that has been shown to be flawed.’’ Giving equal weight to these studies likely biased the CBO’s conclusions. Goldman Sachs analysts also reviewed the CBO report and concluded that its job loss estimates are overstated. The analysts cite the findings of the new minimum wage re-search, which find little to no effects on em-ployment (see the first section of this brief); a boost in demand from higher earnings; a concentration of employment impacts on only two industries (retail and leisure & hos-pitality); and the fact that states and local-ities have taken the lead in increasing the minimum wage in the face of congressional inaction, as reasons the CBO estimates are likely too high. Even with its flawed analysis, taken as a whole the CBO report nonetheless dem-onstrates that the benefits of raising the minimum wage far outweigh any drawbacks. Among its positive findings, the report con-cluded that 24.5 million workers would ben-efit from a wage increase to $10.10, and near-ly one million would be lifted out of poverty. In January 2014, House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner made the following claim in explaining his opposition to raising the minimum wage: ‘‘When you raise the cost of something, you get less of it.’’ This idea seems intuitive to many who learned about supply and demand in an introductory economics class. But in fact, both research and real life experiences show that, rather than automatically raising costs and forcing layoffs, higher wages can lead to significant savings for businesses, offsetting a large por-tion of the higher payroll costs. Among the leading factors explaining this seemingly counter-intuitive observation are two re-lated concepts: employee turnover and pro-ductivity. Low wages are associated with high levels of employee turnover. Workers earning low wages tend to be less committed to their jobs than better paid workers and are less likely to stay at their jobs for long. Unsurprisingly, the accommodations and food services sec-tor—one of the lowest-paying sectors—has an annual turnover rate of nearly 63 percent, while ‘‘limited service restaurants’’—a sub-sector which includes fast food restaurants like McDonald’s and Burger King—have a turnover rate of well over 100 percent each year. The retail trade, which employs cash-iers, customer service representatives, stock clerks and other low-wage workers, has a turnover rate of nearly 50 percent. Employee turnover forces businesses to constantly find and train new workers, cost-ing firms significant amounts of money and time. In the fast food industry, the cost of turnover is approximately $4,700 each time a worker leaves his or her job. Studies show that higher wages can substantially reduce turnover and the costs associated with re-placing lost workers. In the fast food indus-try, increasing the minimum wage could lead to as much as $5.2 billion in cost savings to businesses and as many as 1.1 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.040 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2101 April 28, 2016 
fewer separations. Overall, savings from re-duced turnover alone can offset as much as 30 percent of the cost of a minimum wage in-crease—even to $15 per hour. Low pay also impacts productivity. While experienced workers tend to be more produc-tive, new workers may not be as optimally efficient during their training period, and this can incur indirect costs to businesses from lost sales and imperfect customer serv-ice as new workers learn on the job. While the savings from greater productivity and lower turnover may not fully pay for a min-imum wage increase, these savings can none-theless substantially offset the higher labor costs associated with an increase. The benefits from higher productivity and lower turnover helps explain why large com-panies as well as many small businesses have chosen to invest in higher wages as part of a highly competitive business strategy. As MIT business school professor Zeynep Ton explains, ‘‘Highly successful retail chains— such as QuikTrip convenience stores, Mercadona and Trader Joe’s supermarkets, and Costco wholesale clubs—not only invest heavily in store employees but also have the lowest prices in their industries, solid finan-cial performance, and better customer serv-ice than their competitors. They have dem-onstrated that, even in the lowest-price seg-ment of retail, bad jobs are not a cost-driven necessity but a choice. And they have proven that the key to breaking the trade-off is a combination of investment in the workforce and operational practices that benefit em-ployees, customers, and the company.’’ Many employers can afford to pay better wages. The vast majority of small businesses (89 percent) already pay their employees more than the federal minimum wage, a strong majority (60 percent) support raising the minimum wage to $12 and adjusting it for inflation each year, and a growing num-ber of employers see $15 as a fair minimum wage. Many also believe that higher wages level the playing field by preventing larger or less scrupulous firms from gaining a com-petitive advantage through very low labor costs. Large businesses, in particular, are in the position to improve their wages. Cor-porations like Walmart, T.J. Maxx, Gap and Ikea, which employ the majority of low-wage workers, have been enjoying record profits for years. According to the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank, in the second quarter of 2015, corporate profits amounted to $1.8 trillion— the highest since the late 1940s. 
CONCLUSION  ‘‘When employers stop thinking about em-ployees as costs to cut, but instead as cus-tomers, they see it is in their self-interest to raise the minimum wage. We need to change their concept of self-interest.’’—Nick Hanauer, entrepreneur and venture capi-talist. The most recent and sophisticated re-search—as well as the experiences of leading employers like Trader Joe’s, Costco and thousands of small businesses—strongly sug-gest that higher wages increase incomes for low-wage workers without reducing overall employment or hurting businesses. Not only do employers benefit from the savings they accrue from lower turnover and higher pro-ductivity; they also benefit from an increase in demand for the goods and services they offer. As observers from Nick Hanauer to Larry Summers point out, workers are cus-tomers—and the better a worker’s ability to participate in the economy as a consumer, the better off will be both individual busi-nesses and the economy as a whole. 
Ms. D ELAURO. This document exam-ined 64 minimum wage studies meas-uring the effect of minimum wages on teenage employment in the United States published between 1972 and 2007. While these studies estimated a range of employment effects, Mr. Stanley and Mr. Doucouliagos found the most pre-cise estimates in the studies were around zero or near zero employment effects. b1600 The second is from Paul Wolfson and Dale Belman. It examined studies pub-lished since 2007 on the employment ef-fect on minimum wage increases. This meta-analysis also found that the best estimates in the compiled studies re-vealed no statistically significant neg-ative employment effects. We all have listened over many years that any increase in the minimum wage would, my gosh, send the U.S. economy into a tailspin, and every time it has proven false. It was false then; it is false now. Let us raise the minimum wage, and let us support the Raise the Wage Act. I thank my colleague from California for including me in this Special Order. Mr. DESAULNIER. My pleasure. I thank my colleague from Connecticut for her passionate advocacy on this issue and on others around wage in-equality. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter sent to President Obama and signed by over 600 economists, includ-ing seven Nobel Prize winners, stating that the most recent economic re-search shows that increases in the min-imum wage have little or no negative effect on the employment of minimum wage workers. In fact, the letter goes on to read that a minimum wage in-crease could have a stimulative effect on the economy as low-wage workers spend their additional earnings, thus increasing consumer demand and lead-ing companies to hire additional work-ers. 
OVER 600 E CONOMISTS SIGNLETTER INSUP-
PORT OF $10.10 M INIMUM WAGE: ECONOMIST  S
TATEMENT ON THE FEDERAL MINIMUM  W
AGE D
EAR MR. PRESIDENT , SPEAKER BOEHNER , M
AJORITY LEADER REID, CONGRESSMAN CAN-
TOR, SENATOR MCCONNELL , AND CONGRESS -
WOMAN PELOSI : July will mark five years since the federal minimum wage was last raised. We urge you to act now and enact a three-step raise of 95 cents a year for three years—which would mean a minimum wage of $10.10 by 2016—and then index it to protect against inflation. Senator Tom Harkin and Representative George Miller have intro-duced legislation to accomplish this. The in-crease to $10.10 would mean that minimum- wage workers who work full time, full year would see a raise from their current salary of roughly $15,000 to roughly $21,000. These pro-posals also usefully raise the tipped min-imum wage to 70% of the regular minimum. This policy would directly provide higher wages for close to 17 million workers by 2016. Furthermore, another 11 million workers whose wages are just above the new min-imum would likely see a wage increase through ‘‘spillover’’ effects, as employers ad-just their internal wage ladders. The vast majority of employees who would benefit are adults in working families, disproportion-ately women, who work at least 20 hours a week and depend on these earnings to make ends meet. At a time when persistent high unemployment is putting enormous down-ward pressure on wages, such a minimum- wage increase would provide a much-needed boost to the earnings of low-wage workers. In recent years there have been important developments in the academic literature on the effect of increases in the minimum wage on employment, with the weight of evidence now showing that increases in the minimum wage have had little or no negative effect on the employment of minimum-wage workers, even during times of weakness in the labor market. Research suggests that a minimum- wage increase could have a small stimulative effect on the economy as low-wage workers spend their additional earnings, raising de-mand and job growth, and providing some help on the jobs front. Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I stand here as a fervent believer in what we have advocated for and as someone who has spent 35 years owning and managing restaurants in an area of the country in which the economy is grow-ing more rapidly than anywhere else in the country right now, which is the San Francisco Bay Area. With that background, I also speak to this as somebody who has a good deal of empathy for small-business owners, particularly restaurant own-ers, who are looking at monthly and quarterly business reports and are won-dering how they would accommodate the increase in the minimum wage. In California, of course, we are much higher than in the U.S., and many cit-ies, including San Francisco, have gone to $15 with an indexed minimum wage. I believe firmly in the research that shows that one of the biggest chal-lenges to small businesses, particularly in the restaurant field, is not the chal-lenge of minimum wage workers, but the fact that there is less disposable in-come in middle-income households to be able to have the discretion to go out and spend that disposable income in restaurants and on hospitality events. While I understand the angst, these are the kinds of things, once we take that step—from my experience and the ex-perience in California and in high-cost areas like New York and San Fran-cisco, which have gone ahead with rais-ing the minimum wage—that would in-dicate the overall benefit to the econ-omy and to everyone. Lastly, I think the challenge of this time for us domestically is, as I said, the inequality in the country. In a country in which the economy is based on 70 percent consumer investments, having more disposable income is a good thing. As President Lincoln once famously said: In order for this democ-racy to thrive, there must always be a balance between capital and labor; and if there is ever an imbalance towards capital, we have, in effect, lost democ-racy. There is no question that, at this point in time, capital investment is doing many great things, including in the bay area and in our venture capital community and in our innovation com-munity. In having said that, one does not have to read Thomas Piketty to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.040 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2102 April 28, 2016 
understand that we have a huge imbal-ance between wages and labor and cap-ital, which Lincoln warned about. I ask the majority party to work with us to raise the minimum wage in order to help the economy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
1-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE HBCU CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. B
YRNE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege and honor today to be a part of a Special Order on the 1-year anniversary of the bipartisan HBCU Caucus. For those who are listening or who are watching, let me make sure you understand that HBCU stands for Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities. That is what we will be talk-ing about today. I am the co-chair of this caucus, along with a Member of this body who came up with this idea and who has spearheaded this effort from the very beginning—she is the spirit behind it— Congresswoman A
LMA ADAMS from the great State of North Carolina. I yield to Congresswoman A
DAMS so that she may speak to this House and to the Nation about the importance of this topic and about the importance of HBCUs to the United States of Amer-ica. Ms. ADAMS. I thank Congressman B
YRNE . I appreciate the gentleman’s yielding to me and his work with this caucus. Mr. Speaker, today marks the first anniversary of the bipartisan Congres-sional Historically Black Colleges and Universities Caucus, known by many as the HBCU Caucus. As a retired 40-year educator from Bennett College in Greensboro, North Carolina, I have always believed that every young person who desires a col-lege education should get that oppor-tunity. Like many of the young people I taught at Bennett College for those four decades of my academic career, my story is one of perseverance. I was a first-generation college stu-dent at North Carolina A&T. I came to school like so many students today— not fully prepared to do college work. A&T gave me a chance because it be-lieved in opportunity and the funda-mental importance of education that W.E.B. Du Bois spoke about when he said: ‘‘Of all the civil rights for which the world has struggled and fought for 5,000 years, the right to learn is un-doubtedly the most fundamental.’’ That is why I advocate for HBCUs, for they advocated for me, and they in-vested in my success. There are more than 100 HBCUs in the United States that enroll more than 300,000 students per year. HBCUs are taking our students in—students like me and like you—from diverse backgrounds and are giving them a chance, a chance that other schools might not have given them. Many HBCU students are often like I was— first generation from low-income fami-lies—so we must ensure that all stu-dents, including those from economi-cally strained backgrounds, have ac-cess to a high-quality education and are equipped with the knowledge and the 21st century skills that they need to succeed. HBCUs do just that for so many students. HBCUs represent 3 per-cent of colleges and universities; yet we graduate 20 percent of African Americans with undergraduate degrees and 50 percent of African American educators. Despite these facts, HBCUs have historically been underfunded. There are many unique challenges that HBCUs and the students they serve face. Many students don’t have the luxury of being supported through school. Some have to work their way through, taking breaks along the way. It is imperative then that we work to-gether to ensure that these institu-tions not only have the resources that are necessary to encourage enrollment and increase the graduation rates among these students, but also that they are capable of preparing these young people for the workforce. That is why I launched the first bipartisan Congressional HBCU Caucus with my Republican co-chair and former Ala-bama Community College System Chancellor, Congressman BRADLEY  B
YRNE from Alabama. Representative B
YRNE , I thank you for being my co-chair. It is a pleasure to serve our HBCUs alongside of you. The purpose of the caucus is to cre-ate a national dialogue so as to educate other Members of Congress and their staffs about the issues that impact HBCUs as well as to address the needs of HBCUs and to support the students and graduates of these institutions by increasing access and career opportuni-ties. With the help of Representative B
YRNE , we have grown the caucus to 56 members now, from both sides of the aisle, over the course of this year. I am proud to announce that the caucus is now bicameral and has the support of my home State Senator, R
ICHARD BURR of North Carolina. Those of us in Congress have more to learn from our HBCU institutions and from the students who attend them. That is why, when we first launched the caucus, our first goal was to listen, and we did just that—we listened. We have held several staff briefings on var-ious topics that impact HBCUs. I hosted a roundtable in my district with presidents and representatives from 10 HBCUs in the 12th District of North Carolina. I hosted a roundtable in my district, as well, with the former Sec-retary of Education Arne Duncan as well as with presidents and representa-tives from HBCUs in the 12th District to make sure that their needs were heard. We hosted a diversity in the workforce event with Fortune 500 com-panies to discuss the role HBCUs play in graduating a skilled and diverse workforce while learning more about the programs that are currently avail-able to improve diversity at these com-panies. We surveyed members of the caucus and Members of Congress to find out what their priorities are for the reauthorization of the Higher Edu-cation Act, and we hosted conference calls with chancellors and presidents for their input. At the start of this year, we held a caucus meeting with the new Secretary of Education, Dr. John King, Jr., in order to share those priorities with him. Caucus members have been steadfast in crafting legislation to positively im-pact our HBCUs, which I am proud to support, from the America’s College Promise Act, which would grant any first-time student access to community college for free and sets aside special funding for HBCUs and other institu-tions that serve many low-income, first-generation college students, to the HBCU Historic Preservation Pro-gram, which would reauthorize funds for the preservation and restoration of historic buildings on these campuses. Recently, I introduced the HBCU In-novation Fund Act, which would pro-vide $250 million in competitive grants to these schools across the country in order to develop critical solutions to meet current and emerging needs, like student retention and improving grad-uation rates; but this is just the start, and it is, clearly, not the end of our work to support HBCUs. Many of the members of this bipar-tisan HBCU Caucus have long been champions for education and for our schools. This bipartisan caucus is just another step in the right direction as we join forces across the aisle so that we can truly make a difference and de-liver for our HBCUs: from Assistant Democratic Leader CLYBURN , who works to protect institutions like South Carolina State and who has helped start Centers of Excellence, which have had a tremendous impact on students in his State; to my ranking member on Education and the Work-force, Representative B
OBBY SCOTT, who has used his leadership position to be a national voice for all HBCUs and institutions of higher learning; to Rep-resentative E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , a leader in STEM education and a stead-fast voice for our students—and HBCUs in particular. To Congressional Black Caucus chair and my colleague from North Carolina, Representative G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , I thank him for making HBCUs a pri-ority for our Congressional Black Cau-cus and for Congress. To our Democrat vice chairs—Rep-resentative B
ENNIE THOMPSON and Rep-resentative T
ERRI SEWELL —and our Re-publican vice chairs—Representatives B
RUCE WESTERMAN and R ANDY  F
ORBES —who have all been fierce advo-cates for HBCUs in their districts, and to my colleagues—Representatives C
EDRIC RICHMOND and C ORRINE BROWN — 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.052 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2103 April 28, 2016 
who are co-chairs of the CBC’s HBCUs task force, they have all put HBCUs first and have brought Members and the administration to the table to highlight the issues of concern. Thank you to all of these Members for doing this good work and for bring-ing their expertise to the HBCU Cau-cus, because we couldn’t do it without strong leaders in our communities who represent these institutions. The Thurgood Marshall College Fund, an organization that supports the 47 publicly supported HBCUs, and the Thurgood Marshall Foundation played a critical role in the caucus’ in-ception, and their very own president, Johnny Taylor, was the host for the caucus launch. Thank you as well to the United Negro College Fund, which works to support the 37-member private Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities. The UNCF has been instrumental in widening the caucus’ reach and has helped provide more than $4.5 billion to help more than 400,000 students get col-lege degrees. So we thank Dr. Lomax and all of those who work with him. To the National Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Edu-cation, NAFEO, which has also re-mained a key advocate for our HBCUs and our students, thank you to that or-ganization and, also, to Lezli Basker-ville. I also congratulate the 1890 land grant institutions on their 125th anni-versary last year. I was honored to par-ticipate in the House Agriculture Com-mittee’s hearing, in July, with the presidents and leaders of those univer-sities, and I look forward to continuing to work with these organizations. We have come a long way this year, but with this crisis still existing in education and with those facing our HBCUs, we still have a long road ahead of us; so I look forward to growing this partnership with Representative B
YRNE  and with more Members from both Chambers and from both sides of the aisle. We can continue to collectively work together in a bipartisan fashion to make a difference for our HBCUs and to protect and advance the stu-dents they serve. b1615 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I can’t say enough about the leadership on this issue that Congresswoman A
DAMS has provided. She just did a terrific job of explaining to us all not just the progress that we have made over the last year, but the promise we have in the years to come to take this area and continue to move forward on it. What a rich tradition we have in this country with Historically Black Col-leges and Universities. I come from the State of Alabama. We are justifiably proud of the great institutions in our State. I can only tell you about a few, but let’s start with probably our flag-ship, which is Tuskegee University, worldwide famous and well known for so many different things. It is not just what its history is, al-though it is a rich and storied industry. It is also what it continues to do today and what Tuskegee will do in the fu-ture to enrich the lives of hundreds, yet tens of thousands, of people who have gone on in their lives and will go on in their lives to do great things for our State of Alabama and for the United States of America. I am blessed in my district to have Bishop State Community College. Bishop State is one of the public com-munity colleges in the State of Ala-bama. It was under my jurisdiction when I was the chancellor of post-sec-ondary education. It is rich in its own history with an incredibly important mission in our rapidly growing econ-omy in the Mobile area of providing the trained workforce for all of the business and industry that have been coming and is already there in our dis-trict. So Bishop State stands as a great symbol to me not just of what we are, but of what we can be as we work with these institutions throughout my State of Alabama, throughout the South, and throughout the Nation. I stand here not as a Black person, not as a Democrat, because this is not a White or Black issue. This is not a Democratic or a Republican issue. This is an American issue. This is about pro-viding opportunity for everyone in America. So often we talk about opportunity. Here is an example of where we are doing something about opportunity. We can open all the doors we want in America, but if the people of America or a small portion of the people of America can’t walk through those doors, then we don’t have real oppor-tunity. This Congress has few opportunities to really do the things that need to be done to help people. Here is one. Here is one where we can really do some-thing that will make a tremendous dif-ference. Congresswoman ADAMS really put her finger on it. There are many people that go to HBCUs who didn’t get there with the sort of support that they needed, who didn’t get there with the sort of academic preparation that they needed. Now, we can say: Oh, well. That is their problem and they just have to find some way to deal with it. Or we can understand that that is not just a problem for them, but that is a prob-lem for all of us. If we can work with them and help them with those problems through the programs that we have at these HBCUs, not only have we given that individual an opportunity to lift themselves up, but as they lift themselves up, they lift up our communities and they lift up our Nation. So I was very honored when Con-gresswoman A
DAMS came to me to ask me to participate in this very, very worthy endeavor with her. I know we have done some great things over the last year, but that is just a foretaste of what we can do in the years to come with her inspiration and with her lead-ership. We have a number of great members in this caucus. One of our most stead-fast members is one of the great lead-ers from the State of Florida, Rep-resentative GWENGRAHAM . I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ) for her to come forward and present to us her own background and her own feelings about HBCUs. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman B
YRNE and Congress-woman A
DAMS for hosting today’s Spe-cial Order and for all you do to support our Nation’s Historically Black Col-leges and Universities. It was such an honor for me to join this caucus as a founding member with you a year ago. It is hard to believe it has already been a year. I am proud of the bipartisan work we have done on behalf of our HBCUs. There are more than 100 HBCUs in the United States that enroll more than 300,000 students per year. HBCUs represent 3 percent of colleges and uni-versities, yet graduate 20 percent of Af-rican Americans with undergraduate degrees and 25 percent of African American degrees in science, tech-nology, engineering, and math fields. In my district, I am so proud to rep-resent Florida Agricultural and Me-chanical University, one of our State’s most historic and important univer-sities. Florida A&M—or FAMU, as it is more affectionately known in north Florida—was founded in 1887 with just 15 students and 2 instructors. Let me just say: Go Rattlers. Today the university has grown to enroll nearly 10,000 students, and it was named by the U.S. News & World Re-port as the top public Historically Black College and Universities in the entire Nation for 2015. It is also listed among The Princeton Review’s Best in the Southeast Col-leges and is one of the top picks for providing a high-quality education at an affordable price in Florida, accord-ing to The College Database. And FAMU is the Nation’s top producer of African Americans at the bachelor de-gree level. It is such an honor for me to rep-resent FAMU and to join the HBCU caucus in supporting all of our Nation’s Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities and the wonderful students who attend them. Again, I thank Congressman B
YRNE  and Congresswoman A
DAMS for hosting this Special Order. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for her leadership on this issue and so many issues. It is so important that we have the understanding, each of us, of the institutions in our own district. She talked about Florida A&M, a great in-stitution of higher education in her district. Part of what we hope to do in the caucus is to educate every Member in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.054 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2104 April 28, 2016 
this body about the institutions in their districts and—perhaps they don’t have any institutions in their dis-trict—about institutions across Amer-ica that are HBCUs and what they have done for their communities and what they have done for the United States of America and continue to do every day. I am very blessed to have been able to work with a number of HBCUs in Alabama in my prior positions in the State school board and as a chancellor of post-secondary education. I must admit I didn’t know very much about them before I was in those positions. But as I learned about them, as I got to know the administration and the faculty, but, most importantly, the students at those institutions, I real-ized what a rich resource that is for those students and for the commu-nities that they are founded in. You look around the country at some of the great graduates of these institu-tions and you realize where would we have been without the HBCUs, particu-larly during a period of time when Afri-can Americans were denied access to regular institutions of higher edu-cation because of discrimination in American society. Just because we have made progress in that regard doesn’t mean that we have ended the need for HBCUs. In many ways, the need has never been greater, because what we need in our society from the people in our soci-ety—in order to perform at the levels that our economy requires, it requires ever greater levels of education, train-ing, and expertise. What might have been enough to know 50 years ago, we need to know far more now and we need to know it at every level of edu-cation. We are here today to talk about col-leges and universities. Some of the great colleges and universities in America have understood the impor-tance of this and have rallied around our cause. I will never forget our kick-off day when we had the chancellor of the University of North Carolina sys-tem here, one of the great university statewide systems that we have in this country, as a recognition of those uni-versities and the role that HBCUs play along with them in providing higher education to people throughout the United States of America. The United Negro College Fund says that a mind is a terrible thing to waste. A great country cannot waste any mind. We need every mind in America to get whatever they need to become the person that they want to become, to realize their dreams, as I said earlier, not only to lift themselves up, but to lift the rest of us up with them. That is what we are talking about when we talk about HBCUs. I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina again for her leadership, for her inspiration, for her continuing to be somebody out there to tell us that we need to keep pushing, we need to keep pushing. As long as she is willing to continue to do that, I am willing to continue to do that with her. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE DISPARATE IMPLEMENTA-TION OF AMAZON.COM’S PRIME FREE SAME-DAY DELIVERY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) for 30 minutes. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because, despite our best efforts, racial redlining is still alive and well today. I come to this Chamber because racial redlining has once again reared its ugly, evil head across our Nation. Mr. Speaker, on April 21, Bloomberg published an analysis entitled ‘‘Ama-zon Doesn’t Consider the Race of Its Customers. Should It?’’ Bloomberg explains how amazon.com discriminates against mostly African American communities nationwide by shutting them out, shutting them off from receiving its Prime free same-day delivery service. Mr. Speaker, it must be understood that mostly predominantly African American ZIP Codes in this Nation have been excluded from receiving Amazon’s Prime free same-day delivery service. It must be understood, Mr. Speaker, that this is absolutely unac-ceptable. Amazon’s vice president for global communications, Mr. Craig Berman, feebly attempted to justify this by say-ing that ‘‘demographics play no role’’ in the determination by which neigh-borhoods have access to Prime free same-day service. b1630 He goes on to state that distance matters and that in terms of deter-mining factors, close proximity to a warehouse is certainly one of the fac-tors that they consider. Well, Mr. Speaker, on the face of it, that seemingly appears to be both log-ical and understandable. However, when viewed through a sharper lens, there are some glaring, flagrant incon-sistencies. In my hometown of Chicago, Illinois, just for example, same-day service is available to a majority of the city and its surrounding suburbs. This free, same-day delivery service is not avail-able to my constituents in predomi-nantly African American ZIP Codes. Mr. Berman, the article explains, again, feebly blames this on the dis-tance of these ZIP Codes from a dis-tribution center that is located in Ke-nosha, Wisconsin. That would be under-standable if not for the fact that this free, same-day Amazon delivery service is available to residents in Oak Lawn, Illinois, which is a community that is also in the district that I represent, but Oak Lawn is even farther south, farther away from Kenosha, Wisconsin, a greater distance from the distribu-tion center in Kenosha, Wisconsin, than all these African American-pre-dominant ZIP Codes. Mr. Speaker, because I live in a pre-dominantly African American ZIP Code, I cannot be served by the Ama-zon Prime free, same-day delivery serv-ice, but my White constituents can be served by Amazon with their Prime free, same-day delivery service. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, despite amazon.com’s assertions of impar-tiality and a strictly numbers-based approach to the availability of this Prime free, same-day delivery services, Amazon’s implementation of this serv-ice has been disparate, disappointing, disgusting, and apparently discrimina-tory. Mr. Speaker, not only does this occur in the city of Chicago, but also Bloomberg found similar situations ex-isting in five other cities. Not just Chi-cago, but Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, New York City, and Washington, D.C., all across our great Nation. Mr. Speaker, historically and unfor-tunately, the situation with ama-zon.com is not a unique experience for people of color. Today, in the year 2016, too many Americans still are denied services and access to goods based off the color of their skin and where they reside or the location of their ZIP Code. This is redlining. This practice is known as redlining. This redlining has been a major, significant obstacle to communities of color to gain access to the fullness of their American Dream, to the fullness of their American ideal. For decades now, despite efforts dur-ing the civil rights era of our Nation, during similar efforts, not only before, but even after the civil rights era of our Nation, despite many multiple leg-islative attempts to stamp redlining out, this very injustice continues to spread, even among some of my cor-porate citizens who, on the face of it, would never accept the fact that they engage in discriminatory business practices. But when you look at it from my per-spective, look at it from my vantage point, look at it from the experience of my constituents who are African American, Amazon fails to meet the acid test. Its Prime same-day delivery service is far less than prime for too many of my constituents and too many American citizens. Mr. Speaker, Members of this body of the U.S. House of Representatives, we cannot allow businesses in this country to discriminate against any particular group of Americans. We cannot allow businesses in this country to discrimi-nate against neighborhoods, against communities based on their business’s race-based perceptions. Mr. Speaker, this body, this U.S. House of Representatives cannot allow the Amazons of the world, amazon.com to violate laws of our Nation, laws like the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Amazon cannot violate the laws of our Nation with impunity and without account-ability. Mr. Speaker, I must call upon ama-zon.com and its CEO, Jeff Bezos, to come and do what is right, to come and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.055 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2105 April 28, 2016 
right this wrong. Make Amazon’s Prime same-day delivery service a prime service that is available to all the citizens of this Nation and not just to the White citizens of this Nation. People all across this Nation like amazon.com. I am a customer of ama-zon.com, and amazon.com benefits from Black Americans’ dollars because Black Americans’ dollars are just as green as any other Americans’ dollars. White Americans’ dollars are not more powerful, aren’t colder or hotter. These are Americans’ dollars, greenbacks, and Amazon must respect the buying power, the consumer right of African American consumers just as it does all other American consumers. Mr. Bezos, again, I appeal to you, do what is right and right this wrong. Mr. Speaker, I must call upon our colleagues in the executive branch to ensure that the laws of our Nation passed by this U.S. Congress are faith-fully and equally executed so that com-munities of color get equal and fair treatment by its corporate citizens all across this country. Redlining is an evil that has ripped apart the dreams and the aspirations of African American citizens and other minorities. b1645 It is high time now. The hour has passed. It is time now to put redlining and all the vestiges of it aside, buried deep. Take it out of the consciousness of the corporate decisionmakers in this Nation. Mr. Speaker, our economy is a serv-ice economy. Our economics are based on service. Our social contract means that all Americans should have access and a level playing field when it comes to getting service and being serviced in this service economy. Now, amazon.com’s Prime same-day delivery service stands as a stark ex-ample of how much still needs to be changed in our society. No matter how much things change, so much remains the same. Let us rise up to the call. Amazon, do what is right, and right this wrong. Mr. Speaker, we can do no less than our best for all American citizens. This is an extraordinary violation of not only the civil rights laws of our Na-tion, but it stands as a significant bar-rier to greater economic opportunities, to a greater sense of being treated equally and fairly. There is something called justice in our society, and any injustice must be courageously con-fronted. Any injustice. Amazon.com, your Prime same-day delivery service is not so prime until all your customers are treated fairly and equitably in your business model. No excuses. This is shameful. It must be cor-rected. Make the Amazon Prime same- day delivery service available for all Americans because we live in a society where being prime really should mean something—this America that we live in. Mr. Speaker, again, I call upon Mr. Jeff Bezos, Amazon’s CEO, to do what is right and right this less than prime wrong. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the article: ‘‘Amazon Doesn’t Consider the Race of Its Customers. Should It?’’ 
[From www.bloomberg.com, Apr. 21, 2016] A
MAZON DOESN ’TCONSIDER THE RACE OF ITS C
USTOMERS . SHOULD IT? (By David Ingold and Spencer Soper) For residents of minority urban neighbor-hoods, access to Amazon.com’s vast array of products—from Dawn dish soap and Huggies diapers to Samsung flatscreen TVs—can be a godsend. Unlike whiter ZIP codes, these parts of town often lack well-stocked stores and quality supermarkets. White areas get organic grocers and designer boutiques. Black ones get minimarts and dollar stores. People in neighborhoods that retailers avoid must travel farther and sometimes pay more to obtain household necessities. ‘‘I don’t have a car, so I love to have stuff delivered,’’ says Tamara Rasberry, a human resources professional in Washington, D.C., who spends about $2,000 a year on Amazon Prime, the on-line retailer’s premium service that guaran-tees two-day delivery of tens of millions of items (along with digital music, e-books, streaming movies, and TV shows) for a year-ly $99 membership fee. Rasberry, whose neighborhood of Congress Heights is more than 90 percent black, says shopping on Amazon lets her bypass the poor selection and high prices of nearby shops. As Amazon has expanded rapidly to be-come ‘‘the everything store,’’ it’s offered the promise of an egalitarian shopping experi-ence. On Amazon and other online retailers, a black customer isn’t viewed with sus-picion, much less followed around by store security. Most of Amazon’s services are available to almost every address in the U.S. ‘‘We don’t know what you look like when you come into our store, which is vastly dif-ferent than physical retail,’’ says Craig Ber-man, Amazon’s vice president for global communications. ‘‘We are ridiculously pride-ful about that. We offer every customer the same price. It doesn’t matter where you live.’’ Yet as Amazon rolls out its upgrade to the Prime service, Prime Free Same-Day Deliv-ery, that promise is proving harder to deliver on. The ambitious goal of Prime Free Same- Day is to eliminate one of the last advan-tages local retailers have over the e-com-merce giant: instant gratification. In cities where the service is available, Amazon offers Prime members same-day delivery of more than a million products for no extra fee on orders over $35. Eleven months after it start-ed, the service includes 27 metropolitan areas. In most of them, it provides broad coverage within the city limits. Take Ama-zon’s home town of Seattle, where every ZIP code within the city limits is eligible for same-day delivery and coverage extends well into the surrounding suburbs. In six major same-day delivery cities, how-ever, the service area excludes predomi-nantly black ZIP codes to varying degrees, according to a Bloomberg analysis that com-pared Amazon same-day delivery areas with U.S. Census Bureau data. In Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, and Wash-ington, cities still struggling to overcome generations of racial segregation and eco-nomic inequality, black citizens are about half as likely to live in neighborhoods with access to Amazon same-day delivery as white residents. The disparity in two other big cities is sig-nificant, too. In New York City, same-day delivery is available throughout Manhattan, Staten Island, and Brooklyn, but not in the Bronx and some majority-black neighbor-hoods in Queens. In some cities, Amazon same-day delivery extends many miles into the surrounding suburbs but isn’t available in some ZIP codes within the city limits. The most striking gap in Amazon’s same- day service is in Boston, where three ZIP codes encompassing the primarily black neighborhood of Roxbury are excluded from same-day service, while the neighborhoods that surround it on all sides are eligible. ‘‘Being singled out like that and not getting those same services as they do in a 15-minute walk from here is very frustrating,’’ says Roxbury resident JD Nelson, who’s been an Amazon Prime member for three years. ‘‘It’s not a good thing, and it definitely doesn’t make me happy.’’ Rasberry was excited when Amazon announced Prime Free Same-Day was coming to Washington. But when she en-tered her ZIP code on the retailer’s website, she was disappointed to find her neighbor-hood was left out. ‘‘I still get two-day ship-ping, but none of the superfast, convenient delivery services come here,’’ she says. Rasberry pays the same $99 Prime member-ship fee as people who live in the city’s ma-jority-white neighborhoods, but she doesn’t get the same benefits. ‘‘If you bring that service to the city,’’ she says, ‘‘you should offer it to the whole city.’’ There’s no evidence that Amazon makes decisions on where to deliver based on race. Berman says the ethnic composition of neighborhoods isn’t part of the data Amazon examines when drawing up its maps. ‘‘When it comes to same-day delivery, our goal is to serve as many people as we can, which we’ve proven in places like Los Angeles, Seattle, San Francisco, and Philadelphia.’’ Amazon, he says, has a ‘‘radical sensitivity’’ to any suggestion that neighborhoods are being sin-gled out by race. ‘‘Demographics play no role in it. Zero.’’ Amazon says its plan is to focus its same- day service on ZIP codes where there’s a high concentration of Prime members, and then expand the offering to fill in the gaps over time. ‘‘If you ever look at a map of serv-ice for Amazon, it will start out small and end up getting big,’’ he says. This is a logical approach from a cost and efficiency perspective: Give areas with the most existing paying members priority ac-cess to a new product. Yet in cities where most of those paying members are con-centrated in predominantly white parts of town, a solely data-driven calculation that looks at numbers instead of people can rein-force long-entrenched inequality in access to retail services. For people who live in black neighborhoods not served by Amazon, the fact that it’s not deliberate doesn’t make much practical difference. ‘‘They are offer-ing different services to other people who don’t look like you but live in the same city,’’ says Rasberry. Amazon cites several reasons a ZIP code within a city may be excluded: too few Prime members to justify the expense of sending out trucks and drivers, or the area is too far from the closest Amazon warehouse. ‘‘Dis-tance matters,’’ Berman says. ‘‘At some point, with the math involved, we can’t make it work—in time or in cost for the car-rier. There is a diminishing return on or-ders.’’ In some cases, Amazon says, it’s dif-ficult to find delivery partners willing to serve the area. ‘‘We deliver same day up till 9 p.m.’’ says Amazon spokesman Scott Stanzel. ‘‘There are a lot of carrier partners. A lot of variables.’’ Amazon won’t reveal specifics about how it decides its same-day delivery areas—the competition would kill for that info, says Berman. Broadly speaking, it comes down to cost. Same-day delivery is expensive to pro-vide, in part because Amazon can’t rely on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.057 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2106 April 28, 2016 
the built-in infrastructure and low nego-tiated rates of United Parcel Service and the U.S. Postal Service, which shoulder the re-tailer’s standard and two-day Prime deliv-eries. To get packages out within hours, Amazon uses a mix of its own drivers, local couriers, and independent contractors mak-ing deliveries in their own vehicles through an Uberlike service called Amazon Flex. Cities where Amazon offers broad one-day coverage appear to have something in com-mon: close proximity to product warehouses, making it less expensive to reach all areas. ‘‘It’s not the only variable. It’s certainly one of them,’’ says Berman. ‘‘It definitely has an impact if we have a fulfillment center that’s outside a city, or we have a fulfillment cen-ter that happens to be on one side of it’’ Amazon declined to reveal the locations of its same-day hubs, so it’s difficult to tell how that works. In same-day cities Amazon hasn’t yet surrounded with warehouses, the company must decide which neighborhoods are worth the cost of service and which aren’t. That’s where things get complicated. 
ATLANTA  Amazon’s Prime Free Same-Day Delivery closely mirrors the city’s historical racial divide. The largely white northern half is covered, while the largely black southern half isn’t. The company extends the service 35 miles north of downtown but excludes Norcross, a less distant eastern suburb where blacks and Hispanics outnumber whites, and Redan, with a black population of 94 percent. 
BOSTON  Although Amazon’s same-day service is available to most addresses in Boston and reaches almost to New Hampshire, the cen-trally located neighborhood of Roxbury, with a population that’s about 59 percent black and 15 percent white, is excluded. The resi-dents of the ZIP codes that border Roxbury on all sides are eligible for the service. Ama-zon’s Berman calls Roxbury ‘‘an anomaly.’’ 
CHICAGO  Amazon’s same-day service area includes about 2.2 million people in the city but ex-cludes about 472,000 people in Chicago’s pre-dominantly black South Side. Berman says the South Side ZIP codes are beyond the reach of the company’s distribution center in Kenosha, Wisconsin, about two hours north of the city. Yet same-day service is available to Prime members in Oak Lawn, which is eight miles farther south than the excluded portions of Chicago and has a white popu-lation of about 85 percent. The company does offer the service in largely black neighbor-hoods in the city’s center, including Austin. 
DALLAS  Amazon’s same-day service area includes suburbs between Dallas and Fort Worth, but about 590,000 residents of eastern and south-ern Dallas, where a majority are black or Hispanic—such as Oak Cliff—are just outside the delivery area. Amazon cited distance from the company’s warehouses and a low concentration of Prime members as reasons those areas were left out. 
NEW YORK CITY  Amazon’s same-day coverage area extends, unbroken, from New York City all the way south to Philadelphia, with one notable ex-ception: The largely black and Hispanic bor-ough of the Bronx, which is excluded from the service. The Bronx has the lowest per-centage of white residents of the five bor-oughs at about 33 percent. Berman says the Bronx is difficult to reach because the ware-houses that serve the area are in New Jersey. 
WASHINGTON , D.C. One of Amazon’s largest same-day service coverage areas extends from Washington, D.C., north to Baltimore and encompasses much of the Maryland and Virginia suburbs. Yet all neighborhoods in the capital’s pre-dominantly black southeast quadrant are ex-cluded, along with several largely black Maryland suburbs to the southeast—notably Suitland and Silver Hill, which have average income levels comparable to those in some ZIP codes between Washington and Balti-more that do have same-day coverage. Some excluded ZIP codes correspond with higher crime rates. Amazon won’t say whether concerns about stolen packages or the safety of drivers figure into its decisions about where to deliver, saying only ‘‘the safety of our employees is a top priority.’’ Income inequality may also play a part. Many excluded areas have average household incomes below the national average. And households with Prime memberships skew wealthier—not surprising given the $99 mem-bership fee. An April study of families with teenagers by investment bank Piper Jaffray estimates 70 percent of such U.S. households with incomes of $112,000 per year or more now have a Prime membership, compared with 43 percent for households with incomes of $21,000 to $41,000. Income differences alone don’t explain the gaps in service, however. In Chicago, New York, Boston, Atlanta, and other cities, some areas that are excluded have household incomes as high or higher than ZIP codes Amazon does cover. Berman points to cities where some black ZIP codes get same-day service and some white ones don’t. In Los Angeles, black and Hispanic communities south of downtown have same-day service, but mostly white Malibu, on the far side of the traffic-clogged Route 27 and Pacific Coast Highway, doesn’t. In several cities where the same-day service area encompasses the vast majority of all residents, including Los Angeles, San Jose, and Tampa, a higher percentage of blacks live in ZIP codes eligible for same-day deliv-ery than whites. Overall, though, in cities where same-day service doesn’t extend to most residents, those left out are dispropor-tionately black. (In the six cities with dis-parities, Asians, on average, are as likely as whites to live in an area with coverage; His-panics are less likely than whites to live in same-day ZIP codes, but more likely than blacks.) ‘‘As soon as you try to represent some-thing as complex as a neighborhood with a spreadsheet based on a few variables, you’ve made some generalizations and assumptions that may not be true, and they may not af-fect all people equally,’’ says Sorelle Friedler, a computer science professor at Haverford College who studies data bias. ‘‘There is so much systemic bias with respect to race. If you aren’t purposefully trying to identify it and correct it, this bias is likely to creep into your outcomes.’’ Amazon says it’s misleading to scrutinize its current delivery areas so closely, because the service is new and evolving. Eventually, coverage will extend to every ZIP code in same-day cities, says Berman. The service is indeed expanding. Since Bloomberg first con-tacted Amazon for this article in February, the company announced 12 new same-day cit-ies. As it adds locations, however, Amazon has yet to extend coverage to excluded ma-jority-black ZIP codes in the existing cities with gaps in service. How long will those customers have to wait to get the full bene-fits of their Prime membership? Berman says there’s no set timetable: ‘‘We’ll get there.’’ Juan Gilbert, chair of the University of Florida’s department of computer and infor-mation science & engineering, says Amazon has an opportunity to use its data resources to correct its oversight and avert falling into the retail patterns of the past. ‘‘I think it was a mistake, and it never crossed their mind,’’ he says. ‘‘This is a perfect example of how Amazon had a blind spot.’’ Update, April 21: Corrects the number of New York City residents who live in ZIP codes eligible for Amazon same-day delivery; updates the article and final chart to indi-cate cities where black residents are more likely than whites to live in zip codes eligi-ble for same day service. METHODOLOGY  Amazon’s website allows users to type in ZIP codes to see where Prime Free Same- Day Delivery is available. Bloomberg en-tered every U.S. ZIP code into the tool, and mapped the results on top of a complete U.S. ZIP code shape file, provided by ESRI, to produce a coverage map of Amazon’s Prime same-day delivery areas. Coverage maps show Amazon data as of April 8, 2016. Population data were compiled using block group figures from the 2014 American Com-munity Survey 5-Year estimates tables. Table B03002—Hispanic or Latino Origin by Race—provides population figures by racial category, including the following subsets: white alone, black or African-American alone, Hispanic or Latino, Asian alone, and other races. The data were released on Dec. 3, 2015 and are the most recent local popu-lation data available from the ACS. All ACS figures are estimates with a 90% confidence interval and are subject to a margin of error. City-level figures presented in the graphics and charts are compilations of individual block group estimates, and share the same 90% confidence level. Each population dot represent 100 resi-dents, and are evenly distributed across each block group. They do not represent exact ad-dresses, and populations below a 100-person threshold within an individual block group are not shown. In some cases, individual block groups straddle multiple ZIP codes or intersect a city boundary. Often these block groups fea-ture clear divisions between residential areas, and nonresidential areas made up of parks, lakes, or empty land. In these cases, a block group was included in the ZIP code that included the residential area. When a block group was not clearly separated in this manner, the population was proportionally distributed based on the area of overlap. 
Mr. RUSH. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 4 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, April 29, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5187. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a report enti-tled, ‘‘Five-year Comprehensive Range Plan for Melrose Air Force Range (AFR)’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 5188. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the report to Congress on Personal and Home Care Aide State Training (PHCAST) Demonstration Program Evaluation, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1397g(b)(5)(B)(ii); Public Law 111-148, Sec. 5507(a); (124 Stat. 667); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.041 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2107 April 28, 2016 
5189. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Plans; Georgia; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0152; FRL-9945- 60-Region 4] received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5190. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities; Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; Control of Emissions from Existing Sewage Sludge In-cineration Units [EPA-R02-OAR-2015-0755; FRL-9945-71-Region 2] received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5191. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Air Plan Revi-sions; Arizona; Rescissions and Corrections [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0028; FRL-9945-78-Region 9] received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5192. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Determinations of Attain-ment by the Attainment Date, Extensions of the Attainment Date, And Reclassification of Several Areas for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-HQ- OAR-2015-0468; FRL-9945-17-OAR] received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5193. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Environmental Pro-tection Agency Acquisition Regulation (EPAAR); Institutional Oversight of Life Sciences Dual Use Research of Concern (iDURC) [EPA-HQ-OARM-2016-0046; FRL- 9941-86-OARM] received April 26, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5194. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Methoxyfenozide; Pesticide Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions [EPA- HQ-OPP-2014-0591; FRL-9945-28] received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5195. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final evaluation of vendor submittal — Safe-ty Evaluation of BWRVIP-100, Revision 1, ‘‘BWRVIP Vessel and Internals Project: Up-dated Assessment of the Fracture Toughness of Irradiated Stainless Steel for BWR Core Shrouds’’ (TAC No.: ME8329) received April 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5196. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 143, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5197. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 001, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5198. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 003, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5199. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 131, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5200. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 145, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); and 22 U.S.C. 2776(d)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(d) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (90 Stat. 740); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5201. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Burma that was de-clared in Executive Order 13047 of May 20, 1997, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5202. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 5203. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Yemen that was de-clared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5204. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia that was declared in Executive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5205. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report of all programs or projects of the International Atomic Energy Agency in each country listed in Section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2021 note; Public Law 105-277, Sec. 2809(c)(2); (112 Stat. 2681-850); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 5206. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination by the Sec-retary, pursuant to sections 506(a)(2), 610, and 614(a)(1) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5207. A letter from the Associate Adminis-trator for Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5208. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Family and Medical Leave Act; Definition of Spouse (RIN: 3206- AM90) received April 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5209. A letter from the Chief, Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Oil and Gas and Sulfur Operations in the Outer Continental Shelf — Blowout Preventer Systems and Well Con-trol [Docket ID: BSEE-2015-0002; 15XE1700DX EEEE500000 EX1SF0000.DAQ000] (RIN: 1014- AA11) received April 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5210. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers at the Kansas City Plant, Kansas City, Missouri, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7384q(c)(2); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1, (as amended by Public Law 108-375, Sec. 3166(b)(1)), (118 Stat. 2188); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5211. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Intra-coastal Waterway; Lake Charles, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1086] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived April 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5212. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Wy-Hi Rowing Regatta; Detroit River, Trenton Channel; Wyandotte, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0209] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received April 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5213. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Security Zone, John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse; Boston, MA [USCG-2014-0246] (RIN: 1625-AA87) re-ceived April 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5214. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a draft bill to authorize major medical facility projects for the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for fiscal year 2017, and for other pur-poses, pursuant to 38 USC 8104(a)(2); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28AP7.000 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2108 April 28, 2016 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , and Ms. T ITUS): H.R. 5088. A bill to prevent abusive billing of ancillary services to the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5089. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to maintain and operate at least one Doppler weather radar site within 55 miles of each State capital city in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, and Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ): H.R. 5090. A bill to ensure that air trans-portation between the United States and the European Union complies with the intent of article 17 bis of the United States-European Union-Norway-Iceland Air Transport Agree-ment of June 21, 2011; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself and Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York): H.R. 5091. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reinstate the requirement for an annual report on the capacity of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to provide for specialized treatment and rehabilitative needs of disabled veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. S
TEWART ): H.R. 5092. A bill to make exclusive the au-thority of the Federal Government to regu-late the labeling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate or foreign commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5093. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to require a time lim-itation for consent orders, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. R
IBBLE ): H.R. 5094. A bill to contain, reverse, and deter Russian aggression in Ukraine, to as-sist Ukraine’s democratic transition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Vir-ginia): H.R. 5095. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Sec-retary of Health of Human Services to award grants to States (or collaborations of States) to establish, expand, or maintain a com-prehensive regional, State, or municipal sys-tem to provide training, education, consulta-tion, and other resources to prescribers re-lating to patient pain, substance misuse, and substance abuse disorders, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. COURT -
NEY, Mr. H IMES, and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 5096. A bill to amend the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to establish the American Technical Training Grant Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. B UR-
GESS): H.R. 5097. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to require the termi-nation of inactive investigations after a pe-riod of six months; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L ANCE , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 5098. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to require an annual plan and a report on elder fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ASHFORD (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY ): H.R. 5099. A bill to establish a pilot pro-gram on partnership agreements to con-struct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Mr. G
RIFFITH ): H.R. 5100. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to protect at-risk youth against termination of Medicaid eligibility while an inmate of a public institution; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 5101. A bill to direct the Attorney General to establish a policy for the Depart-ment of Justice requiring all United States attorneys to prosecute offenses under sec-tions 275 and 276 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): H.R. 5102. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to establish a criminal penalty for an alien who lacks lawful immi-gration status and is present in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 5103. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require the inclusion of a term of supervised release as a part of a sen-tence for certain offenders, to provide for the removal of deportable alien offenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H.R. 5104. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice in commerce, the sale or use of certain software to cir-cumvent control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): H.R. 5105. A bill to ensure that the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority includes board members who have certified expertise in certain areas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mr. C
OURTNEY ): H.R. 5106. A bill to make college more af-fordable, reduce student debt, and provide greater access to higher education for all students of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 5107. A bill to prohibit employers and certain other entities from requiring or re-questing that employees and certain other individuals provide a user name, password, or other means for accessing a personal ac-count on any social networking website; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. GRAYSON (for himself and Mr. C
ONYERS ): H.R. 5108. A bill to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion to penalize persons who fail to maintain nuisance properties; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Mr. B
URGESS ): H.R. 5109. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to require annual re-ports to Congress regarding the status of in-vestigations of unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5110. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to lower the action level for lead in drinking water to 5 parts per billion by the end of 2026, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. K
EN-
NEDY , Mr. I SSA, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. O
LSON ): H.R. 5111. A bill to prohibit the use of cer-tain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 5112. A bill to amend the Consumer Protection Act of 2010 to grant the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection the author-ity to regulate certain acts and practices using processes and procedures consistent with and similar to those in place at the Federal Trade Commission, to encourage greater communication amongst regulators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R
ANGEL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. H
INOJOSA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
ONDA , and Mr. R ICHMOND ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28AP7.100 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2109 April 28, 2016 
H.R. 5113. A bill to encourage initiatives for financial products and services that are appropriate and accessible for millions of American small businesses that do not have access to the financial mainstream; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 5114. A bill to establish the 21st Cen-tury Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in the United States in national service positions to protect, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. L
ANCE , and Mr. H ARPER ): H.R. 5115. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to include require-ments for declaring an unlawful act or prac-tice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. B
UR-
GESS, Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. M ULLIN ): H.R. 5116. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to permit a bipar-tisan majority of Commissioners to hold a meeting that is closed to the public to dis-cuss official business; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 5117. A bill to ensure appropriate poli-cies, planning, interagency coordination, and spectrum availability to support the Inter-net of Things ’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. B
UR-
GESS, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. L ANCE ): H.R. 5118. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to specify certain ef-fects of guidelines, general statements of policy, and similar guidance issued by the Federal Trade Commission; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. R
OS-
KAM, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona): H.R. 5119. A bill to prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds available to any Fed-eral department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the pur-chase of heavy water produced in Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5120. A bill to establish a penalty for the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment for failure to enforce compliance with the public housing community service and self-sufficiency requirement under law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. F ATTAH ): H.R. 5121. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out an energy storage re-search program, loan program, and technical assistance and grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. FORBES: H. Res. 709. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran, by failing to adhere to international maritime law, ignoring United Nations reso-lutions, and conducting military operations in a manner that raises tensions within the Arabian Gulf, has undermined stability in the Arabian Gulf, raised the danger of inad-vertent escalation, and increased the risk to members of the United States Armed Forces overseas; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, and Mr. T
AKANO ): H. Res. 710. A resolution recognizing the 41st anniversary of the Fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. V
ELA, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. S IRES, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H. Res. 711. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 30, 2016, as Dı ´a de los Nin˜os: Celebrating Young Americans; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
210. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Ten-nessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 500, condemning the global unrelenting persecution of Christians and acts of terror and aggression against Christians; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 211. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 481, urging Con-gress to pass bills for the implementation of the Veterans Affairs New Veterans Choice Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 5088. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5089. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 5090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 5091. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the conunon defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 5092. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5093. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5094. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 5095. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Ms. ESTY: H.R. 5096. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 5097. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, CLuase 18 (To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department thereof). By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 5098. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (which states that the Congress shall have the Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes’) of the Constitu-tion of the United States. By Mr. ASHFORD: H.R. 5099. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 5100. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Title I Section 8. The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for he common Defence and general 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28AP7.100 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2110 April 28, 2016 
Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform in the Untied States; By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 5101. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 5102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 5103. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5104. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ‘‘necessary and proper’’ clause of Arti-cle I Section 8. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 5105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5106. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 5108. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 5109. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce . . . among the several States. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5110. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 5111. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United States Constitution This states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 5112. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5113. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 5114. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; Article IV, Section 3, Clause 3—The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5115. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 5116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States, ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 9 Clause 7 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 5121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 194: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 250: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas. H.R. 266: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 292: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 449: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 672: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 711: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. R EED, and Mr. S ES-
SIONS . H.R. 775: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 816: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 845: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 864: Ms. M
ENG and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 923: Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. L ONG, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S MITH of Ne- braska, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 953: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 973: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 1064: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1109: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1192: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1218: Mr. M
ARINO , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 1233: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 1258: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1309: Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 1336: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1343: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 1427: Ms. E
DWARDS . H.R. 1457: Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 1492: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1559: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1602: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1688: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1718: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1722: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1736: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 1798: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 1859: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 1945: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 1961: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 2026: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2102: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2148: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 2180: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 2189: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 2218: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 2237: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2285: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 2342: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2350: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
EEHAN , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 2366: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 2739: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 2759: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2793: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 2817: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 2903: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 2911: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. A GUILAR , and Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 2948: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2991: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 3071: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3119: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3222: Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 3237: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3250: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3308: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 3323: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. G RAVES of Geor- gia, and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 3406: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3441: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.034 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2111 April 28, 2016 
H.R. 3542: Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 3632: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3742: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 3832: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART . H.R. 3957: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 4006: Ms. N
ORTON and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 4007: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4073: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 4137: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 4172: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4177: Mr. Y
OHO, Ms. S INEMA , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4184: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4185: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 4212: Mr. G
IBSON and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4216: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4219: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 4223: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 4230: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4247: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 4262: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 4266: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4399: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, and Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 4443: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 4448: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4456: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4561: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4562: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4563: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4594: Mr. H
ONDA and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 4606: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4611: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 4615: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4625: Mr. B
OST, Mr. B ARR, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 4640: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 4653: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 4656: Mr. F
ARR, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4662: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4695: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 4730: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, and Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 4732: Mr. H
ARDY . H.R. 4764: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 4773: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 4774: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 4775: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 4779: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 4792: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4817: Mrs. B
EATTY and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 4819: Mr. F
INCHER . H.R. 4832: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4843: Ms. F
OXX and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4884: Mr. F
LEMING , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B RAT, Mr. A
LLEN , and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 4888: Ms. M
OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. L EE, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Ms. H AHN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4907: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4919: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4928: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 4955: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4959: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4960: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L
AHOOD, and Mr. D OLD. H.R. 4969: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 4978: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 4981: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 5025: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B ROWN of Flor- ida, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E DDIE BER-NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. M OORE , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R
USH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. V ELA, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 5028: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. A MASH , Mr. U
PTON , Mr. T ROTT , and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. H.R. 5033: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 5035: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5047: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5060: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 5063: Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 5064: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5076: Mr. J
OLLY , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.J. Res. 11: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.J. Res. 13: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.J. Res. 55: Mr. T
ROTT . H.J. Res. 90: Mr. C
ONYERS . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. P
ALLONE , and Mr. A SHFORD . H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H. Res. 569: Mr. F
OSTER . H. Res. 591: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. D
UFFY . H. Res. 665: Mr. A
MASH , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. H
ARRIS . H. Res. 707: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 708: Mr. V
ELAand Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.025 H28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2503 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 2016 No. 66 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Lord, You are in the midst of us and we are called Your children. We confess that we often fail to live worthy of Your great Name and generous mer-cies. We thank You for the opportunity to serve You as we strive to keep America the land of the free and the home of the brave. Abide with our law-makers. Be their companion as they labor to keep this Nation strong. Drive away all snares of the enemy and may no weapon formed against them be able to prosper. Make our Senators models of excellence and integrity for our Na-tion and world. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, let me quote from a letter I recently re-ceived from our colleagues across the aisle. Here is what they said: 
We are writing to reiterate our interest in working cooperatively to facilitate the fiscal year 2017 appropriations process. As we see it— Our Democratic friends said— 
restoring the regular order promises not only a more open and transparent process, but a chance for Senators on both sides of the aisle to participate meaningfully in funding decisions. This is a win-win oppor-tunity and we should seize it together. 
That was a letter I received from all of our friends on the other side of the aisle. That is exactly what we have been doing—exactly. The appropria-tions process is off to a strong start, an ‘‘excellent kickoff,’’ in the words of the top Appropriations Committee Demo-crat, Senator M
IKULSKI , with bills pass-ing through the committee by unani-mous bipartisan votes. ‘‘If this is the way it is going to be to move appropriations,’’ she said just a few days ago, ‘‘then I think it is a good day.’’ Senator M
IKULSKI said: ‘‘I think it is a good day.’’ Democrats lauded the first bill on the floor and in press re-leases for helping promote American jobs and for addressing the cleanup of radioactive and hazardous contamina-tion across our country. They praised its key investments in research and water infrastructure. Then, what did they do? They filibus-tered—the very same people who wrote the letter, the very same people who praised the bill in press releases, the very same people who took credit for amendments in the bill, those same people. It seems Democrats are more con-cerned with funding the acquisition of heavy water from Iran than funding water infrastructure in America. Let me say that again. It seems Democrats are more concerned with funding the acquisition of heavy water from Iran than funding water infrastructure right here in our own country. As we all know, President Obama concluded a nuclear deal with Iran last year. Tehran is expected to reap ap-proximately $100 billion, thanks to the deal, and the Obama administration itself has admitted the regime is likely to use that windfall to invest in its war economy, to defend its regime, and to strengthen the hand of the Revolu-tionary Guard, a group that has been accused of helping Shiite militias at-tack and kill American soldiers in Iraq. Many of us, including myself, warned that this deal made little sense in terms of our regional strategy. We warned it would enhance Iran’s capa-bility and its power. Indeed, since sign-ing President Obama’s deal, Iran has tested ballistic missiles. It has de-ployed forces to Syria in support of the Assad regime. It has harassed Amer-ican ships and those of our allies with-in the Persian Gulf. So when the administration made an announcement over this past weekend that it would be purchasing so-called heavy water from Iran, a lot of us were concerned. That is right. Make sure ev-erybody understands. U.S. funds would be sent to Iran. Nothing in the Presi-dent’s deal with Iran required the United States to make that purchase. It is likely it will effectively amount to even more money for Iran to invest in military modernization. So Senator C
OTTON filed an amend-ment to prevent the money we are ap-propriating from being used for more of these purchases in the future—in the future. His amendment does not put the Secretary of Energy’s current heavy water purchase agreement at risk. It simply tries to keep our Treas-ury from subsidizing the modernization of Iran’s military or the procurement of ballistic missiles or air defenses that may be used against America or her al-lies. I support his policy objective. I don’t know why it would not be supported by every Member of the Senate, regardless of party, but apparently Democrats do not. They have filibustered the overall bill, a bill that passed committee with unanimous bipartisan support, remem-ber, to prevent even the possibility— this amendment is not even pending— to prevent even the possibility of vot-ing on this amendment. They could not wait a single week before throwing an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.000 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2504 April 28, 2016 
obstructionist wrench into the appro-priations process they claim to want. Some of us remember that the Demo-crats did not want to vote when they were in the majority. They also don’t seem to want to vote when they are in the minority. I hope they are not dust-ing off the old filibuster summer play-book, especially in light of the letter they just sent to me about win-win op-portunities and restoring regular order. Perhaps the most galling thing about Democrats again trying to blow up the appropriations process is this: They filibustered this appropriations bill and then walked into a press conference about Zika funding. They filibustered this bill and then walked into a press conference about Zika funding. The appropriations process is the path for that funding. That is the way you do it. Preventing the spread of Zika is something both parties agree is a priority. The administration cur-rently has funds to address the issue but has requested additional funds by the end of next month. Both Repub-licans and Democrats have been look-ing at different approaches to properly address the situation. The senior Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
URRAY , recently characterized that bipartisanship collaborative proc-ess as moving forward ‘‘in good faith.’’ That is especially notable when you consider how difficult it is for the com-mittee to move forward when the ad-ministration keeps it waiting month after month after month for informa-tion it needs, as has been the case with Zika, but progress is being made any-way. Then Democrats filibustered and upended the process. So how do we move forward now? I remember the sec-ond-ranking Democrat, Senator D
UR-
BIN, once shared some wisdom that seems particularly relevant. Here is what he said: 
If you don’t want to fight fires, don’t be a firefighter. If you don’t want to come to Con-gress and vote on tough issues, get another job somewhere else. 
So here is the message to our Demo-cratic colleagues: Do your job. Do your job. There are other areas where both sides have been able to find common ground. We have seen the truth of that in many important solutions passed by this Republican-led Senate already: permanent tax relief for families and small businesses, groundbreaking edu-cation reform that empowers parents and prevents Washington from impos-ing Common Core, the first long-term transportation solution in years—a so-lution that will finally allow us to ad-dress crumbling roads and infrastruc-ture. Whether it is pay raises for our troops, help for our veterans, or hope for the victims of human trafficking, we got a lot done last year with hard work and with cooperation. We have gotten more done this year with hard work and cooperation too. In the past 3 months, we passed a comprehensive North Korea sanctions bill, a bill to permanently ban Internet access taxes, a measure to give the public more ac-cess to government records, a bill to help safeguard American intellectual property from theft, and critical legis-lation to help address our Nation’s pre-scription opioid and heroin epidemic. Just last week, we passed both the most pro-passenger, pro-security FAA reauthorization in years and the first major energy legislation since the Bush administration. So where are we? We now have a bipartisan opportunity to responsibly work through the indi-vidual funding bills. We now have a bi-partisan opportunity to responsibly continue addressing funding issues like Zika. What will it take? What it will take is for our Democratic colleagues to end this obstruction and work coopera-tively across the aisle instead. That is not too much to ask. So let’s take a step back and look at the bigger pic-ture. I believe that when you give Sen-ators and the people they represent more of a say in the legislative process, they are bound to take more of a stake in the legislative outcome, regardless of party. That is why we have empowered com-mittees and Members to take the lead in more areas. That is how we have gotten the Senate back to work in so many ways. I think Members in both parties have seen the benefits of it. So, yes, some may see a short-term polit-ical benefit in blowing up the appro-priations process now, but I would also ask my friends to remember this: Re-storing the appropriations process is something we all should want. Demo-crats have said it is what they want. Republicans have said it is what we want. It is what I have set out to do. I think it is the best way to give indi-vidual Senators in both parties more of a voice for their constituents in the funding process, to empower them to make smarter decisions about how tax-payer dollars are spent. So we are going to give our col-leagues an opportunity today to recon-sider this filibuster. They don’t have to block the appropriations process, which is the path for funding priorities such as Zika. I hope they will make the right choice. We have gotten so much done already with hard work and co-operation. I know there is much more we can accomplish for our country with a little more of each. So let’s keep striving to get more done for our country. The only way to do that is together. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS Mr. REID. Mr. President, when I first came to the Senate, I was so fortunate I was put on the Appropriations Com-mittee that very first day I was here. I loved my assignment. For many years, I had the good fortune of either chairing or being the ranking member of that Energy and Water Sub-committee. So I know a lot about that subcommittee—many successful bills, never an unsuccessful bill did we bring to the floor. We did them quickly. I worked mostly with the Senator from New Mexico by the name of Domenici. We worked together and got a lot done for the country. So I know this Water and Energy bill. The Republican leader complains about what happened yester-day on the Energy and Water appro-priations bill. On the Democratic side, there is no one who is more liked, appreciated, and who is more imbued as a historic figure than DIANNE FEINSTEIN of California. She became involved in politics at an early age and was thrown into a mael-strom of violence when the mayor was murdered. She had to step in and take over that very difficult job. As a Senator, she has been valiant, and she wants to get things done. No one can call her rank partisan, because she isn’t. But like all of us over here, she was terribly disappointed yester-day and the day before when all of a sudden, the bill is finished—the bill is finished; the Energy and Water bill is finished—and out of nowhere at 12:15 p.m. on Tuesday we get an amendment that really is something that is a poi-son pill if there ever were one. The only thing holding up the bill is this poison pill amendment. We agreed to pass it yesterday. D
IANNE FEINSTEIN  agrees; pass it. She likes it the way it is. We like it the way it is. So if they are as serious about doing their job as the Republican leader said, we are happy to vote on this bill now. But if Republicans continue to insist on these poison pill amendments—and there is no question that is what this is—we are going to have to continue as we have. It takes a lot of gall for my friend the Republican leader to talk about filibusters. I repeat what I have said here before, but it is worth repeating. As soon as Obama was elected, the Re-publicans met in Washington, and they reported in a 2-day-long meeting— which had been reported on numerous times—that they came to two conclu-sions. No. 1, Obama will not be re-elected. They failed at that miserably. He got more than 5 million votes than his op-ponent. But on the other thing they have succeeded in most instances, and that is to oppose everything President Obama wants. That continues to today. As far as poison pill amendments, we are on record numerous times talking about why it is wrong to have these poison pill riders. For example, I said on the floor: 
True bipartisanship also requires both par-ties to resist the temptation to pursue poi-son pill riders that appeal to their own sup-porters, but that are so strongly opposed by the other party that their inclusion in appro-priations bills would grind the process to a halt. No doubt there will be many opportuni-ties next year for both sides to score polit-ical points. But the appropriations process is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.002 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2505 April 28, 2016 
not the place for that. And I hope members in both parties will agree that it’s more im-portant to fund the government than to play politics. 
That is what I said when we started this Congress, and that is what the Senators who wrote this letter, which my friend the Republican leader talked about, want to do. We want to do ap-propriations bills, and we were on a rush to get the first one done. We were headed to victory, and then out of no-where comes a poison pill rider. Every-one acknowledges that is what it is. There are many definitions of a poison pill rider but, of course, as the Presi-dent has said, one is when you can’t sign the bill. So it would be to everyone’s interest if we would simply step back, pass the bill that exists, and figure out some other way to try to embarrass the President. This is not the way to do it. Finally, my friend the Republican leader comes to the floor and talks about what a great amount of work we have done in the Senate. We have done as much as we can. We have tried to support everything. We are a responsible minority. We have not done to them what they have done to us. They opposed everything we tried to do—everything. We had to move to hundreds of motions to pro-ceed. We are pleased we got the energy leg-islation done. We tried for 5 years to get it done. We were filibustered every step of the way. We couldn’t get it done. So it was brought up again. We cooperated, and we got it done. So vir-tually everything the Republican lead-er talked about were things that we tried to do before and they wouldn’t let us. Let’s talk about what we haven’t done. They talked about having passed opioid legislation. Oops, there is one problem. They didn’t fund it. Flint, MI—oops, they did nothing. They ig-nored it for months and months and months. There was a mistake. No one dis-agrees there was a mistake made—not by us but by the Republicans—in draft-ing a deal with renewable energy cred-its—not done. There is the Zika virus. My friend says: Well, we are trying to get infor-mation. That is ridiculous. We will hear more about that in a few minutes. There are no district court nomina-tions, no hearings on the Supreme Court. There is no need to go over what hasn’t been done. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— H.R. 3038 Mr. REID. Mr. President, imagine though, if you will, that this great country is facing a potential outbreak of a dangerous virus. It is nothing that was made up in the movies, nothing that is on a special TV show. It is actu-ally a potential outbreak of a dan-gerous virus. Imagine, mosquitoes are carrying a virus that affects pregnant women, a virus that causes birth defects in ba-bies, not allowing their brains and skulls to develop. The skulls collapse on a number of them. Brains don’t de-velop. It is a virus that can cause men and women to develop nervous system disorders that can result in paralysis. We don’t know the full extent of this. We had a briefing here a week ago today with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Na-tional Institutes of Health. We had the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices here. They are in a state of emer-gency. They need to do something. They need to develop a vaccine. This is on its way. It is here. It is here in Puerto Rico. We have cases reported in the State of my friend, Florida. He is someone with whom I have served in the House and in the Senate. Senator NELSON of Florida is one of our very outstanding Mem-bers. We already know there are cases in Florida. Thirty States are going to be affected with these mosquitoes as the weather warms. I have been told in the past that mosquitoes have never caused birth defects. They have caused all kinds of problems with malaria and other things, but not birth defects. Now they are here. Imagine, after what I have just laid out to you, that those in control of Congress do nothing to address the im-minent danger posed by this virus. It sounds like some science fiction novel; doesn’t it? But it is not. This is real life in America. This is the reality—the Republicans’ refusal to respond to the threat of Zika. My friend mentioned that the senior Sen-ator from Washington is involved in trying to come up with something for Zika. She said yesterday she hasn’t heard a word from the Republicans in more than a week on this important issue. This is real life. Zika is a scourge that is already affecting our country, as I have outlined. It is time we pass an emergency appropriations bill to take care of it, to fight it. Out of tradition, common sense, and precedent, a public health threat is an emergency, and it demands a response. As I indicated, hundreds of people in Puerto Rico—quickly approaching a thousand—are infected. As the weather warms, as I have indicated, it is going to multiply throughout the continental United States. Thirty States will like-ly be affected with this mosquito—this killer mosquito. More than 2 months ago my friend said: We need more from the adminis-tration. More than 2 months ago the administration—desperate as they were—sent a letter to Congress saying we need an emergency request of $1.9 billion—out of desperation. What did the White House do? Two years ago we were fighting Ebola. It is still a serious worldwide problem and a problem for our country. They had to take money from vaccines they were working on for Ebola and other things and start doing Zika. Now we have a situation where both the mosquito- caused Zika and the Ebola scourge are underfunded now. Republicans have done a double whammy here. We need to give the money back to the agencies that are doing something to help Ebola and fund Zika. They haven’t lifted a finger that we are aware of. As I said yesterday, the senior Senator from Washington hasn’t heard from the so-called negotiators in more than a week. They refuse to do anything, even as the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health are plead-ing for us to act. They have been very clear about the funding they need to fight Zika. They are not making up things. They have told us in line and verse. My friend, the Republican leader said: We need more from the adminis-tration. It wasn’t all that long ago that my friend the Republican leader was singing a much different song. This is what he said about funding the out-break of Ebola 2 years ago, and it is a direct quote: 
I think they should have anything they want. . . . Whatever the [Centers for Disease Control and Prevention] thinks they need, we’ll give it to them. 
He said the same thing 7 years ago when we were faced with another real problem, swine flu. This is what he said then: ‘‘So if [the Administration] needs anything additionally from Congress, I know we’ll be happy to provide it on a totally bipartisan basis.’’ Fast forward 7 years, and the Repub-licans now in the majority won’t pro-vide the requested funding for Zika. Why? We know why. They can’t get it through over here. They can’t get it done. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health know what they need. They have told us. They told anyone who will listen. So why can’t the Republicans give it to them. If they won’t give the experts the resources they need to combat Zika, what do they propose? We could ask the Zika-carrying mosquitoes: Don’t breed this year. Remember, anyway, that it is in the last term of a two-term President. Maybe we shouldn’t do it this year. The Senate should not leave today without addressing this serious issue. We shouldn’t be taking 10 days off as a dangerous virus threatens this Na-tion—and it is threatening us. The Re-publicans should do their job and pass a $1.9 billion emergency spending bill to help protect Americans from the Zika virus. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, will the Senator yield before he makes the re-quest? Mr. REID. I am pleased to do that. I want the record to be spread with the fact that this good man—more than any other Senator, because of what he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.003 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2506 April 28, 2016 
is facing and will face in the very hot, humid, and sometimes tropical State of Florida—recognized this a long time ago. I admire him being ahead of this issue. He has been out there in the front and some of us have been trying to catch up with him. I yield to the Senator. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator for yielding. I wish to add to his comments from this Senator’s personal perspective. The State of Florida presently has 94 infected cases that we know of, includ-ing 5 pregnant women whom we know of. We also have a very mobile and size-able population of Puerto Ricans who go to that island, where, lo and behold, it is estimated that up to 20 percent of the population could ultimately be in-fected. There are upwards of close to 100 cases—multiple hundreds—that we know of. I think the actual number is in the eighties of pregnant women whom we know of who are infected in the United States. As the leader has already described, this has horrendous consequences, not only to the families but there is also the cost to society because of the de-formed babies that result—and not nec-essarily at birth. These defects may come years later, but that is a huge cost to society, not even to speak of the human tragedy. So is it any wonder that I join with the minority leader in begging for this emergency appropriations of $1.9 bil-lion. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that a summary of the amend-ment and a letter from the President detailing his request be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
EMERGENCY SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS  R
EQUEST TO FIGHT ZIKA—$1.9 BILLION (S. 2843) 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
(HHS) —$1.509 BILLION  Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion—$743 million to support Zika prevention and response strategies, including: domestic response efforts to prevent, detect and re-spond to Zika; providing grants and tech-nical assistance to Puerto Rico and U.S. Ter-ritories; and international CDC response ac-tivities, including expanding field epidemi-ology resources and infectious disease sur-veillance. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices—$246 million to support increasing the Medicaid Federal Medical Assistance Per-centage (FMAP) from 55 to 65 percent for one year in Puerto Rico and other U.S. Terri-tories. National Institutes of Health—$277 million to support efforts to develop a vaccine for Zika, as well as to support basic research on Zika virus. Food and Drug Administration—$10 mil-lion to support vaccine and diagnostic devel-opment review. Biomedical Advanced Research and Devel-opment Authority (BARDA)—$188 million to support vaccines and diagnostics develop-ment and procurement. Health Resources and Services Administra-tion—$20 million to support health centers, the Maternal and Child Health Block Grant/ Home Visiting, the National Health Service Corps, and the Countermeasures Injury Pro-tection Program. Other HHS activities—$25 million for ur-gent and emerging threats. DEPARTMENT OF STATE —$41 MILLION  Supports U.S. citizens in affected coun-tries, medical support for State Department employees in affected countries, public diplo-macy, communications, and other operations activities. Also supports the World Health Organization and its regional arm, the Pan American Health Organization. These re-sources would support critical public health actions underway, including preparedness, surveillance, data collection, and risk com-munication. Activities would also include support for the UN Children’s Fund’s (UNICEF) Zika response efforts in Brazil, and support for the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to bolster diagnostic capabilities through deployment of equip-ment, and specialized training and to imple-ment projects to suppress mosquito popu-lations in affected areas. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT —$335 MILLION  Supports affected countries’ ability to con-trol mosquitoes and the transmission of the virus, support maternal health, expand pub-lic education on prevention and response, and to create new incentives for the develop-ment of vaccines and diagnostics. The bill also replenishes Ebola money that was reprogrammed for Zika—$510 million on April 6, 2016, the Administration announced that it had to act to address the growing Zika emergency, so it identified $589 mil-lion—including $510 million of existing Ebola resources within HHS, State and USAID—to be redirected to immediate activities to fight Zika. The $1.9 billion will replenish the redirected Ebola funds: $215 for HHS Ebola balances and $295 for State/USAID Ebola bal-ances. 
THEWHITE HOUSE , Washington, February 22, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : Today, I ask the Con-gress to consider the enclosed FY 2016 emer-gency supplemental appropriations request of approximately $1.9 billion to respond to the Zika virus both domestically and inter-nationally. This funding would build upon ongoing preparedness efforts and provide re-sources for the Departments of Health and Human Services and State, and the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID). Funding would support immediate response activities to prevent the spread of, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus trans-mission; fortify domestic public health sys-tems to prevent, detect, and respond to Zika virus transmission; speed research, develop-ment, and procurement of vaccines, thera-peutics, and diagnostics; provide emergency assistance to States and the U.S. Territories to combat the virus; provide additional Fed-eral Medicaid funding in Puerto Rico and the other U.S. Territories for health services for pregnant women at risk of infection or diag-nosed with Zika virus, and for children with microcephaly, and for other health care costs; and enhance the ability of Zika-af-fected countries to better combat mosqui-toes, control transmission, and support af-fected populations. The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention reports 50 laboratory-confirmed cases of the Zika virus among U.S. travelers from December 2015–February 5, 2016. In ad-dition, the Pan American Health Organiza-tion reports 26 countries and territories in the Americas with local Zika transmission. On February 1, 2016, the World Health Orga-nization declared the Zika virus a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. My foremost priority is to protect the health and safety of Americans. This request supports the necessary steps to fortify our domestic health system, detect and respond to any potential Zika outbreaks at home, and to limit the spread in other countries. The request includes approximately $1.9 billion to respond to Zika virus transmission across the United States and internation-ally. In addition, transfer authority is re-quested to allow for sufficient response and flexibility across the Federal Government to address changing circumstances and emerg-ing needs related to the Zika virus. My Administration requests that the fund-ing described above be designated as emer-gency requirements pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. I urge the Congress to act expeditiously in considering this important request, the de-tails of which are set forth in the enclosed letter from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. Sincerely, BARACK OBAMA .Mr. REID. The record should reflect that the people of Puerto Rico are American citizens. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 157, H.R. 3038; that all after the enacting clause be stricken; that the Nelson substitute amendment to enhance the Federal re-sponse and preparedness with respect to the Zika virus, which is at the desk, be agreed to; that there be up to 2 hours of debate, equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The assistant majority leader. Mr. CORNYN. Reserving the right to object, there is bipartisan support for doing what we need to do to address the Zika virus, which, as the Senator from Florida correctly pointed out, has dramatically affected the territory of Puerto Rico. Fortunately, according to the latest statistics from the Centers for Disease Control, there is no single case in the continental United States of a mosquito-borne infection in some-one in the continental United States. But that is not to say this is not a seri-ous matter. In fact, it is. That is why Republicans were glad to see the ad-ministration use the unexpended funds for the Ebola crisis—some $500 mil-lion—as a downpayment on what is going to be necessary to deal with this. But the fact is, our friends across the aisle have requested a $1.9 billion blank check, and they haven’t told us what the plan is for the use of the funds. In the bill filed by Senator N
ELSON , he said those funds will be spent until they are gone. And, of course, it is emergency spending, which is deficit spending and adds to the debt. But the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.004 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2507 April 28, 2016 
legislation completely lacks any sort of accountability that would only come through a regular appropriations proc-ess where we consider this in a delib-erate sort of way. So I have a number of questions for the Senator that I would ask. I would note that I have traveled to the Galveston National Laboratory, which has done some world-class re-search in this area and also on the Ebola virus and other infectious dis-eases. Last Friday I was in Houston at the Texas Medical Center talking to the experts and trying to learn more about this so I can do my job as a Sen-ator in a responsible sort of way. We all agree that this is a serious matter and it should be negotiated on a bipartisan basis, but we should at least have a plan from the administra-tion for how the money is going to be spent. There is no plan. It is a blank check. And until we get a plan and can sit down and avoid the histrionics and the gamesmanship and the partisan-ship on something that should be non-partisan, we object to the request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend the assistant Republican leader has a lot of nerve. There have been a lot of States affected with emergencies in the last decade, and Texas has had its share. We have been willing to help them on floods and fires and all the other problems they have had, some of them manmade, some of them not so. Those were emergencies; this is an emergency. For the Republicans to come to this body this morning and say there is no plan—there is a plan. Of course there is a plan. There is $1.9 billion. Pay back the money for Ebola so we can con-tinue that. That is $500 million right there. We also want to do something to help Puerto Rico, which needs to be done. That is approximately $200 mil-lion. We have some help—a minimum amount—for countries outside the United States where these mosquitoes are breeding. We want to try to do something about that. And, of course, most of the money here is for research to come up with vaccines and other programs to alleviate the disaster fac-ing this country. The President has outlined that, and the Senator from Florida has outlined that. To have the assistant majority leader say that we need to sit down and nego-tiate—we are not in the majority. They have an obligation to bring something to the floor. If there is bipartisan sup-port to do something, why aren’t the Republicans doing something? Wait and wait while we are home glad-hand-ing people during the next week? We should be doing something here to ad-dress this emergency. It is an emer-gency. Mr. NELSON. Will the Senator yield, Mr. President? Mr. REID. Yes, I will. Mr. NELSON. In answering directly the question of the Senator from Texas, before he objected, he wanted to ask this Senator a question as to what is the plan. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, has the Democratic leader yielded the floor, or is it for a question? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader has yielded the floor for a question. Mr. NELSON. All right, I will put it in the form of a question. Does the Democratic leader believe that this Senator has spoken many times on the floor laying out the spe-cifics of the request of $1.9 billion, which includes the replenishment of $589 million to the Ebola fund which had been advanced to fight this emer-gency? Does the Senator believe that? And does the Senator further believe that I have in my hand that breakdown that I have had printed in the R
ECORD ? Mr. REID. Mr. President, to my friend from Florida, yes. And where did he get that information in preparing this legislation? He got it from the ad-ministration. Everybody knows what is in this legislation. What my friend the assistant Republican leader said is non-sense. If there is some bipartisan support— and I am confident they would come up with something—we would do our best to try to support it, but this is the leg-islation we need. This is a desperate situation, and it is going to become more desperate as each day goes by be-cause the summer season is fast ap-proaching. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant majority leader. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, let me just suggest that, contrary to what the Democratic leader has said, the ques-tions I have asked about where their plan is are not nonsense, and let me demonstrate the specific questions which I have and which I think other responsible Senators are going to want answers to before we write a blank check for $1.9 billion to the administra-tion, particularly when they already have access, as the Senator from Flor-ida said, to the $589 million, which are unexpended Ebola funds. One of the questions I would like to get answers to—and I think we can then have a meaningful discussion and act responsibly—is, What specific ac-tivities are going to be funded by the $1.9 billion plan? For example, the bill from the Senator from Florida provides $743 million to the Centers for Disease Control. Is that for domestic activi-ties? Is it focused on Puerto Rico? Is it for CDC international activities? And if so, where? The second question I have is, What are the agency’s priorities? Continuing with the CDC issue, will they focus on vector control activities, outreach, and education? As we know, this is a mos-quito-borne disease. It is not the only mosquito-borne disease, but unfortu-nately this mosquito has not only been present in Central and South America but is now, as the Democratic leader says, present in some of the more trop-ical climates, the warmer climates, in-cluding my State of Texas. So I take this personally and seriously. But it also affects Florida, no doubt about it, Louisiana, and we don’t know how it might spread or how this virus might morph over time. Another question I have is, How long does the administration expect to use the funding? For example, we have an annual appropriations process, which has been filibustered by our Demo-cratic colleagues, starting with the En-ergy and Water bill, and now they want us to fund an emergency appropriation for an unlimited period of time without any plan to spend the money. That is irresponsible. The request from the Senator from Florida in his bill says the money will be spent ‘‘until expended,’’ until it runs out, and they have provided no further details on what will be funded this year and in future years. The reason I mention the appropria-tions process is that we all know we are in the appropriations season now, and it would be appropriate for the Committee on Appropriations to proc-ess this request and to come up with a recommendation for the full Senate, but that has not yet happened. I am told the discussions are ongoing, which is a good thing, and that is where this ought to be resolved, not through grandstanding on the Senate floor in an effort to try to make this a partisan issue. This is not a partisan or political issue. It should not be. There is bipar-tisan concern and willingness to ad-dress this issue. But can they spend $1.9 billion before the end of the fiscal year, when the appropriations process will start up again? In other words, it doesn’t take a lot of thought to realize this is a request for a blank check without regard for the accountability that comes from what we call the reg-ular order here in the appropriations process in the Senate. We know the administration trans-ferred funding from unobligated Ebola funds 2 weeks ago. What is the admin-istration using that $589 million for that is related to Zika? I think we should know the answer to that. And that also demonstrates what happens when Congress appropriates money on an emergency basis without knowing what the plan is, because obviously the Ebola crisis has abated to some extent. I am not saying it has gone away com-pletely, particularly in countries like Africa, but there is a pot of money— $589 million—which suggests maybe we inadvertently appropriated more money on an emergency basis for the Ebola crisis than ultimately was nec-essary. I am not faulting anybody for that; I am just saying that is the way this works when you ask for the money first without a plan and there is no ac-countability for how the money is spent. You have these pots of money out there that are—fortunately in this case—available now to deal with the Zika issue. In the Health and Human Services re-quest contained in the bill from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.006 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2508 April 28, 2016 
Senator from Florida, there are other issues. One, they ask for a government-wide contingency fund that Health and Human Services controls and can transfer funds elsewhere. So what they want to do is play a shell game with this money. They want to get the money, and if they do not need it to deal with Zika, they can transfer it for other purposes—again, without any transparency or any real political ac-countability. I think responsible Members of the Senate—and I would expect all 100 of us would put ourselves in that category— would want to know where the trans-parency is, where the accountability is, where the plan is, so we can sit down and do this as mature adults in a non-partisan way in order to solve the prob-lem. Here is another thing that sort of jumps out at me: When I look at the President’s request for $1.9 billion, they actually talk about funding mat-ters unrelated to Zika. They talk about funding things at the Environmental Protection Agency. And looking at the request to transfer funds government-wide, basically they are requesting money, it appears—unless there is some logical explanation as to why we should, which they have not yet made—on an emergency basis, to grant funds to the Environmental Protection Agency. That is a little hard to under-stand. Finally, there is this: All of us are willing to deal with this in a respon-sible, nonpartisan way. That is the rea-son I have spent time at the Galveston National Laboratory and the Texas Medical Center trying to learn as much as I can about this, so I can do my job, just as I am sure every individual Sen-ator wants to do their job in a respon-sible way. But to come in and ask for $1.9 billion in emergency funding, which means it is not paid for—it is borrowed money, which adds to the def-icit and the debt—is a pretty serious matter, especially when our national debt is $19 trillion and has almost dou-bled under the Obama administration. This is a very serious matter, and I treat it seriously, and I trust all 100 Senators believe this is something we ought to deal with responsibly and in a deliberate sort of way, and we will. But it is not by coming to the floor and grandstanding by asking for $1.9 billion blank checks without any plan to spend it in an appropriate sort of way. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Senator from Washington. f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, there are already nearly 900 cases of the Zika virus in the United States and its 3 ter-ritories, including actually 2 confirmed cases in my home State of Washington. A recent survey showed that 40 percent of adults in our country see this virus as a reason to delay starting families. Those are disturbing statistics. They make it clear that the Zika virus is a public health emergency, and there is no good reason for the delay we are seeing from our Republican colleagues in addressing this. Months ago, the administration put forward the strong proposal that Sen-ator R
EID introduced today. Repub-licans refused at the time to even con-sider it, and I am disappointed again this morning that they weighed in on the side of further delay rather than acting on this. As a result, we are get-ting closer to the summer and to mos-quito season, but we still here in this body have not moved on emergency supplemental funding that would put much needed resources into preventing and treating this frightening virus. Too many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle still don’t seem to see Zika as an emergency. Some Re-publicans are insisting we shouldn’t give the administration a penny in ad-ditional funding to support the re-sponse we need to make. Others are saying that action on Zika can wait— wait for weeks or months. Republicans in Congress might be able to simply wait, but families across this country cannot. Addressing this Zika virus shouldn’t be controversial. With women’s and children’s health and well-being on the line, it certainly should not be a place for partisanship. Democrats are at the table. We want to get this done as soon as possible. In fact, as recently as a few days ago I was hopeful Republicans were truly in-terested in working with us to get this done and to be able to find an actual path forward. We had some good con-versations last week. But I am worried that in the last few days it has become clear once again that the extreme right, like the Heritage Foundation, is in control, and Republican leaders have been unable to demonstrate to this point a path on how we can get a bipar-tisan deal signed into law. This issue is far too important to have Republican infighting hold it up. So I urge my Re-publican colleagues to join us. We are ready to be at the table to work with them. We need to address this as an emergency. Then I hope we can move on to work on the other really critical issues be-fore us: the opioid epidemic that so many have been here to talk about; the families in Flint who are suffering; en-suring our Supreme Court nominee gets a fair consideration—a hearing, even. There is so much work to be done. I am here to urge our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to recognize this is an emergency. It cannot wait. Families are waiting for us to act. We need to get the research. We need to have an understanding of what this dis-ease is. We certainly need to put into place prevention, and we certainly need to work on the important path forward in making sure we have the right kinds of education out there as well as a so-lution to this problem that is rapidly becoming an American problem. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, if this isn’t an emergency, then I don’t know what is. Zika is a public health emer-gency. It defines a public health emer-gency, and we really have to act now to fund the administration’s full $1.9 bil-lion supplemental funding request. I want to respond to the assistant majority leader’s concerns that there is no plan. With due respect—and I know he is working hard on this as well—that is just not accurate. The legislation propounded by Senators N
ELSON and others has a very specific plan. I was fortunate enough to visit the headquarters for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in At-lanta. They have a very specific plan. It is vector controlled. It is developing the diagnostic tests necessary to figure out whether or not people are carriers of the Zika virus. It is working on a vaccine. They have a high degree of confidence that they are eventually going to get a vaccine. But this takes time, and this takes resources. It is public health outreach regarding mos-quitos and how this is transmitted, and it is assurance regarding the safety of our blood supply. So they have a plan. Let me be a little more specific: $743 million for CDC—this money would in-clude grants and technical assistance to Puerto Rico and the U.S. territories and help our domestic and inter-national response activities; about $250 million for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, or CMS, to increase the Federal match rate to Puerto Rico where there have been 500 active trans-mission cases—and, unfortunately, that number continues to go up; sev-eral hundred million dollars for the Na-tional Institutes of Health and BARDA to invest in vaccine research and devel-opment. That is the end game, but in the meantime, we have to prevent the transmission as our country warms up and as the mosquitos become more prevalent across the country with $10 million to the FDA for a vaccine and diagnostics development review and $335 million to USAID’s efforts abroad to support affected countries’ public health efforts on mosquito-borne dis-eases. I will make a couple of specific proce-dural points. As a member of the Ap-propriations Committee, I believe it is really important that we are trying to move in the regular order on each indi-vidual Appropriations subcommittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.007 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2509 April 28, 2016 
We have been working on a bipartisan basis. So we are trying to move in the regular order, and that is good news. We are moving a little more quickly than I think has been done in many years. That is good news. But the prac-tical fact of that also means that we are not in the middle of working on legislation that must be passed by today or must be passed by next week because whatever we do—whether it is the Energy and Water title, whether it is THUD coming next, maybe MILCON- VA after, whatever it may be—we are going to be waiting for the House to act, and we are going to be confer-encing. It is not at all clear when we will actually move appropriations measures to the President’s desk, but it is fair to say those things are not ex-actly legislatively on fire. We could wait 2 or 3 legislative days. We could wait 2 or 3 legislative weeks. We are ahead of the game. That is not to say we don’t have our own challenges with each of these individual appropriations measures, but this defines an emer-gency. This defines an emergency. This is an actual public health emergency, which means the idea of a pay-for for this is antithetical to the way we ought to work. This is what govern-ment does. Whatever your political persuasion, whatever your ideology is about the size and scope of the Federal Govern-ment, I think we can all agree that the most basic responsibility of the Fed-eral Government is to keep us all safe. This is a real risk. This is not an imag-inary risk, this is not a trumped-up risk, and this is not a partisan thing. If you talk to the CDC, if you talk to your local departments of health, vec-tor controls, mosquito control areas— talk to them. They are very nervous, and it is increasing. The only reason this hasn’t totally popped both epidemiologically and politically is that it is still cold in a lot of places and mosquitos aren’t out. This is a real emergency. There is no reason we shouldn’t be taking this up as the emergency starts to happen. There is no reason we can’t take a couple legis-lative days to deal with that. To address the senior Senator from Texas, the assistant majority leader’s questions about whether the plan ad-dresses his concerns about account-ability, about the ability to move money from one account to the other, about backfilling the Ebola funding— fine. Those are all legitimate ques-tions, and I think they can all be ad-dressed. But here is my question: Why not get on the bill? Why object to a UC request that we get on the bill? All of those questions can be addressed on the floor or in committee or in conversation. There are many ways to address those questions. But the refusal to even ac-knowledge that this matter is suffi-ciently urgent that it should be the thing we are dealing with right now, that THUD could wait a week, and that whatever we are planning to do next is not quite as urgent as the Zika virus— that is the point we are making today. Not that there isn’t going to be some legislative wrangling and not that we are supposing that the President’s re-quest is exactly perfect, it is just that this is a real emergency, and we ought to get this thing onto the floor so we can take some action. That is what we have to do. I know the Senator from Missouri is working very hard on this. I know oth-ers are too. We don’t want this to be a partisan issue either. But to object to a request to get on this bill fails to ac-knowledge what a serious public health emergency the Zika virus is. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I came to the floor today to talk about another issue, and I will talk about the issue I had scheduled to talk about earlier this week. But in regard to the issue of Zika, it does need to be dealt with. It is being dealt with. The good news is that there was sub-stantial money various departments had that could be reprogrammed, and the fact that they have reprogrammed it indicates to me that there is a gen-uine belief in the administration, which I share, that this is an emer-gency. Over half a billion dollars has already been reprogrammed to deal with that emergency. I believe some of that reprogramming money needs to be restored, and some of it probably doesn’t. The Ebola crisis is not what we thought it might be in Africa, but it is still in existence there. I think some of that money needs to go back into the accounts it had been reprogrammed out of. But if anybody listening to this de-bate believes that nothing is hap-pening, that is not accurate. I do ap-preciate my friend from Florida recog-nizing that a lot of discussions are going on. I was in several this week, and some yesterday with House Mem-bers and Senate Members. The House could pass a bill first. That may or may not happen, but what really needs to happen is a bill that gets on the President’s desk. I think there is almost no chance the Senate would pass a $1.9 billion bill as pro-posed. The best place to debate that could be the Senate floor for several days or it could be to work on a bill that could come to the floor quickly, go to the House, and be passed by the House. If there were a slim chance that the Senate could pass the bill we have been talking about—the bill as pro-posed that would spend $1.9 billion, in big hundred-million dollar chunks, which we talk about as if that is no money at all and is somehow a plan— that in all likelihood wouldn’t pass the Senate, and I am absolutely sure it wouldn’t pass the House. What would we have gained? This is something we need to work out. We can work it out. I believe we will work it out. The goal is not for the Senate to pass a bill. The goal is for the Congress to pass a bill and the President of the United States to sign that bill. I be-lieve that will happen. Many people, including me, are working to see that happens. The majority leader knows that, and others who have spoken today reflect the fact that they know those discussions are going on. 
f 
FALLEN HEROES FLAG ACT Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, what I came to talk about today is a bill we did pass a couple of weeks ago. As we get ready for police week early in May—I think the week of the 9th of May—there are people we want to rec-ognize and do recognize and do appre-ciate. I am cochair, along with Senator C
OONS of Delaware, of the Law Enforce-ment Caucus. I want to speak today about something we have just done to honor our first responders. I want to start by recognizing the first responders from my State of Mis-souri who lost their lives in the line of duty last year. In Missouri, four law enforcement officers died in the line of duty. Deputy Sheriff Steven Brett Hawkins of the Harrison County Sher-iff’s Office, Trooper James Matthew Bava of the Missouri State Highway Patrol, Sergeant Peggy Marie Vassallo of the Bellefontaine Neighbors Police Department, and Officer Ronald Eu-gene Strittmatter of the Lakeshire Po-lice Department lost their lives. Deputy Sheriff Brett Hawkins of Bethany, MO, suffered a fatal heart at-tack on September 13 following an emergency response. He was 34 years old. Deputy Sheriff Hawkins suffered that attack after returning home from his shift, which included the search of a residence and surrounding property. He had served with the Harrison Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office for 3 years. He is sur-vived by his wife, daughter, and three sons. Trooper James Bava of Mexico, MO, was involved in a fatal vehicle crash while pursuing a motorcyclist for a traffic stop on August 28. Trooper Bava had served with the Missouri State Highway Patrol for 2 years. He was 25 years old the day he lost his life serv-ing us. He is survived by his parents, a brother, three sisters, and his fiancee. Sergeant Peggy Vassallo of Belle-fontaine Neighbors Police Department was struck and killed by a vehicle on August 24 while rendering aid to an-other driver after being involved in an accident en route to work. Sergeant Vassallo had served with the Belle-fontaine Neighbors Police Department for 15 years and had previously served with the St. Louis County Police De-partment for over 13 years, almost 30 years’ service. She is survived by her husband, son, and two grandchildren. Officer Ronald Strittmatter suffered a heart attack after attempting to help an older person who had fallen. Officer Strittmatter had served in the Lakeshire Police Department for 4 years and had previously served in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.010 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2510 April 28, 2016 
St. Louis Metropolitan Police Depart-ment for 24 years. He is survived by his wife and a son. In Missouri, we also lost five fire-fighters and first responders in the line of duty last year. Battalion Chief Chris Tindall of Raymore, MO, died shortly after re-sponding to an emergency incident in January 2015. He was a 19-year veteran of the South Metro Fire Department. Larry Lawhorn, a volunteer fire-fighter with the Orchard Farm Fire Protection District, suffered a fatal medical emergency in May of last year while driving a first responder vehicle en route to a structure fire. He had been a volunteer with the department for 20 years and had previously served 15 years with the St. Charles County Fire District. In October 2015, two firefighters were killed in Kansas City in the line of duty. Larry Leggio, a 17-year veteran of the Kansas City Fire Department, and John Mesh, a 13-year veteran of the Kansas City Fire Department, were able to save two residents from a burn-ing apartment complex before a wall collapsed on them after they had evac-uated other people from the building. EMS pilot Ronald Rector of Linn, MO, was killed during a flight oper-ation in March 2015. He was inbound to pick up additional crew members at St. Louis University Hospital in a medical helicopter when his helicopter crashed. Early this month, I introduced the Fallen Heroes Flag Act, which creates a program to provide a flag flown over the Capitol to the family of fire-fighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambu-lance crews, and public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of duty. I thank my colleagues for unanimously passing that bill last week. The House had already passed a similar measure introduced by Congressman P
ETER  K
ING, and I hope to get a final bill on the President’s desk in very short order. Our Nation’s first responders put themselves in harm’s way to keep us safe, and we mourn the loss of all those who have given their lives in the line of duty. We can never in any way fully repay the debt we owe them and their families. These are people who go to work every day, with the greatest goal for their families being that they come home safely that day, and they have more reason to worry about that than most of us have. All we can offer in-stead is our gratitude. My hope is that each flag that is flown over the Capitol and provided to these families will be a lasting symbol of our appreciation and a fitting honor to those who embody the very best of what we stand for as a nation. 
f 
SILVER STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, as I con-clude, one other thing I want to men-tion is Silver Star Service Banner Day. I thank my colleagues for unanimously passing a resolution I submitted with Senator MCCASKILL last week to des-ignate May 1 as Silver Star Service Banner Day. It is a day we honor our Nation’s servicemembers who have been injured or become ill while serv-ing, and we also honor their families on that day. I am grateful to work for this cause and for the work the Silver Star Fami-lies of America do. This is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Clever, MO. In 2004, that group began its work to remember, to honor, and to assist members of the Armed Forces from every branch of the military and from every war. This organization assists veterans who have suffered physical or emotional trauma from war and dis-tributes Silver Star flags and care packages to wounded veterans and their families. Our military men and women put their lives on the line to defend our Na-tion, and many have done so in ways that result in tremendous personal cost for them and their families—from loss of life, to injury, to trauma of all kinds. On Silver Star Service Banner Day, I hope all Americans will take a moment to reflect on the countless sac-rifices and appreciate the blessings of freedom their service has provided. We salute our former and current servicemembers and encourage all Americans to do the same with the presence of a Silver Star service ban-ner in the window or a Silver Star flag flying in the front yard. Those who serve deserve and should receive the gratitude of the Nation, whether they serve in the military or as first re-sponders, and in the last few days the Congress was able to step forward and recognize those who serve in unique ways. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE NATIONAL DEBT Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, the talk of the debt in our Nation has been diminishing. Unfortunately, debt itself has not also diminished. While the def-icit has been reduced significantly over the last several years, the debt con-tinues to grow. It is now crossing well over $19 trillion. It is my concern that we as a body continue to get distracted with other things and lose track of the looming debt issues we will still con-tinue to face and we will be held to ac-count for, and rightfully so. The American people expect us to come here and solve a lot of issues— solve not only crisis issues such as Zika and other issues around the coun-try, but also what we are going to do with national defense and security. There is an expectation that we will be able to do multiple things, but over all of that, there is an expectation that we will balance the Nation’s checkbook and find a way to be able to solve these issues. I don’t think that is an unrea-sonable request. When we cross over $19 trillion, at what point do we as a body decide that this is enough and that we need to work together to solve the issues we face? The Congressional Budget Office continues to challenge us and to tell us that this is an unsustainable pace, and the Nation as whole continues to push back. I think we should pay attention to it. I thank Gene Dodaro and the good folks from the Government Account-ability Office for putting out their lat-est report on what they define as op-portunities to reduce fragmentation, overlap, duplication, and achieve other financial benefits. It is the report that GAO puts out every year that we often call a duplication report—here are the problems, here are the unresolved issues. Last year, I asked Gene Dodaro and GAO specifically to break it up and to make it very clear—not just to say where it is in government but whose responsibility it is, who can actually fix this. They broke it up this year into two different sections basically saying: This is the administration and the agencies. They already have the au-thority to fix this, and these are the issues they face. He also identified 63 areas that spe-cifically only Congress can fix. It is a to-do list for us of things that we need to either vote on and discuss or we need to disagree with GAO and be able to push back on, but we shouldn’t just ignore it and say we are going to do nothing on it. We have dealt with this every single year for the last several years. We all face the duplication. We all hear the stories about it. My challenge is, How do we actually bring this to the floor, vote on it, solve it, and move forward from here? It will leave some things ac-tually addressed. Part of the issue we face every year with duplication is that duplication is buried into the governmental system, and it takes a GAO report to pull it out. I have proposed a bill for several years now. I did it in the House and brought it over to the Senate. It is called the Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act. The Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act already passed the House this year, and it has not yet cleared the Senate. The Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act is a very clear transparency piece. It says: Shouldn’t we have a list of every pro-gram in the Federal Government, how much we spend on that program, how many staff are committed to it, what that program does, and, specifically, how it is evaluated? It is a very straightforward, transparent piece. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.011 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2511 April 28, 2016 
Everyone in this body continues to talk about duplication and says we should do something about it. GAO then highlights it for us, but the chal-lenge is that you can’t easily identify it until you do a very deep search on it. I think we should be able to have a level of transparency so we can see where the duplication is by comparing one program to another. That way we can all address it and talk about it. Yesterday, at the Indian Affairs Com-mittee hearing, we were doing a mark-up. The conversation in that markup was about several programs that seemed to be very good ideas to serve Indian Country. The problem is that many of them already exist in another agency, and they are not doing their job very well. The challenge is this: Can we get rid of it in another agency and not just start it in a second, third, or fourth agency? We can’t continue to say: It is not working over there. So let’s just do it somewhere else. Every time I bring up the issue, they say: We don’t know what agency it exists in. The Tax-payer’s Right-to-Know Act provides a very simple list that should be search-able and public and that everyone would be able to see. It is currently being held up right now and going back and forth in this ongoing conversation about something as simple as: How many programs should we see? OMB has pushed this issue back on us and said: We will have program trans-parency but only for the biggest pro-grams. We basically said: If you spend $1 million on this program, you should have transparency. They said: No, let’s do a much higher number. Let’s do $10 million or more. Yesterday, we asked Gene Dodaro: If we dropped this number from $10 mil-lion to $1 million, how many programs will suddenly go away? He said: It is in the thousands. That just puts us in the same spot. We can’t eliminate duplication we can’t see. The famous philosopher Muhammad Ali said: ‘‘Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee, the hands can’t hit what the eyes can’t see.’’ We, as a body, spend a lot of our time saying: I would love to get rid of dupli-cation, but we can’t see it. Let’s actu-ally expose it. Let’s get it out there so everyone can see it and we can clear this issue. Let’s just solve this very simple issue. Let’s make it trans-parent, and then let’s work together. Senator T
ESTER and I had a great conversation after the Indian Affairs Committee hearing yesterday. We agreed that we would look for areas of duplication in Indian Country. We are not looking for more programs. We are looking for programs that actually work and accomplish what they should accomplish, and for things that don’t work, we can eliminate them. We can take that money from one area and put it in another area where it actually does work. At the end of the day, we have to get back to balance. We can’t keep funding duplicative programs that don’t work, and we should be able to accomplish this together. Last year, I put out a report called ‘‘Federal Fumbles: 100 Ways the Gov-ernment Dropped the Ball.’’ Two-thirds of that book identified duplication and waste in the government. We have made progress on some of those already this year. We have so much more to do. The key to it is that we actually need to get busy working on it instead of just talking about it. Yesterday, Gene Dodaro, who is with GAO, also mentioned a bill that BEN S
ASSE is working on called the new hire database bill. I think it is a very good bill, and I am glad to be sup-portive of what he is trying to accom-plish there. Senator S
ASSE wants to do one thing, and that is to be able to say that when we actually do means-tested programs, we should be able to see the employment records. That should be a very open process for those who are in the means-tested program, but right now GAO and other groups do not have access to the new hires database. So there is no way to see those in the means-tested program. There are people who self-report their income, and there is no way to be able to verify that. Shouldn’t we be able to verify that? It is a straightforward solution in a day and time when they continue to bring up obvious things year after year, such as having the same person being eligible for disability and unem-ployment insurance at the same time. That person will actually receive un-employment and disability benefits si-multaneously. Disability benefits, by definition, means you cannot work anywhere in the economy, and that is why you get disability benefits. Unem-ployment benefits, by definition, means you can work in the economy, but you are not currently employed. Why should you be eligible for both? GAO has brought that up to us. That is not a partisan issue. That should be a solvable issue, and it is costing tax-payers billions of dollars. It is one of the things that we have to be able to work on together so we can actually solve this problem. This is not too hard for us, and the American people expect us to get it done. My only challenge is this: Let’s actu-ally get it done. With that, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I wish to address two different issues this morn-ing, but I think both are timely and important. The first issue I will address has to do with a telephone conversation I had a few minutes ago with Dr. Thomas Frieden. Dr. Frieden heads up the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, GA. Most Americans don’t know much about the agency, but the title speaks for itself. The CDC, as we call it, is America’s first line of defense in a public health crisis. When we think that Americans—individuals and families—are in danger or vulnerable, we call the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and ask them to ana-lyze the challenge and then give us the right public health response to that challenge. A few months ago, I went to their campus in Atlanta, GA. It is very im-pressive, not just for the buildings but also for the people who are there. We have some of the best health research-ers in the world working for our Fed-eral Government at CDC—most of them at financial sacrifice. They want to be part of solving problems and pro-tecting America. Just as the folks in the Pentagon across the river believe in the protection of America, so do the people at the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention. The CDC is our first line of defense against public health attacks. This morning I called Dr. Frieden to talk about the Zika virus. I have come to know him and have worked with him over the years. Most people have learned about it by now. We are learn-ing more about it every single day. We have kind of traced its origin to South America, and now it is moving north. It is moving north into Puerto Rico in a big way, and Florida is likely to be the next State to witness the Zika virus being transmitted by mosquitoes. Then, frankly, the whole United States is vulnerable. Not only can this virus be transmitted to an individual if they are bit by a mosquito, but it can also be transmitted by the sexual contact of a person already infected by the virus. If you have the virus and a mosquito bites you and then bites your wife, you may have just transmitted the virus to her through that mosquito. We are learning. The reason why this is more than just a mosquito bite and an irritation is that this virus can cause serious public health problems. We know that pregnant women with this virus run the risk of giving birth to babies with difficulties and serious problems, and so we are monitoring it very closely. How many employees at CDC are working on the Zika virus threat to America? There are 1,000. When you think of all of the things that we need to worry about, they believe—and, I think, rightly so—that this is the im-minent public health threat to our country. There are a lot of unanswered questions about the Zika virus, such as these: How long does it stay in an indi-vidual? How long can an individual who is infected with the virus transmit it to another person? For those who are car-rying the virus, what impact does it have on their health? What impact does it have on a pregnant woman car-rying this virus? It turns out there are literally hun-dreds now in the United States who have been infected with the Zika virus. We expect some lull in the number of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.013 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2512 April 28, 2016 
cases, and then they are going to pick up in intensity and number this sum-mer. We also know—and the announce-ment will be made soon—that there are pregnant women in the United States who have been infected by the Zika virus. The obvious question is this: Are we doing everything we should be doing to protect America? Sadly, the answer is no, we are not. Two months ago, President Obama said to the Congress: I need a supple-mental emergency appropriation to deal with this threat. He asked for $1.9 billion. They want to monitor the Zika virus and how it is traveling across the United States. They want to monitor those who have already been infected. They want to develop a vaccine that we can take that will protect us in the fu-ture. From where I am standing, I can’t think of a single public health chal-lenge in America as great as this Zika virus at this moment. One would think that the Congress, now that they know the facts, would have moved instantly to provide the money to the Presi-dent—this emergency supplemental ap-propriation of $1.9 billion. But the an-swer is they have done nothing. The leaders in the House and in the Senate have done nothing to provide emer-gency funds to this administration to deal with this public health emergency. It is so bad that this week a Repub-lican leader in the House announced publicly that he didn’t see any emer-gency. He thinks we may get around to an appropriation for this in October. Well, I don’t know what his lifestyle is like, but in the Midwest we have a tendency to get out on the patio and have barbecues and invite our friends and neighbors over. We worry about mosquitoes. It doesn’t start in October. It starts now. I don’t know if this Re-publican Congressman plans on sending a memo to the mosquitoes across America saying: no buzzing and biting until October when we get around to this. It won’t work. This has been declared an emergency by not only the President but by the head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Why aren’t we acting? Why aren’t we doing something? We should be doing something. We are going to leave today. This afternoon we will vote and go home. We will be back in probably 10 or 11 days. Maybe then the Republican lead-ership in the House and Senate will de-cide this is an emergency that needs a response. The numbers will start com-ing in—the number of people across America who are facing this virus—and the concern among American families is going to grow. This is not just an ir-ritation. This is a danger to many peo-ple and certainly to women who could be pregnant. This is something we ought to be taking extremely seri-ously. We have been waiting for 2 months for this Congress to respond with an emergency appropriation to do something. I have called on the leadership in the Senate this week, and I will continue to do so today and when we return. There is no excuse. God forbid this gets worse and we look back and say: We waited too long; we didn’t respond. Let me add one other thing. The only suggestion we have heard from the Re-publican side is this: Let’s take some of the money we set aside to fight Ebola in Africa and use it for this purpose. I talked to Dr. Friedman about that. He said: It is true; there has been a real drop in the number of Ebola cases. Ebola is a deadly disease in West Af-rica and other places, and we worried about it coming to the United States. He said that we are still learning about how this disease travels. There was a man who was cured after being diagnosed with Ebola in Africa, and they just learned that a year after he was cured, he transmitted the dis-ease by sexual contact to another per-son. Even when we think we have cured and solved it, there is still a danger. Let’s make sure that we treat all of these public health hazards for what they are—dangerous to the United States and dangerous to our families. God forbid that something terrible hap-pen. I hope it doesn’t. Let’s do our job here on Capitol Hill. When the Presi-dent says we need resources to fight this, we do. I hope we move on it very quickly when we return. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, immi-gration is an issue which divides Amer-ica. You only have to tune into the Presidential debate to hear it. Most ev-eryone would agree that the immigra-tion system in America is broken. I be-lieve it is. I was part of an effort with some colleagues to try to come up with a comprehensive immigration reform bill, which passed the Senate 3 years ago by a vote of 68 to 32. We worked long and hard on that bill. We brought this bipartisan bill to the Senate, and it passed with an overwhelming major-ity. The House refused to consider the measure. Speaker Boehner never called it to the floor. The bill we passed never ever got a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives, and so here we sit today with the same broken im-migration system. Let me tell you that one part of that is very important to me and to many of my colleagues. Fifteen years ago I in-troduced a bill called the DREAM Act. The genesis of that bill—as I have said on the floor many times and will quickly repeat—began after we got a call in my Chicago office from a Ko-rean American woman who had a daughter who was a musical prodigy. She was an amazing pianist and had been accepted at two of the best music schools in America. She was filling out her application and asked her mom: What do I put down for my nationality or citizenship. Her mom said: I don’t know. When we brought you here, Tereza, you were 2 years old and came here on a visitor’s visa. I never filed any more papers. So I don’t know. The daughter said: What are we going to do? The mom said: We are going to call Durbin’s office. So they called our office and we said: Let us check the law. The law was very clear. This 18-year- old girl, brought here at the age of 2, under American law had to leave the United States for 10 years and apply to come back in. Does that sound right? When she was 2 years old, she had no voice in the decision to come to Amer-ica, no voice in the decision of filing papers. Yet our law basically told her to leave. That is when I introduced the DREAM Act. It says that if you are brought here under the age of 16, com-plete high school, no serious criminal issues in your background, we will give you a chance. We will give you a path to become legal and ultimately become a citizen. That is what the DREAM Act is. We haven’t passed that bill. We have passed it maybe once in the Senate, once in the House but never brought it together to be sent to the President. This President, Barack Obama, was my fellow Senator from Illinois for 2 years and he cosponsored the DREAM Act. So a few years ago, I joined in a let-ter to the President, with Senator Dick Lugar, a Republican from Indiana, and said to him: Help us protect these young people from being deported until we can finally pass comprehensive im-migration reform or the DREAM Act. The President listened and did it. He created what is known as DACA. What DACA says is, if you are such a young person, you may step forward, register with the government, submit yourself to a criminal background check, pay a several-hundred-dollar filing fee, and then we will give you temporary pro-tection from deportation. Then, 2 years later, 3 years later, you have to re-apply—go through the same process— pay a fee and do it again. As it turned out, 700,000 young peo-ple, who were in the same situation as the Korean girl I mentioned from Chi-cago, have applied for this DACA pro-tection so they can stay here on a tem-porary basis and go to school, work, and be a part of the United States. There is no guarantee they will ever become permanently legal or citizens— I hope they will—but at least they are protected on a temporary basis. Two years later, the President said: If you are in a family where one of the kids in the house is an American cit-izen or here legally in the United States as a permanent resident, we are going to give parents the same oppor-tunity to register with the govern-ment, to go through a criminal back-ground check, to pay their fee to the government, then to be given a tem-porary work permit to work in the United States. That is known as DAPA. So we have DACA and DAPA. It is cur-rently being challenged in the Supreme Court. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.014 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2513 April 28, 2016 
I went over for the argument before the Supreme Court last week. The State of Texas and 25 other States have challenged this saying it will create benefits for these individuals under DACA and DAPA that will cost the States money. It turns out, the whole story is that once these people are working in the United States and pay-ing taxes, the State of Texas and all the other States are going to make quite a bit more money off these work-ers when they actually are required to pay taxes, as they should. So this eco-nomic argument doesn’t go too far. The point I have tried to make to my colleagues in the Senate, as long as I have been here and as long as I have had this opportunity to talk about the DREAM Act, is that they ought to take a moment, stop listening to the Presi-dential debates, and just pay attention to the lives which are at stake in this conversation. I have come to the floor quite a few times to talk about young people who would be helped if the DREAM Act be-came the law of the land. This morning I am going to introduce Cynthia San-chez to those who are watching. Cynthia Sanchez is another young person who is living in the United States and is undocumented. She was brought here at the age of 7 from Mex-ico. She grew up in Denver, CO. She was an excellent student. In high school, Cynthia was a member of the National Honor Society and made the President’s honor roll every semester with a 4.0 grade point average. I wish I could say the same about my high school experience. Cynthia was vice president and co- president of the Student Council. She volunteered as a peer mediator and vol-unteered at the local library. She went on to attend the University of Denver where she received lots of awards and scholarships and was an active volun-teer. For the record, undocumented young people like Cynthia receive no Federal assistance to go to college—no Pell grants, no government loans. They have to find a way to pay for it. They can’t use any government benefits to move forward with their education. She was a member of a student orga-nization called the Pioneer Leadership Program. She helped to develop Denver University Senior Connect, an organi-zation to help raise awareness about the needs of senior citizens. As a member of the Volunteers in Partnership Program, Cynthia orga-nized workshops at high schools and middle schools with low-income and minority student populations. She helped the students fill out their col-lege applications and write scholarship essays, and she brought the students to visit her campus at the University of Denver. She graduated in 2010 with a degree in cognitive neuroscience, which is a double major in psychology and biol-ogy, and she even minored in chem-istry on top of that. Because of her immigration status— and despite the fact that she had this amazing college experience and was academically successful and had this important degree—she couldn’t find a job. She wasn’t even able to volunteer at a local hospital because she lacked a Social Security number, being undocu-mented. I ask unanimous consent for 2 addi-tional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Thank you. Cynthia’s dream to become a doctor was on hold because of her immigra-tion status. Only nine schools told her she might be able to apply and be con-sidered as an undocumented student. Two years after graduating, Cynthia was working as a nanny and ques-tioning whether all the hard work and time in school was wasted. Cynthia cried as President Obama made the announcement about cre-ating DACA. She realized she was going to be given a chance. She applied for DACA immediately. She was ap-proved in the summer of 2013. By Sep-tember, Cynthia was working at North-western University in Chicago doing clinical research in the Department of Medicine’s Division of Cardiology. Her research focuses on improving treat-ment options for patients facing heart failure. She sent me a letter, and this is what she said: 
DACA has meant a new realm of opportu-nities for me, it has opened new doors for me, and it has allowed me to once again see my dream as a reality. I truly believe that if those opposed to DACA or the DREAM Act had the chance to sit down and meet undocu-mented students, their opinions might change. They would see capable, smart, hard- working individuals who are Americans in every sense of the word, love this country and want to contribute to its prosperity. After all, this is our home. 
Cynthia and the other DREAMers have a lot to give to America. Like many Americans who have come to this country, they are willing to sac-rifice. They are willing to go to the back of the line. All they are asking for is a chance. I urge my colleagues—particularly my Republican colleagues—to join us in doing the right thing for these DREAMers, doing the right thing for Cynthia, and thousands of others who are just asking for a chance to make America a better nation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. 
f 
DUCHENNE MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, the fight against muscular dystrophy is a cause I have championed since my days in the House of Representatives. My fight against Duchenne muscular dys-trophy began when a parent told me about his son’s diagnosis with the dis-ease. This parent refused to accept that there was no hope. The House and Sen-ate agreed with the MD-CARE Act and, since that time, the life expectancy of the average Duchenne muscular dys-trophy patient has increased by a full decade. This is progress we have made on behalf of sick people whose lives were threatened, and this is an exam-ple of government at its best. On Monday of this week, I saw the same devotion in the hundreds of Duchenne families who attended a meeting of the advisers of the Food and Drug Administration. The meeting’s attendance broke records. I thank the FDA for making the appropriate ac-commodations to handle a crowd of this size. Some 11,000 people also tuned in remotely, watching the meeting via live stream. Monday’s gathering was about what could be the first disease-modifying therapy for Duchenne muscular dys-trophy. For more than 3 hours, the ad-visory committee heard from parents, doctors, and patients about the drug’s impact on their lives. The stories were heartfelt and hopeful, reinforcing the importance of patient engagement in the drug approval process. The dedica-tion of the Duchenne community con-tinues to set an example for advocates of other rare diseases. Patient voices should be part of the drug review process, and I am glad to see the FDA is implementing greater stakeholder involvement in this proc-ess. This was one of the goals of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, which Congress passed in 2012. It continues to be a goal of my Patient-Focused Impact Assess-ment Act, introduced last year, which would require FDA to share how they use feedback from patients and advo-cates in the drug approval process. Unfortunately, the advisory com-mittee decided this week not to rec-ommend the approval of the first Duchenne drug. This is disappointing news for me and for thousands of Duchenne families, even those who might not benefit directly from this drug but from other advancements that could stem from it. Before a final decision is made next month, I hope the FDA will take into consideration the perspectives of Duchenne patients and parents. The in-dividuals fighting the good fight every day are ‘‘the real experts,’’ to quote Austin Leclaire, who suffers from Duchenne and has experienced in-creased mobility because of the drug. People like Austin have a life-threat-ening disease now. They don’t have much time. No matter the outcome of the FDA’s decision next month, I will continue to fight the good fight on behalf of those with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. In the 15 years since I introduced the MD- CARE, I have learned that small wins can lead to big victories. MD-CARE was the first Federal law to focus on muscular dystrophy. It helped set in motion the research and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.016 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2514 April 28, 2016 
trials that have produced groundbreaking therapies. The life of muscular dystrophy patients now is an average of 12 years longer—I think I earlier said a decade; it is actually 12 years longer than it was in 2001—a won-derful achievement. There are more trial participants needed today than there are Duchenne patients. Young adults with Duchenne were a population that did not exist when we first funded research for the disease. They never got to adulthood. Today they are getting to adulthood because Congress acted. Because of the MD- CARE amendments that became law last Congress, research at the National Institutes of Health has been updated in ways that could help patients lead even longer, healthier lives. We want this research to continue. We want companies to continue to invest in drugs and therapies that could change the lives of those with rare diseases. Duchenne is still a fatal disease, af-fecting 1 out of every 3,500 boys—most-ly boys. Most young men with Duchenne live only to their mid to late twenties. We should take every oppor-tunity to find a breakthrough. We should take every opportunity to im-prove quality of life. This is about the futures of young people who face this disease every day and the families who refuse to give up hope. I look forward to the FDA’s full and final decision on this matter next month, and I certainly am hoping for a positive answer from the FDA. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
f 
REMEMBERING TERRY REDLIN Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be allowed to display this Terry Redlin painting dur-ing my speech. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to pay tribute to Terry Redlin, a citizen of South Dakota who rose to fame in the 1970s as an artist known for his vivid and vibrant outdoor paintings. On Sunday, April 24, 2016, Terry passed away at the age of 78 in Water-town, where he was born and raised. Our entire State was deeply saddened to hear of his passing. Terry spent his life promoting South Dakota, and he shared his appreciation for our great State with the entire world through his paintings. He will be missed deeply, not only by his family and loved ones but by all who admired his work through-out his very distinguished career. Growing up, Terry liked to draw. He didn’t think he would become an artist, though. As an avid outdoorsman, he wanted to be a forest ranger so there would be plenty of opportunities to hunt and fish when he wasn’t working. Then, tragically, at the age of 15, his life was changed forever. He was badly hurt in a motorcycle accident, and his leg had to be amputated. Becoming a forest ranger was now impossible for Terry, but Terry didn’t let that stop him from pursuing greatness. After graduating high school, Terry received a disability scholarship to help further his education. Using it, he earned a degree from the St. Paul School of Associated Arts and spent 25 successful years working in commer-cial art as a layout artist, graphic de-signer, illustrator, and art director. In his spare time, he enjoyed photog-raphy, particularly of the outdoors and wildlife. Then he started painting from his photographs and from his memo-ries. In 1977, at the age of 40, Redlin’s painting ‘‘Winter Snows’’ appeared on the cover of The Farmer magazine. He quickly rose to prominence as an ex-ceptional artist and started painting full time. From 1990 to 1998, each year’s poll of national art galleries by U.S. Art Magazine selected Terry Redlin as ‘‘America’s Most Popular Artist.’’ Over the years, many people have tried to describe the effect Terry’s paintings had on them. People connect with his paintings. They inspire us to remember personal memories of past times, places, and experiences. Your heart is tugged when you look at them. There is peacefulness and warmth. Terry used to call it romantic realism, but mere words simply cannot describe it. As you can see from this Redlin painting beside me entitled ‘‘America, America,’’ which I brought with me from my front office where it normally hangs, the beauty of his paintings is truly indescribable. His son convinced him to stop selling original paintings and just sell prints. Someday, he said, they would build a beautiful art gallery to display all of the originals. And they did. It could have been built in the Twin Cities, where he lived for a time, or a large metropolitan area, because Terry’s paintings are loved everywhere. Terry chose his hometown of Watertown, SD, for the construction of the Redlin Art Center. It was a gift to his home State and hometown for that $1,500 scholar-ship he was given all those years ago, which created a wonderful life for him and his family. Three million visitors came to the Redlin Art Center in the first 3 years and many more millions since then. Terry would sometimes walk into the galleries unannounced and visit with guests who would then ask the front desk: Who is that nice guy? When told it was Terry, they were shocked and delighted. Once Terry was seen driving slowly through the parking lot. When asked what he was doing, he said he was look-ing at all the different license plates and what they were doing there. He said he was amazed that people would travel so far just to see his paintings. Terry was also generous to the sub-jects of many of his creations. His paintings and prints have been used by various wildlife and conservation groups to raise more than $40 million to benefit their causes. For those of us who were blessed with the opportunity to meet and know Terry Redlin, we always came away feeling like he was our friend—so won-derful, so kind, and so humble. For those who know him through his paint-ings, his spirit shone brightly in all of his work. As we mourn his death and pray for his loved ones during this difficult time, may we find comfort knowing that the legacy which he leaves behind through his paintings will be enjoyed and appreciated for generations to come. He was a great painter but an even greater human being. Terry once said that he wanted to paint forever, that he had to paint. Terry said it was like breathing to him. Unfortunately, illness forced him into retirement in 2007, and on Sunday, April 24, 2016, the Lord brought Terry up to Heaven. Now he can breathe again. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2028, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Feinstein amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute. Alexander amendment No. 3804 (to amend-ment No. 3801), to modify provisions relating to Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want to start by expressing my appreciation to all of my colleagues who are joining me on the floor today, and I thank them for all the work they do every day for women and their health care. As of last week, the CDC reported nearly 900 cases of Zika here in the United States and three U.S. terri-tories, including actually two con-firmed in my home State of Wash-ington. A recent survey showed that 40 per-cent of adults in the United States see 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.017 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2515 April 28, 2016 
the Zika virus as the reason to delay starting a family. Like so many of my colleagues, I am hearing from women across my State who are very fright-ened about this virus. They want to know how to travel safely in light of Zika. They want to know whether they should wait to start their families. Tragically, I am hearing from expect-ant mothers who are concerned about what this virus could mean for the ba-bies they have on the way. Women and families at home and abroad need Congress to take action against this virus, to help raise aware-ness about its impact, to expand access to contraception and family planning, to improve vector control, and to ac-celerate our efforts to find a vaccine. That is why for months Democrats have urged Republicans to come to the table and work with us on making sure we put the needed resources into this fight against Zika. The administration has put forward a strong proposal, but Republicans re-fused to even consider it. While some in the Republican Party indicated last week they wanted to work with us on emergency supplemental funding, it has become pretty clear that unfortu-nately they have been beaten back by the extreme rightwing who do not want to do anything at all. These extreme conservatives do not recognize that Zika is an emergency. They don’t want to give the administration a penny more. As a result of that delay, we are behind the eight ball as mosquito sea-son comes this summer. That is why we have come to the floor together today to send a very clear message to Republicans today: We need action now. Women simply cannot afford to wait, and they should not have to. Democrats are ready to get this done as soon as possible. And for families and communities who are looking to Congress for action, I hope Republicans join us now so that we can deliver what families are asking for in our country. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I want to start by thanking Senator H
EITKAMP  for pulling us in here today to talk about this emergency and Senator M
URRAY for her strong voice on this and many others who will be speaking out today. In 2014 Ebola broke out in West Afri-ca. As it advanced, the international community came together to combat the outbreak. Doctors from around the world traveled to West Africa to set up emergency hospital units to help the sick and to attempt to contain the virus. President Obama deployed thou-sands of troops to support the effort. With the media focused on the out-break right in the middle of the 2014 election, Republican Senators and Re-publican candidates across the country seized on this global health crisis. No, they didn’t swoop in to rescue; in fact, Republicans did nothing to support the actual Ebola response before the elec-tions. Instead, they terrified the Amer-ican people with totally made-up sto-ries of Ebola-infected immigrants com-ing across our southern border. They loudly trumpeted a number of dan-gerous and irresponsible solutions, such as travel bans that would actually make dealing with the problem more difficult. Ebola ravaged West Africa, but only four cases were ever diagnosed here in the United States. Republican politi-cians didn’t care—they had found something to blame on President Obama and the Democrats, and they were happy to do it. They exploited the situation to help win an election. And it worked. Not all of the fearmongering candidates won, but most of them did, and they won in part because they promised to protect the American peo-ple from these horrible contagious dis-eases. Today, Republicans run the Senate, and we face a terrible threat right here in America—the rapidly spreading Zika virus. So I come to the floor to ask a simple question: Why haven’t Repub-licans lifted a single finger to stop it? Unlike Ebola, Zika is not confined to one small region of the world; it has al-ready spread through most of South America and through Mexico. Unlike Ebola, which can be transmitted only by direct contact with bodily fluids, Zika can spread rapidly across dis-tances by transmission through mos-quitoes. Unlike Ebola, our leaders at the NIH and CDC are raising the alarm that Zika is an imminent threat to Americans. Nearly 900 cases of Zika have already been reported on Amer-ican soil. Zika can be devastating. Most people who contract Zika show no symptoms or only very mild symptoms, but Zika infections can trigger Guillain-Barre syndrome, a condition in which the body attacks its own nervous system, which can cause permanent and severe damage, hospitalizing some people for weeks and killing others. In addition, babies born to mothers who were in-fected with Zika may suffer severe and permanent brain damage. The World Health Organization estimates that 4 million people could be infected with Zika by the end of the year. The threat is real, but where are the Republicans? For weeks Senate Demo-crats have called for emergency supple-mental funding to support public health efforts both in research and pre-vention. Republicans have done noth-ing. For weeks the President has called for emergency supplemental funding to protect the American people. Repub-licans have done nothing. For weeks leaders at the WHO, NIH, and CDC have begged Congress for resources to fight this disease. Republicans have done nothing. The President has been forced to divert funds intended for work on Ebola over to work on Zika. That is a very short-term strategy. Ebola has dropped out of the news, but the threat has not ended. We need funding for work on both, but still the Republicans have done nothing. Now Senate Republicans are taking us on a week-long recess. Where is the Republican plan to fund the Zika re-sponse? Where is the Republican plan to replenish the Ebola funds? Appar-ently, when there is no immediate po-litical benefit, the Republicans can’t be bothered to act. Forget Ebola. Forget Zika. They want to go on vacation. Well, I have news for my Republican colleagues: That is not good enough. They won the election by telling Amer-icans they would protect them from scenarios just like this. Republicans run the Senate now, so it is time to govern. There is a public health crisis bearing down on this country. Babies will be born permanently disabled, and families will be devastated if Repub-licans keep blocking funding to deal with this problem. It is up to you to act. This is what government is for—to help protect the people of the United States from serious threats, from real threats. The Republicans are failing the people of the United States. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER ). The Senator from North Da-kota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, lest anyone think that they are im-mune or that this is only about the tropics, I don’t think a lot of people in the United States of America would call the State of North Dakota the tropics. Today I hold up the first noted case of a pregnant woman who has been infected by Zika. She was traveling, probably bitten by a mosquito, and somehow contracted the Zika virus. She will now live in fear that the baby she is carrying will suffer the birth de-fects we know are associated with this potential pandemic. Where is the answer for her? The an-swer that the North Dakota epi-demiologist gave for her, which is good advice, is: Don’t travel anywhere where we have Zika virus infections. I guess she is not leaving her house because the way this is spreading and the way this is moving, it will be everywhere in the United States of America. Once it migrates, and once it moves, what is going to stop it? Who is going to stand on the floor of the Senate and take responsibility for the lack of ac-tion, for the lack of responding to this public health crisis? That is why we are coming here today. This is not about politics. This is not about a pub-lic health emergency. We need re-sources. We need answers. We need tests. We don’t need to rob from other potential pandemics like Ebola to get this done. There is not a citizen in the country who would not say this is an obligation of the government to protect their peo-ple. We anticipate in Puerto Rico, a territory of this country—a lot of peo-ple travel to and from Puerto Rico— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.019 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2516 April 28, 2016 
one in five people in Puerto Rico will be infected by the Zika virus. Do they know it? Probably not. Frequently no symptoms come with the infection. So now we have to respond. Now we have to do what is right. People will say: We can take this in regular order. That is what I hear is happening over in the House. They want to take this in regular order. Well, if it is a regular problem, why has the State of Florida declared a state of emergency? In February—this is not new—it is estimated Florida will con-tinue to be the next big place of infec-tion as the Zika virus migrates. What does that mean to Florida? Not only does it mean you have created huge insecurity for the families—par-ticularly young women the age of our children who are now thinking about having babies you have created huge insecurity. If the answer is don’t have babies, how many generations do we have to go? We don’t know. That is the problem. We don’t know. There is no test. There is no way to verify at this point—no rapid test. So when we look at this and we look at the effect it is having not only on our families and on family decisions but look at the effect it is having on tourism—we all know the Caribbean depends on tourism dollars to have sta-ble governments. We all know Florida is heavily dependent on tourism. Peo-ple in my office have already canceled plans for Caribbean vacations. People I know have already canceled plans to go to Florida because they are afraid. What happens when everybody is staying home because they are afraid? This is not something we can play poli-tics with. This is something that should unite all of us. We should all be coming together. If you don’t like the President’s plan, tell us what is wrong with it. Tell us what you need to change. Tell us what your experts,— contrary to the experts at CDC who have arrived at this plan—tell us what your experts think needs to be changed and what level of accountability you need. I understand this morning the argu-ment is not that we should spend the money, the argument is there is no ac-countability. Tell us what account-ability. Come together. Let’s solve this problem. Let’s rise to the occasion in the Senate. When confronted with this virus, let’s come together. Let’s show the people we can respond. I don’t think I am exaggerating the potential health care effects. The World Health Organization has de-clared it an emergency. A conservative Governor in Florida has declared it an emergency. Certainly for this young North Dakota woman, it is an emer-gency. She needs to know and her fam-ily needs to know exactly how this virus is transmitted and what she can expect going forward. She is just one of, I think, the first cases. My great friend the Senator from Washington—not exactly the tropics in the State of Washington as well—also has one case. We don’t know how many more. We don’t know how many more. So I am pleading, let’s not wait. Let’s treat this like the emergency it is. Let’s do what we need to do to protect American families, particularly young women of child-bearing age who are going to be devastated if this happens in their families. So let’s do the right thing. Let’s come together. If there is a problem with the proposal, let’s debate what that proposal should look like. Let’s bring it to the floor. Offer amend-ments for accountability. Why are we waiting? Someone needs to answer that question, not just to me but to American families and to the American people. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I come to the floor to join my colleagues because I share their very real con-cerns about the impact of the Zika virus on families in New Hampshire— also not a tropical State—the impact on people across the country here in the United States, and also on people around the world. As has been pointed out, we have seen reports in regions with active mosquito-borne transmission of the virus, places such as Brazil, where they are about to host the Olympics. People will be traveling there from all over the United States, from all over the world. We have seen those stories of women who have had children with se-vere birth defects, with microcephaly, as a result of their exposure and con-tracting the virus during pregnancy. We have also seen impacts on adults. The connection that seems to be there, and I think we are still waiting on de-finitive research, but the connection in adults between Guillain-Barre syn-drome and the Zika virus is also very real. While fortunately in America in most cases that can be treated, the re-ality is, in a lot of places around the world and for some people, it causes se-vere paralysis and sometimes even death. So this is not just something that affects pregnant women, but there are also concerns about who else might be affected by this virus. As we have heard from North Da-kota, as we have heard from other States, as mosquito season arrives in this country, we can expect additional Zika cases, transmitted often by mos-quitoes from tropical areas, that people contract when they are traveling. We know this mosquito is coming to Amer-ica. In New Hampshire, where neither of the two known mosquito vectors currently live, we have already had three cases of Zika, with about 150 pos-sible cases that are still being tested. Two of those cases were acquired as a result of traveling to Zika-impacted re-gions, but the third was contracted be-cause of sexual transmission of the dis-ease from a partner who had been trav-eling. Last week I chaired a roundtable on Zika in Concord, NH, in our capital. We had representatives who are look-ing at what might happen with the virus and our planning for an outbreak, which we hope we can avoid. We had doctors from the State, we had the State epidemiologist, we had the director of the State lab, and we had people who are working on mos-quito control. They talked about how over the last several months they have been getting more and more questions about Zika, particularly from women who are planning to have children in the near future, and for pregnant women and their families or women and their partners who are beginning to think about starting a family. As Senator H
EITKAMP pointed out, the threat of Zika is very real. We had one of the doctors, an obstetrician, at that roundtable who reported that many of her family patients are can-celing vacations they had planned and some of her patients whose husbands are in the military who are stationed in Zika-infected countries are con-cerned about how to protect them-selves and what they need to do when they return. We heard from folks at our New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services who talked about the importance of increased access to fam-ily planning and contraceptives and the Zika outbreak impact on the need for those services. It gives us a new lens on the importance of making sure women and families have access to this health care. We need to make sure all women at risk or diagnosed with Zika have ac-cess to comprehensive, patient-cen-tered contraceptives and preconception counseling. We also heard from the folks involved with mosquito control. What they told us is, there are two mosquitoes that can spread the Zika virus, that we know of at this time. One of those is a mosquito that is only in the tropics, that we are never going to see in northern New Hampshire and in northern New England. The second mosquito, we have al-ready found in Connecticut and Massa-chusetts. The mosquito control folks said that unlike the usual spraying for mosquitoes, which is in wetland areas and swampy areas in New Hampshire, this is a mosquito that, as Secretary Burwell has described it, ‘‘can breed in as little as a capful of water.’’ They are mosquitoes that bite people four times in order to get a meal, so they spread very fast. What we heard from the mosquito control folks who were at this meeting was that they are encouraging people to look at places in their yards where water might collect in small spaces, in wheelbarrows, in paint cans, in places we would not normally think about mosquitoes growing. They also encouraged people to think about protecting themselves. When you are going out, think about covering up, wearing long sleeves, wearing slacks, wearing socks when you are outside at a time when mosquitoes might be around. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.020 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2517 April 28, 2016 
The other concern about the Zika mosquito is that it also is active dur-ing the day. It is not like most of the mosquitoes we see in New Hampshire, which are active at night. This is a mosquito that is also active during the day. So we need to be taking action now. I listened to the head of the State lab in New Hampshire talking about the challenge of getting results from the lab for people who had been tested for Zika. He said: Sometimes we have to send out to labs. We don’t have the capacity in New Hampshire to do the analysis that is required. We are still looking for a test that can definitively deter-mine if somebody has had Zika in the past. He said: Something as small as the ability to ferry the samples and the results back and forth to a lab is one of the things we need so we can get an-swers so we know how to act. The folks who are trying to get infor-mation out to the public talked about the need to have support so they could get information out, both to the med-ical community and to individuals, about the importance of what individ-uals need to do to take action. They said very directly to me, as I said that I appreciate this is something we need to work with you on in Wash-ington, they said: We don’t have the re-sources to respond to this in the way we need to in New Hampshire. For those people who would say: Don’t worry. You are exaggerating. This is never going to come to New Hamp-shire, well, that is what they told us about the West Nile virus. That is what they told us about EEE. We have had deaths in New Hampshire in recent years from both of those viruses. So I think we need to act on this. I know there has been an agreement in the Ap-propriations Committee, among the ap-propriators on both sides of the aisle. It has been a bipartisan agreement to help get a supplemental funding bill to the floor to address this because in New Hampshire what I have heard is that we need help. We need Washington to help us. If we are concerned about the cost of this, just think about what our inaction will do? What if we have an outbreak and we have people who— we have thousands of women, as they do in Brazil, who have been infected and who have had babies with microcephaly. What are the health care costs to people who might have been infected by the Zika virus, with Guillain-Barre syndrome, with other birth defects as a result of being in-fected during pregnancy? So this is a bill we can’t afford to wait on. We need to address this. If folks are not willing to do it because it is the right thing to do, they ought to be willing to do it because it is the cost-effective thing to do. I hope we can come together. I know people on both sides of the aisle are concerned about this. We need to come together. We need to address this. It is a pending public health emergency. We have to respond. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I rise to join my colleagues in raising awareness about the Zika virus and the need to pass the President’s emergency appropriations request to get ahead of this crisis in the making. Some question the need for this emergency appropriations request. Per-haps those who believe that funding the President’s request is a waste feel that we are not at immediate risk, but you have heard my other colleagues talking about how this is an impending crisis. While Zika may not seem like a threat in the United States now be-cause we have not hit peak mosquito season, this head-in-sand mentality is irresponsible. Zika is ravaging South America, which is having its summer right now. Zika is on the move. The mosquito that is the main Zika carrier is already in 13 States, and another mosquito also capable of spreading the Zika virus is in 30 States. As families travel this summer, they will be mov-ing in and out of States and countries impacted by Zika. To my colleagues who aren’t worried about the spread of Zika right now, it is time for all of us to wake up. With summer comes mosquitoes—including, of course, the mosquito that carries Zika. We must do all we can to ensure that Zika does not gain a foothold in the United States. Let’s act, not react, to this Zika threat. This means fund-ing the President’s $1.9 billion request for Zika. Hawaii knows firsthand the impact of vector-borne diseases such as Zika and of the resources and effort it takes to contain an outbreak. Seven Hawaii residents have already been diagnosed with Zika. One infant born to a mother with Zika has been diagnosed with microcephaly, a devastating birth de-fect. On top of that, Hawaii has been deal-ing with an outbreak of dengue fever, which is spread by the same mosquito that carries Zika. The dengue outbreak in Hawaii began in September, and only yesterday were we able to go 30 days without a new dengue case. The unique location of Hawaii means it serves as transit location for many Pacific Island nations where Zika out-breaks have occurred in the recent past, places such as Yap and French Polynesia. We know that this disease can migrate and that it can migrate quickly. That is why we have to get ahead of it. Having the administration shift Ebola funding around is not the an-swer. That is akin to robbing Peter to pay Paul. What will we do if Ebola has a resurgence this summer—shift money back from Zika? The United States is in a strong posi-tion, compared to many other coun-tries, to fight Zika. We have indevelopment vaccines, blood screenings, cleaning tools, and research that will be game changers. When the President sent his $1.9 bil-lion request to Congress, he laid out how the funding would be spent or used. It would go toward vector con-trol, public education campaigns, and vaccine development. It would go to-ward the work of companies such as Hawaii Biotech, which is racing to complete work on a vaccine. We must fund the emergency request so Federal agencies that stand on the battle lines of combating disease can do their work. We must also strengthen vector control programs and emer-gency preparedness programs. It is im-perative that we give our communities the tools they need to fight Zika. Time is still on our side right now, but time is running out and we must act quick-ly. Let’s come together to ensure that Zika does not become a full-blown pub-lic health emergency in the United States. Let’s fund the President’s re-quest. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I rise today to discuss this urgent pub-lic health emergency. I am honored to be here with Senator M
URRAY , Senator M
IKULSKI , Senator H EITKAMP , and Sen-ator H
IRONO as we look at this serious crisis facing our Nation, and that is the Zika virus. The World Health Organization has declared that Zika is spreading explo-sively and will affect nearly all coun-tries in North America and South America. The virus has already in-fected nearly 400 Americans who have traveled abroad from 40 States, includ-ing my home State of Minnesota. Over 500 people in Puerto Rico have the dis-ease. Nearly all of them contracted the virus locally. These numbers will only continue to grow as the warmer months bring more mosquitoes that transmit this disease. In fact, research-ers calculate that 60 percent of the peo-ple in our country live in an area that will likely be affected. Zika is a rapidly evolving mosquito- borne virus. Most infected patients de-velop mild flu-like symptoms that last for a week. However, the virus has dev-astating consequences for growing fam-ilies. Researchers have now confirmed what many feared was true: A pregnant woman infected with Zika is at risk of giving birth to a child with microcephaly. This heartbreaking, life-long condition results in newborns with abnormally small heads. These children will need increased access to health care and developmental serv-ices, such as speech therapy, occupa-tional therapy, and physical therapy. There is no known cure for this disease or even standard treatment for this condition. It is crucial that physicians have the knowledge and tools essential to diag-nose and care for pregnant women who may be infected with Zika. It is crucial that moms with Zika and children with microcephaly have access to the serv-ices they need. It is crucial that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.021 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2518 April 28, 2016 
take steps now to ensure that our health care system and all levels of government are prepared for the immi-nent spread of the Zika virus. We are here today to continue to stress the urgent need to ensure that our country is as prepared as possible to mitigate the spread of Zika and re-spond to outbreaks of this virus. The administration submitted a re-quest for nearly $2 billion in emergency funds to provide immediate support. This is about research. This is about a vaccine. This is about therapeutics and diagnostics. This is about a medical health crisis that primarily—but not only—affects women and children. That is why the women Democrats of the Senate have gathered on the floor today to speak out, to speak out and say this is a crisis that must be funded. This is a crisis that must be responded to. Simply because it mainly affects women and children right now—and we have no idea what other effects it will have—is no reason to shirk our duties in the Congress and not fund this. Our foremost duty is to protect the health and safety of Americans. Zika is a rap-idly evolving disease with severe public health implications. I ask my col-leagues to support this effort. We can-not afford to delay action. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I rise to take the floor as the vice chair of the Appropriations Committee and urge that we adopt an urgent supple-mental request to deal with the Zika threat. This is real. It has been 2 months since the administration sent to Con-gress an emergency supplemental. We can’t wait any longer. The mosquitoes are here. They are actually here. They are here in the United States of Amer-ica. I have said—first with wit and now with deep concern—that you can’t build a wall to keep the mosquitoes out. The mosquitoes aren’t going to pay for this. We need to act, and we need to act now. This is a compelling public health crisis, and we can do something about it. We take an oath to defend all Amer-icans against enemies foreign and do-mestic. This is about to be a self-in-flicted wound on our own people be-cause of our failure to act. With no reliable, tested public health interventions on mosquito control—we have to take action to do this. Why? Because as of April 20, there have been close to 900 cases confirmed in the United States of America. We already know they are in three States. The CDC knows it is going to come to at least 30 States in our own country, and it will have incredible consequences, particularly to women. Over the years, I have heard many el-oquent, poignant, and even wrenching speeches about protecting the unborn. They have been deeply moving. We have always tried to find common ground on this. But if you are really for defending the unborn, you have to pass this supplemental. There are women all over the United States—particularly in these three vul-nerable States—there are women in Puerto Rico who are wondering, if they are already pregnant, what their situa-tion is. There are young women and not-so-young women who are con-cerned about getting pregnant and at the same time being bitten by a mos-quito, and there are sparse resources to do mosquito control. We want to build fences to keep out illegal aliens. OK. We want to bomb the hell out of ISIS and terrorists. We should because we are worried that they are coming at us. But in many of those instances, those are problems that have been difficult to solve. This is not difficult to solve; this is about mosquito control. I am very concerned that we are just sitting around and that when all is said and done, more is getting said than gets done. We are talking about an emergency supplemental. The Appropriations Committee has a very clear set of criteria for what is an emergency. First, it has to be urgent. Well, the mosquito season is here. It has to be unforeseen. This was unfore-seen and it is temporary. It is mosquito season. It is a confined season. We can do something about it, and we must do something about it. It will have a dis-proportionate impact on pregnant women and the unborn. There will be children born with the most horren-dous, heartbreaking birth defects. I am of the generation that was the polio generation. My mother wouldn’t let my sisters and me go swimming until after June 20 because, somehow or another, in our faith, it was St. John’s Day and we thought the water would be warmer. Maybe the saint blessed the water. God bless the saints. God bless people like Dr. Salk, and God bless America that funded the Salk vaccine. I remember children in iron lungs to be kept alive, children in braces who then walked with very dif-ficult canes. Those who survive bear this the rest of their lives. Look at what we are facing here, and we know it. This is not unknown, nor is it unmanageable. It will be a national disgrace if we don’t act. In my own home State, I have a Re-publican Governor, Governor Larry Hogan. Guess what. Governor Hogan is acting. This isn’t about Democrats and Republicans. Governor Hogan acted. He declared April 24 to 30 Zika Awareness Week. He ordered his health depart-ment to coordinate educational events with local health departments. They also spent $130,000 of State money to develop 10,000 transmission kits to begin to deal with this. My Republican Governor has taken action. Also, in Anne Arundel County—the county that is the home of the State capital, again headed up by a Repub-lican county executive—they received 850 kits. They are going to have town-hall meetings to talk with the agricul-tural officials about prevention and mosquito control. We have a Repub-lican Governor and a Republican coun-ty executive who are acting. Then there is Howard County, where the health department is planning to distribute 450 kits to obstetric and gyn-ecological practices to protect preg-nant women. Again, a Republican county executive working with his ad-ministration is taking action, spending local money when this is a national problem. I am saying this because my own Governor and the county executives are acting. In Baltimore City, which has a Democratic mayor—she listened to the warnings coming from the World Health Organization, the CDC, and the Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore and is taking action. Balti-more is now spraying, taking mosquito control action, and so on. They are spending over $500,000 of local money, of which we don’t have a lot. So, hello, Maryland is acting. We need to act. And I say this because we are spending local money to deal with a national and international problem. So please, let’s now—whatever dif-ferences we have on other bills, please let’s take up this urgent supplemental. Madam President, I yield the floor, as I see the majority leader is here. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at 1:45 p.m. today, the Senate agree to the motion to proceed to the motion to re-consider the cloture vote on amend-ment No. 3801, the motion to reconsider the cloture vote on amendment No. 3801, and the Senate then vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the Alex-ander substitute amendment No. 3801, upon reconsideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I have two topics I want to talk about today— actually, three—but I want to begin with the Zika virus. A few weeks ago I went back to Flor-ida on a Friday and I sat down and met with officials from the Department of Health from Florida. I met with leaders from Puerto Rico in the health sector. I met with doctors who live in Miami- Dade County and also officials in Miami-Dade County. They are freaked out about the Zika thing. I don’t know any other term to use. If they are freaked out, then I am very concerned about it as well. That is why I do sup-port fully and immediately funding this situation, and I have asked our colleagues to do so as quickly as pos-sible. I want to speak briefly about the Florida experience with this. There are two things that are deeply concerning, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.022 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2519 April 28, 2016 
and then I will speak to some of the things we should be doing. First, the summer months are upon us. Anyone who has been in Florida, in the summer particularly, knows sum-mer has basically already started in Florida if you go outside. The spread of mosquitoes as a threat virtually every-where in the State is just massive. It is just a way of life. This very deadly dis-ease is something we are still learning about, by the way. A few weeks ago, they said: Well, Zika impacts only a small population of people—a very sig-nificant population of people. We are learning this disease impacts whoever it touches. First of all, you don’t have to be symptomatic to spread it. In Florida alone, we have had at least two cases of transmission sexually trans-mitted. By the way, it is just a matter of time before someone in Florida gets bit by a mosquito. I am telling you, it is just a matter of days, weeks, hours be-fore you will open up a newspaper or turn on the news and it will say that someone in the continental United States was bitten by a mosquito and they contracted Zika. When that hap-pens, then everyone is going to be freaked out, not just me and not just the people who work for the health de-partment in Florida. This is going to happen. There are just way too many mosquitoes to avoid it. The second thing is that Miami-Dade County, in particular, but a lot of Flor-ida, is a transit point for all of Latin America. So, for example, one of the places most impacted by Zika is Brazil. Well, this summer the Olympics are being held in Brazil, and there will be hundreds of thousands of people who cross through Florida to get to Brazil and back, on top of the normal number of travelers. It is just a matter of time. It is not a question of if, it is a ques-tion of when. So I look at this from a Senate per-spective and say: We are going to fund this. We are going to spend money on Zika in Washington, DC, No. 1, because we should. It is the obligation of the Federal Government to keep our people safe, and this is an imminent and real threat to the public safety and security of our Nation and our people. So the money is going to be spent. The ques-tion is: Do we do it now, before this has become a crisis or do we wait for it to become a crisis? Maybe that crisis hap-pens in August, when everyone is back home doing their campaign stuff or maybe it happens on Monday, when ev-eryone is back home doing whatever they do on recess. Then everyone will get pulled back to deal with this imme-diately, and I want to know what Mem-bers will say to those who say: Hey, this Zika thing has been in the news for months. Now there is a case. It can be in any State in the coun-try—any State in the country. You may hear: Oh, it is only in certain States that are warm. That is not true. It can be in any State in the country. I want to know what people are going to say when they are asked: What did you do about it? Are you going to say: Well, I had real problems. I wanted to make sure about this and that. This is a serious thing. People’s lives are at stake here. And by the way, this is now spreading into all sorts of other threats. Guillain-Barre was mentioned earlier. We know about the birth de-fects that are very significant. Do my colleagues realize what the cost will be of dealing with all of that? Are people aware of what Guillain-Barre is? It is a debilitating, often fatal, disease. The cost of treating someone that has it is extraordinary. What about where the money is going to be spent? Look, it is possible at the end of the day that $1.9 billion will not even be enough. We don’t know. But we have to start. No. 1, we don’t have a commercially available plan to test for Zika. You can’t just go to Quest Diagnostics and get a Zika test. It doesn’t exist. In Florida, if you want to get a Zika test, you have to go through the State de-partment of health. No. 2, a lot of people aren’t being tested because they are not a pregnant woman so they do not think they have to be tested. False. If you have traveled anywhere at this point—I don’t care who you are, how old you are, male or female—where there are mosquitoes in significant amounts, you probably should be tested. If you have traveled abroad into these danger zones, you can transmit this disease. You can be carrying it and not see manifestations of it for a while. There is no commercially available plan. They talk about mosquito con-trol. They have only been trying that for thousands of years, and mosquitoes have outlasted everything. It is impor-tant. It has to be a part of it. But one of the two mosquito species that spreads Zika is resistant to pesticides. It has become resistant to the pes-ticide, and that is why new tech-nologies need to be developed. There are some innovative ways out there to cut down on the mosquito pop-ulation. There is an innovative pro-gram now, trying to start a pilot pro-gram in the Keys. That should be a part of this conversation. Researchers are pretty confident they can find a vaccine for this kind of disease, given its pathology. Maybe not next week, but they can find a vaccine for it. The government has a role to play in basic research that allows the private sector to commercialize that and make that possible. I understand we want accountability for how this money will be spent. I be-lieve that. I do. I think the administra-tion should come forward and say: Here is our plan. Here is where every penny is going to be spent, and here is how we are going to spend it. We should hold them accountable, and if there are ways to improve on that, we should. But I think there should be a sense of urgency when dealing with this issue. I honestly believe—I don’t believe; I know—it is just a matter of time be-fore there is a mosquito-borne trans-mission. By the way, does it really matter how you got it, whether it was from a mosquito or it was sexually transmitted? You have Zika. It acts the very same way once you have it. It is just a matter of time before there is a mosquito-borne transmission in the continental United States. I also have heard—not that anyone here has said it—but I have heard oth-ers say there are no cases of Zika transmitted from a mosquito yet in the United States. That is false. Puerto Rico is in the United States. Puerto Ricans are American citizens. By the way, they travel in huge numbers to and from the United States. Many are moving here. Many work here during the week and travel back on the week-ends. This is a catastrophe right now in Puerto Rico, which is a United States territory, and its people are American citizens. They are facing a catastrophe right now on this issue. So I hope there is real urgency about dealing with this. I understand this is not a political issue. There is no such thing as a Republican position on Zika or a Democrat position on this issue because these mosquitoes bite every-one. They are not going to ask you what your party affiliation is or who you plan to vote for in November. This is a real threat, and it is not just in the tropical States. They may feel it first, but so can any State that has any sig-nificant travel, which is basically all 50 States in the Union. In a country where people travel extensively across the country and around the world, we are going to face a Zika problem in this country this summer and fall. My advice to my colleagues is that we are going to deal with this, so I hope we deal with it at the front end. Not only is that better for our people, but that will be better for my col-leagues. Otherwise, we will have to ex-plain why it is that we sat around for weeks and did nothing on something of this magnitude. The second topic I want to— Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, will the Senator yield for just one mo-ment before he goes into his second topic? Mr. RUBIO. I will yield to the Sen-ator from Washington. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I just want to thank the Senator from Florida for joining the women of the Senate here today to bring attention to such a critical issue and to extend our hands. We want to work with the Sen-ator. We believe this is an emergency, and we want to deal with it quickly. We appreciate his comments and his support this morning. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ap-preciate the advocacy of the Senator from Washington, and I do look for-ward to working with the Senator on this as well. Hopefully, we can get a re-sult on this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.025 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2520 April 28, 2016 
There is going to be a recess now, and that means for 10 days people will be going back to their home States. So I hope when we come back a week from Monday, we will hear that we have a plan that we are going to be able to vote on and vote on it quickly. 
DUCHENNE MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY AND FDA  
ADVISORY PANEL  
Madam President, on a separate topic, I want to call attention to a re-markable group of advocates who are bound together, not by a common race or religion or political ideology but by the common hope of one day ridding the world of a rare disease named Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Duchenne is one of multiple different forms of muscular dystrophy. It affects mostly boys, almost exclusively, at the rate of 1 per 3,600 individuals. Its pri-mary symptom is the steady deteriora-tion of muscle mass beginning early in childhood. By the age of 12, most boys with Duchenne have lost the ability to walk and eventually become paralyzed from the neck down. I am sad to say there is currently no cure for Duchenne, and the average life expect-ancy is around 25 years. I am personally the parent of four children, including two boys, and I can only imagine—perhaps I can’t imagine; that is how difficult it is—what it must be like to have a child receive this di-agnosis. Few are called to do more for their child and to show greater courage in the face of the adversity that MD poses than a parent helping their child battle Duchenne. I was recently inspired and humbled a few weeks ago to meet a young man struggling against this disease. His name is Austin, and his dad Joe is a hero in more ways than one. Joe helps Austin combat Duchenne, and he does it alone, as a single father. By the way, he also serves as an Active-Duty mem-ber of the United States Air Force. Austin is 12 years old, and I was im-mediately impressed when I met him. I knew how difficult it must have been for him to travel all the way to Wash-ington from his home in Tampa. This is the embodiment of courage that people living with this disease show every day. Joe shared with me a few of the struggles they face. He told me how Austin is unable to attend school full time because he needs hours of daily physical therapy to stimulate his mus-cles. He told me how Austin is quickly losing the ability to walk and how he now needs help getting in and out of his wheelchair and other daily tasks. He needs help with eating. Joe told me he spends hundreds of dollars each month on over-the-counter drugs that are not covered by insur-ance, and he spends hours every Friday attending doctors’ appointments. Joe shared the dreams he once had when Austin was born—dreams of being that proud father in the bleachers at little league games or cheering loudly and waving a big foam finger. With Duchenne, he tells me he has even more reasons to proudly cheer Austin on, though the reasons are different. He cheers when Austin is able to get out of bed without help or to walk to the restroom. These are moments of great pride for Joe, when he sees how resilient Austin is in the face of this disease. Joe and Austin traveled to Wash-ington as part of a coordinated effort to witness and participate in FDA ac-tion related to Duchenne. As advance-ments in medical science continue, tar-geted therapies to treat Duchenne are being developed and tested, and each one—even the ones that fail—is pro-viding us greater insight into the way the disease operates and how it might ultimately be defeated. The last couple of weeks in par-ticular have brought about a display of extraordinary strength from Joe and Austin, and thousands of other parents, children, family, and friends who en-gage in activism on behalf of those with Duchenne. This Monday, scores of advocates from around the country at-tended a hearing of the FDA advisory committee, which welcomed them and spent almost an entire day listening to their testimony. What this committee was listening to was the result of a clinical study on a small group. Admit-tedly, this is a small group of people who have this disease, so any clinical trial will have a small number of peo-ple. It is not the same as you would have for another more common disease. So this FDA advisory panel was meet-ing to decide whether they were going to allow this testing to expand and this drug to be more available. The panel should have reviewed this in the context of a law that was passed in 2012 called the Food and Drug Ad-ministration Safety and Innovation Act; call it FDASIA for short. This act gave the FDA the authority to consider the perspectives of patients when eval-uating whether to approve a drug. In essence, it gave the FDA the authority to listen to people who are taking the drug and decide whether it works or not—not just to look at the clinical study. This also provides real flexibility when evaluating drugs for life-threat-ening illnesses, such as Duchenne. It included multiple provisions to address the challenges of the rare disease pa-tient community, which is by defini-tion small—meaning clinical trials have a more difficult time finding enough participants to meet the FDA’s usual requirements. Usually, when it is a drug for cancer or something like that, you have tens of thousands of people you can do a trial for. When it is a rare disease, you have a harder time finding enough people to test it on the way you would for a normal drug. And on top of that—on top of the perspective of a lesser number of peo-ple—it is also a disease that is fatal. In the end, all of these cases with Duchenne end the same way, with death, in a very predictable pattern. They had a chance to meet this week and review this in the committee. In the words of someone who was there, who has a lot of experience in inter-acting with government agencies and bureaucracies, the word they used was ‘‘jarring.’’ They said it was jarring. This is from someone who has a lot of experience interacting with govern-ment agencies and bureaucracies. They said it was jarring how it went. I want to paint the picture of what that place looked like on Monday. There was an entire community of par-ents whose kids have Duchenne, who are taking this experimental drug, who are seeing their kids improve. They are seeing it. They know these kids better than any scientist, any doctor, or any panelist at the FDA, and they see these kids are doing better. They see this. They are begging the FDA panel: Please allow us to continue to give these kids medicine. And, by the way, make it available to other kids be-cause, No. 1, there has not been a sin-gle documented case of harm; no one using this experimental medicine has been harmed by it. No. 2, we, the par-ents, are telling you it works because we see it in our kids. And, No. 3, if you take it away, we are desperate; there is nothing left. They are going to die. It is very predictable. The committee ignored them. The committee ruled against them, and it did so because they basically applied the same standard to this drug as they did to a normal one: Oh, you didn’t have enough people in the clinical trial. No, there aren’t enough people to do a clinical trial with. It is a rare dis-ease. The result is they had this ruling, and I think the vote was 7 to 3. What is interesting is that one of the board members was quoted as saying: Based on all I heard, the drug defi-nitely works, but the question was framed differently. What that means is the way the FDA posed the question to this committee was not just whether the drug worked, but the question was the process: Did this clinical trial have enough people? Was it conducted the normal way—the way other drug tests are conducted? Of course not, because it is not treating a normal condition. It is one with a very small population. The committee spent almost the en-tire time focused on how the clinical study was designed and not on whether it works. By the way, had the FDA fol-lowed FDASIA, the law passed a few years ago, and taken that into ac-count—the small patient population and likewise—they might have reached a different result. Instead, what is hap-pening now is these patients and fami-lies are on the verge of losing not just access to the drug but to other families as well. Put yourself in the position of one of these patients. Your son has Duchenne, your son is taking this experimental drug, and you see how he is improv-ing—because you do not improve with Duchenne. It is not one of these things where you get better, worse, better, worse. You get worse and then worse and then worse. It is a steady, predict-able decline. So imagine your child is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.043 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2521 April 28, 2016 
one of those impacted by this disease. You know what the outcome is. It is a predictable, guaranteed outcome. They are taking an experimental drug, and you know it is working because they are not declining. In fact, in many cases they are improving. You are beg-ging the FDA: Please, allow us to con-tinue to give our children this drug. They say: No, we reject it because the clinical trial was not conducted the way it is for normal drugs. Then you would understand the desperation of these parents. There is one last chance. The senior leadership of the FDA has the ability to override this decision and allow this to move forward. I personally hope that is what they will do. In the end, the only thing to lose here is to do nothing. The sad story here would be for these parents, who are already seeing the benefits, to lose access to this drug that they know is having an impact on their children. No one has been able to prove there is any threat that this drug poses to these children. This has been documented. CBS has done a report. Other entities have reported on it. FDA senior leadership has the chance to overrule this committee, which didn’t knock it down for purposes of safety or anything of that nature. They just said the clinical trials didn’t meet their standard—and say these kids are going to die anyway if we don’t do something. Here is a drug that is showing im-provement, and families who are using it are begging them to allow them to use it. Thousands of people do not fly in from around the country or watch online for something that isn’t work-ing. If this weren’t working, these par-ents would not be so adamant about it. They see it is working. They know peo-ple it is working for. They are des-perate to keep it or to reach it. Listen to them. They know what they are talking about. They know. They are the primary caregivers for their chil-dren, and they know improvement when they see it. I hope the FDA will consider moving in a different direction. These parents deserve better. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. (The remarks of Mr. T
ILLIS per-taining to the introduction of S. 2885 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. TILLIS. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
PENSION ACCOUNTABILITY ACT  
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I rise today to talk about an issue that affects not only retirees in Ohio, but retirees all around the country. Let me start by saying that if hun-dreds of thousands of retirees were get-ting the Social Security benefits they had worked for cut by as much as 70 percent, there would be a national up-roar. People would consider it totally unacceptable. It would be the top news story every night. People would say: These retirees played by the rules; they did everything right. Yet they are see-ing these big cuts. How could this hap-pen? Yet that is exactly what is happening to about 400,000 members of the Central States Pension Fund who are facing cuts of up to 70 percent as soon as July 1 of this year. Again, these are people who worked hard all their lives, put money into the pension system assum-ing it would be there, made their finan-cial plans based on that, and now they are suddenly finding massive cuts— some 20 percent, some 40 percent, some as high as 70 percent. It is time for the Senate to address this potential crisis and to come up with a fair solution. The Central States Pension Fund consists mostly of union truck drivers. They have seen its pension fund se-verely decline. That is why we are in this situation. The pension suffered big investment declines during the great recession, as did other pension funds. One difference is that they missed the market rebound because they had a large population of new retirees, and they had to withdraw large sums from their pension for those payouts. One of the largest pension funds in America is in trouble. It is projected to go bankrupt in about a decade. That bankruptcy could be so large that it would have a very negative impact on the larger Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation that insures the fund. We don’t want that to happen because that could, of course, leave hundreds of thousands of retirees with severely re-duced or no pensions. Something has to be done. Math is math. I understand that and, by the way, Central States retirees under-stand that. They know there is a prob-lem. But the way Congress and the President have dealt with this is to-tally unacceptable. The House of Rep-resentatives worked on a proposal. It was crafted in the House, not in the Senate. It allowed the pension to pos-sibly avert bankruptcy—and I say ‘‘possibly’’ because, as I will talk about later, even this proposal doesn’t mean they are going to avert bankruptcy. But they did so by cutting the benefits of current retirees substantially, se-verely in some cases, again by as much as 70 percent. They then took this proposal called the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act, or MPRA, and buried it inside a $1 trillion spending bill, which, frankly, nobody read. It was one of those last- minute bills, an end-of-the-year omni-bus spending package, as they call it, and they sent it to the U.S. Senate. Members of the Senate were told: This is an up-or-down vote. There were no hearings in the Senate. There was no transparent process. I remember when this happened about a year and a half ago, we were told that if the Senate didn’t quickly pass these unprecedented reforms, with no hearings and no opportunities for amendments on the floor of the Senate, the spending bill would fail. This is Washington at its worst: Bury something in a spending bill that has nothing to do with a spending bill—in this case, a pension cut—and then basi-cally try to blackmail lawmakers to vote for it, saying: If you don’t vote for this, the whole bill goes down. I voted against it, as did other Mem-bers here in the Senate, but it passed. Of course, President Obama quickly signed it into law. Suddenly, these re-tirees were sent notices saying they have this big cut in their pension. I agree that the status quo is not ac-ceptable. I think over time it would lead to pension bankruptcy, and some-thing has to be done. Difficult deci-sions are necessary. But the MPRA was an unfair remedy because it did not go through a fair and open and trans-parent process. Also, it didn’t give the workers or retirees a sufficient voice in their own futures. They did not have a voice in crafting the reforms because of the way it was structured. We probably have 47,000, 48,000 Ohio-ans affected by this. After months of meetings with Ohio workers, retirees, and stakeholders, including the admin-istration, I introduced what is called the Pension Accountability Act. Basi-cally, it gives workers and retirees a voice in this process. Right now, MPRA does allow there to be a vote by work-ers and retirees, but for these large plans, the vote is nonbinding. So there is a vote, but it doesn’t count. Even if the participants vote 100 percent against the reforms, it wouldn’t stop the cuts from going forward. That is crazy. That is certainly not demo-cratic. Additionally, the vote is designed un-fairly. Here is how it works: If a retiree or a worker chooses not to take out a ballot and vote, it is automatically counted as a ‘‘yes’’ vote for the plan. Imagine how that would work in U.S. Presidential elections or other demo-cratic processes. But that is not how this works. If you submit a ballot, it should be counted. If you don’t submit a ballot, it shouldn’t be counted. So the Pension Accountability Act fixes these two problems: First, it makes the retiree and the worker vote binding. This will give workers and re-tirees a seat at the table, and a major-ity vote would be required for any pen-sion cuts to go forward. Second, it makes the vote fair by counting the ballots as they should be counted, not returning the ballots as an automatic ‘‘yes’’ vote. These commonsense reforms give the workers and the retirees more lever-age. It gives them a fair say in the process because their vote is going to be heeded to implement changes. They are going to have a seat at the table to find the right balance. Again, we know these pensions are in trouble, and some changes are nec-essary to prevent bankruptcy, which could leave some families with noth-ing. So let the process play out. If the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.026 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2522 April 28, 2016 
businesses, unions, workers, and retir-ees can craft a solution to win a major-ity vote, more power to them. But let’s give everyone a seat at the table, and let these retirees have a vote. The goal should not be to stop all pension reforms. If Central States con-tinues on its road to bankruptcy, then, everybody loses. But the goal should be to give those affected a say in how these reforms are designed. It brings accountability. It opens the lines of communication on both sides of the bargaining table to come up with a fair solution. There are some other proposals. I think the Pension Accountability Act has a much more realistic chance of en-actment because I do not believe a massive tax increase is viable. It is the only reform proposal with bipartisan support. In fact, between my bill and the House companion legislation, we have nine Democrats and nine Repub-licans. In the meantime, for the reasons I have discussed, the Department of the Treasury should not accept Central States’ application. They should reject this proposal to cut benefits up to 70 percent for some of the retirees, as we have talked about. By the way, even if all the application’s positive market assumptions play out, there is still a 50-percent chance the pension goes bankrupt anyway. This doesn’t exactly inspire confidence in this plan. I think they should go back to the drawing board. By the way, I am openminded to other solutions that would provide funding from inside the multiemployer pension system. There are different ideas out there, and we should talk about them. Let me finish with a story about a guy I got to know through this process. His name was Butch Lewis, from West-chester, OH. Butch was a star baseball player in high school. He was drafted out of high school by the Pittsburgh Pirates. But instead of going on to a career in baseball, he heard the call of duty and he volunteered to join the U.S. Army and to serve in Vietnam. He became an Army Ranger. He was seri-ously injured while rescuing fellow sol-diers. He was sent home with a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart. When he came home, Butch reunited with his high school sweetheart Rita. He started a family, and he started working, despite his injuries. He spent 40 years as a truckdriver. The lack of shock absorbers in those old trucks hurt his knees a lot. His knees had been injured in Vietnam in battle. Ulti-mately, it required 37 surgeries. But he kept working and never complained. He sacrificed for his family and for their pension—to the point of foregoing pay raises, vacations, and other benefits in order to guarantee that he had a suffi-cient pension for retirement. They planned on it, like you would or any-body would. Finally retired, a year ago Butch was surprised when he received a letter in the mail saying his pension would be cut by 40 percent—the pension that he was depending on. So after all those years of work and sacrifice, his pension would be deeply slashed. Butch felt be-trayed, and I think that is understand-able. He organized with his fellow retir-ees an effort to try to defend those pen-sions, and that is how I came to know him. He came to Washington, DC, to meet with me here. I also met with him in Ohio. I listened to his story. I lis-tened to his wife Rita, who is very ar-ticulate, and we addressed different ways to try to save his pension. He is one of the reasons we came up with this legislation. This past New Year’s Eve, feeling the stress, Butch became ill, and he died of a massive heart take. He was 64 years old. His wife Rita is left to pick up the pieces. She has now lost her husband. Her own dad is battling Stage IV can-cer. She is looking at a 40-percent cut to her survivor’s benefit. She is pre-paring to sell the house that she and her husband Butch saved a lifetime for. She is wondering what her future is going to be. She is a very strong woman. She worked tirelessly to save for these pensions. Now she is fighting to make sure all the hard work her husband put in was not in vain. This is who we are fighting for. Think about Butch Lewis when we think about what we should do. Think about Rita and 400,000 other members of the Central States Pension Fund. These are people who played by the rules. They worked hard, and yet, in their retirement years, they face pos-sible financial ruin through no fault of their own. This is why we need to pass the Pen-sion Accountability Act. We have at-tempted to offer it as amendments in previous legislation here over the last couple of months. We are going to con-tinue to do that. We are not going to give up. I would hope the Senate and the House would see that by giving people a voice, it gives them leverage, and we can come up with a better and a more fair solution for everybody. I yield back my time. I yield to the Senator from North Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from North Caro-lina. 
GENOCIDE AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION ACT  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, April is Genocide Awareness and Prevention Month. As we remember all those who have lost their lives in the wave of ter-rorist violence sweeping the world, I call on my Senate colleagues to join the effort to make real the words ‘‘never again’’ by cosponsoring S. 2551, the Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act. Islamic extremists are waging reli-gious war so severe that the Pope of the Catholic Church and the Patriarch of the Greek Orthodox Church came to-gether, stating: 
Whole families, villages and cities of our brothers and sisters in Christ are being com-pletely exterminated. Their churches are being barbarously ravaged and looted, their sacred objects profaned, their monuments destroyed. It is with pain that we call to mind the situation in Syria, Iraq and other countries of the Middle East, and the mas-sive exodus of Christians from the land in which our faith was first disseminated and in which they have lived together with other religious communities since the time of the Apostles. We call upon the international community to act urgently in order to pre-vent the further expulsion of Christians from the Middle East. In raising our voice in de-fense of persecuted Christians, we wish to ex-press our compassion for the suffering expe-rienced by the faithful of other religious tra-ditions who have also become victims of civil war, chaos, and terrorist violence. On February 4, a nearly unanimous European Parliament passed a resolu-tion declaring that ISIS ‘‘is commit-ting genocide against Christians and other religious and ethnic minorities.’’ Sadly, the United States, in keeping with the President’s desire to lead from behind, only recently decided to call it genocide in the face of the religious cleansing taking place in the heart of the Middle East. ISIS vows that they will break our crosses and enslave our women—they are speaking of Chris-tians—and they will place a black flag at the top of St. Peter’s Basilica. At the other end of the Middle East, we have Iran. Iran is launching test mis-siles with the words ‘‘Death to Israel’’ on the tips of the ballistic missiles, in Hebrew. We would do well to remember the words of an Israeli Prime Minister who said: ‘‘When someone tells you he wants to kill you, believe him.’’ If you think it is a problem that is over there, think again. Terrorism reaches our shores. It has devastated some of the great cities of the world like London, Paris, Brussels, Madrid, and Bali. As a result of conflict, there are now a record 60 million displaced persons— men, women, and children. That is more than at the height of the dis-placement of World War II. Responding to the dire needs of those fleeing violence has driven a 600-per-cent increase in global humanitarian aid over the past 10 years, from $3.5 bil-lion in 2004 to $20 billion in 2015. I have actually seen the human cost in ref-ugee camps along the Turkish-Syrian border. I was there a couple of weeks ago, less than 30 miles away from the Syrian border in Turkey. These were Muslims fleeing ISIS and a blood-thirsty dictator who unleashed chem-ical weapons on his own citizens. In the 1980s, then-Ambassador to the United Nations Jeanne Kirkpatrick took up the cause of preventing geno-cide. With the memory of Chairman Mao’s killing of 100 million still fresh in her mind, her attention was turned to Africa, where she saw the first stirrings of the genocide on the con-tinent, and then to Cambodia, where Pol Pot murdered over one-third of his nation. She urged President Reagan to sign the convention on genocide, and President Reagan did just that. President Reagan said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.028 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2523 April 28, 2016 
We gather today to bear witness to the past and learn from its awful example, and to make sure that we’re not condemned to relive its crimes. . . . the genocide conven-tion [is a] howl of anguish and an effort to prevent and punish future acts of genocide. 
I believe Congress has an important leadership role to play here. We can help ensure that America has the tools to combat genocide and atrocities and combat violent conflict. That is why I joined Senator C
ARDIN in introducing the Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act. As does the Senator from North Carolina, I also have a special reason for supporting this legislation that has the potential to fuse diplomacy, intel-ligence, and foreign aid, and in turn, prioritize government action to pre-vent future atrocities by working to-gether. It is important to me because my State, as I said earlier today, is at the tip of the sphere. When diplomacy fails, it is the 82nd Airborne and Special Forces from Fort Bragg or the U.S. Ma-rines from Camp Lejeune who are going to go resolve the conflict. We want to avoid those conflicts. We owe it to them to do better by putting partisan-ship aside and by taking up proactive steps to avoid sending our servicemem-bers into harm’s way to confront a con-flict that may be able to be prevented without firing a single shot. Silence is the greatest enemy of free-dom. Silence led to the devastation of Jews in Europe. But from the ashes of the Holocaust came the State of Israel and the vow ‘‘never again.’’ The first President Bush reminded us: ‘‘The words ’never again’ do not refer to the past; they refer to the future. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon with great regret, having to raise the issue of the pending nomination of the Secretary of the Army. Mr. Eric Fanning has been nominated to be the Secretary of the Army. We have held hearings in the Armed Services Committee, and his name has been on the calendar for con-firmation. My friend from Kansas, who is on the floor with me—and he is my dear friend of many years, despite the branch in which he chose to serve in the military—has been objecting to the confirmation of Mr. Eric Fanning as the Secretary of the Army, which is his right. Mr. Fanning had a distinguished ca-reer. He served as Special Assistant to the Secretary of Defense and White House Liaison. He served as Deputy Undersecretary of the Navy and Dep-uty Chief Management Officer of the Navy. The Senate confirmed him, and he served as Under Secretary of the Air Force, including 6 months as Acting Secretary of the Air Force. He served as Chief of Staff to the Secretary of De-fense, Dr. Ash Carter. Later, he served as Acting Under Secretary and Acting Secretary of the Army. In 2016, he served as the Special Assistant to the Secretary of Defense. He comes from a military family. He has two uncles who graduated from West Point and were career Army offi-cers. He has another uncle who is a ca-reer Air Force officer. He has a cousin who flew helicopters in the Marine Corps and another cousin who was an Army Ranger. He has senior executive leadership experience in all three military depart-ments and has pursued efficiencies and transformation in every part of the De-partment of Defense. His most recent experience as Acting Under Secretary and Secretary of the Army has given him a solid understanding of the chal-lenges currently facing the Army and the need to sustain a ready Army that will, as he said at his confirmation hearing, deter enemies, assure allies, build partner capacity, and be ready to respond when the Nation calls. One of the obligations—in some re-spects—that we as Senators have is the role of advice and consent, and that is an important role. As Senators, we also understand that elections have con-sequences, and therefore—although it is not written down anywhere—when a President is selected by the American people, then that President should be given the benefit of the doubt as to the person or persons the President wants on his or her team. I believe it is then our job to make the decision on wheth-er to confirm or deny confirmation based on our view of the qualifications but with the presumption that we would confirm someone rather than the presumption that we wouldn’t confirm someone. When the American people choose their leader—the President of the United States—then it seems to me it is our obligation, unless there is a reason not to do so, to ensure that the President has a team around him he has selected. I am stating the obvious, and Mr. Fanning is clearly qualified. He has performed well in the hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee. My friend from Kansas has objected to Mr. Fanning being confirmed by the Senate, and I will let him describe his reasons for objecting to the nomina-tion, but as I understand it, the Sen-ator from Kansas does not want the de-tainees from Guantanamo transferred to the State of Kansas. I have assured my dear friend from Kansas that the Armed Services Com-mittee will not approve the transfer of detainees to the United States of America unless there is a plan that will assure the American people the cir-cumstances surrounding that transfer, if it should ever take place, will be ap-propriate. The administration, after 7
1⁄2 years that I have been dealing with them, has no plan. I can assure the Senator from Kansas that the Defense authorization bill, which I assume will be made into law, will again prohibit the transfer of detainees from Guanta-namo to the United States of America until there is a plan that is approved by the Congress of the United States. That is our obligation and our role. Now, add to that that Mr. Fanning has no role to play. He has no role to play in this decisionmaking as to whether we transfer detainees from Guanta-namo to the United States of America. When we consider nominations, we should be considering the role, mission, and responsibilities of that nominee, and, frankly, I say to my dear friend from Kansas, he has no role to play in the whole scenario I described. I urge my friend, in the strongest possible way I can, to work together with me, as we have over the last 71⁄2 years on this issue of Guantanamo, and give the benefit of the Senator’s exper-tise as we bring the Defense authoriza-tion bill to the floor during the last week in May, which is when it is sched-uled, and talk about Guantanamo. I am totally confident and can assure the Senator from Kansas that the over-whelming majority of the Armed Serv-ices Committee and I am sure a major-ity in the Senate—I am totally con-fident that the Defense authorization bill will have a prohibition on the transfer of detainees to the United States of America unless there is a plan that is approved by the Congress of the United States. Finally, I understand that the Sen-ator from Kansas is very concerned about this issue and has been for a long time. No one understands better than he. He was a former member of the U.S. Marine Corps and is aware of the obli-gations to preserve the safety and secu-rity of this Nation. All I can say is that the U.S. Army needs this man, Mr. Eric Fanning’s leadership. It is not fair to the men and women of the U.S. Army to be without the leadership of a Secretary of the Army. Mr. Fanning is eminently quali-fied to assume the role of Secretary of the Army. I urge my friend and colleague to not object to the unanimous consent re-quest I am about to propound. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 477, the nomination of Eric Fanning to be Secretary of the Army; that the nomination be confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object. I want to make certain that my colleagues understand my position on this matter. My hold on Eric Fanning’s nomination is not in re-lation to his capabilities, expertise, or character, and it is certainly not in-tended to bring undue stress to our U.S. Army. Rather, my hold on the nominee is to protect the security of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.030 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2524 April 28, 2016 
the United States and especially the people of Kansas. I will be more than happy to vote for Mr. Fanning once the White House ad-dresses my concerns regarding the President’s efforts to move Guanta-namo Bay terrorist detainees to the mainland, with Fort Leavenworth, KS, the intellectual center of the Army, very high on the list. I have been clear, honest, and flexible with the White House. I am simply ask-ing that they communicate to me what all those who have reviewed Fort Leav-enworth already know; that Fort Leav-enworth is not a suitable replacement for the detention facilities at Guanta-namo Bay. The White House has not re-ciprocated. I have prepared lengthier remarks on my position in this matter. At this time, I ask unanimous consent to pro-ceed for 5 additional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, the senior Senator from Arizona, our dis-tinguished chairman of the Armed Services Committee and my friend, has made a very impassioned plea for me to remove my hold on Eric Fanning to be Secretary of the U.S. Army. I want to be very clear that as a veteran and ma-rine, I support the nominee for this post. Kansas is the proud home to two Army posts, Fort Leavenworth, the in-tellectual center of the Army where the commandant staff school is lo-cated, and Fort Riley, home of the Big Red One—two proud posts with very rich histories. I want the Army to have a highly qualified Secretary just as much as the distinguished Senator from Arizona, but it is due to my deep respect and concern for the men and women in uni-form at Fort Leavenworth, and those who live and work in the region, that I am compelled to issue my hold on the President’s nominee in the first place. As I have publicly stated from the be-ginning, and personally to Mr. Fan-ning, former Army Secretary John McHugh, and Defense Secretary Ash Carter, my quarrel is not with the nominee but with the President. President Obama continues to insist that he will close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility before he leaves of-fice, transferring the remaining detain-ees to the U.S. mainland, with Fort Leavenworth under serious consider-ation. Quite frankly, this is a legacy item for the President. After much study and review, I can name countless reasons why this plan is wrong and it is also illegal. The President’s own Cabi-net has acknowledged this, and the Secretary of Defense and the Attorney General have publicly stated that cur-rent law prohibits the transfer of Guantanamo Bay detainees to the mainland. Yet the President is undeterred. He continues to insist it will be done, even if he has to resort to Executive power in defiance of the law and the will of the Congress. As a re-sult, I have been left with very little choice other than to do what I can as an individual Senator to block the transfer of detainees to Fort Leaven-worth. I understand and share the concerns of the distinguished Senator, but if there is any anger, concerns, or frus-trations, it should be directed at a White House that intends to ignore laws written and introduced by the Senator from Arizona himself. We should be speaking today, not about my attempts to protect the people of my State and Fort Leavenworth, we should be speaking about a White House that ignores the National De-fense Authorization Act and every ap-propriations bill passed in this Cham-ber since 2009. We should be angry at a White House that wants to bring this terrorist threat to our shores without so much as an intelligence assessment as to the risk and benefits of such an action to our citizens at home or to our men and women in uniform. An intel-ligence assessment regarding these concerns does not exist. The administration is responsible for refusing to come forward with a real plan to relocate prisoners, instead of a weak and veiled attempt to honor a campaign promise, which is the only way to characterize the actions to date. Just days ago, I received the most classified report from the Department of Defense on moving the detainees from Gitmo. This report—far from clearing up any reports—made it even more apparent to me that it is vir-tually impossible to safely relocate terrorists at Fort Leavenworth. The assessment is there. All I am asking is for the White House to assure me that Fort Leavenworth is not a via-ble alternative. Cities and towns across America are holding their collective breath while we await the White House’s judgment as to where to house these detainees. For those of us in the crosshairs, we are left with very few options to fight a President who is willing to break the law. With this hold, I have used one of the tools—perhaps the only tool other than a filibuster—afforded to me as a U.S. Senator, and I will continue to do everything in my power to fulfill the obligations of the security of the United States. It is what Kansans ex-pect and have demanded of me. If the White House calls and assures me that terrorists held at Guantanamo will not come to the Fort Leaven-worth, I will gradually release this hold immediately. As a matter of fact, we just had a conversation with the White House this morning in the hopes that this could be worked out, but the White House simply would not give me that assurance. Make no mistake, I remain ada-mantly opposed to placing detainees anywhere on the mainland. The distin-guished Senator from Arizona knows that, and I think he shares those views. However, if the plans and studies from the administration rule out Fort Leav-enworth as an option, all they have to do is tell me. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the request by the Senator from Arizona? Mr. ROBERTS. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, Mr. Fan-ning has nothing to do with the issue. We are shooting a hostage that has nothing to do with the decisionmaking process. If we inaugurate a practice here of holding nominees over an issue that is not related to those nominees, we are abusing our power and author-ity as U.S. Senators. Secondly, the Senator from Kansas knows he cannot have the President call him. If he did that, he would then have to call 99 other Senators who would then hold up nominees because they have not been assured that de-tainees will not be relocated to their States according to any plan that the President may come up with. What we are doing is telling a nomi-nee who is totally and eminently quali-fied for the job that that person cannot fulfill those responsibilities and take on that very important leadership post because of an unrelated issue that has nothing to do with Mr. Fanning. That is not the appropriate use of senatorial privilege. What if we set this precedent and every Senator—100 Senators— adopts the practice of saying: I don’t want the President to pursue a certain course of action, therefore I will hold his or her nominees hostage until they take a certain course of action. That is not the role of advice and consent. That is a distortion of advice and con-sent. Let me say, I will be coming back to the floor on Mr. Fanning’s nomination. It is not fair to him. He is an American citizen. He has served for years in the service of his country, at least since 2009 that I can see. He shouldn’t be held hostage to a policy decision that—the full Senate will act to prevent that ac-tion. I tell my colleague that the full Sen-ate, as we have the last several years, will prohibit the transfer of detainees from Guantanamo Bay until the Presi-dent of the United States comes for-ward with a plan that is approved by the Senate. So if a plan came forward that contained movement of the de-tainees to Fort Leavenworth, as the Senator from Kansas is worried about, then the Senate would say no. We would say no. So, unfortunately, we have seen the Senator from Kansas take a nominee who is fully qualified in every aspect— he passed through the Senate Armed Services Committee by voice vote—and hold him hostage to an action that the nominee has no ability to take, has no ability to determine, nor is it in his area of responsibility as Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.031 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2525 April 28, 2016 
the Army to determine a policy on Guantanamo. So if we are going to set a precedent here, I say to my friend from Kansas, that if we don’t like a certain policy or anticipated action by the President of the United States in some area, we will therefore hold up a nominee for an of-fice which they are not in any way re-lated to—that is not the way the Sen-ate should behave. Mr. ROBERTS. Will my friend from Arizona yield? Mr. M
CCAIN. Sure. I will be glad to yield to my friend. Mr. ROBERTS. Well, if this is a bad precedent and all that the distin-guished chairman of the Armed Serv-ices Committee has said it is with re-gard to my actions, I will remind him that there has been a precedent before this time. The year was 2009, and this issue came up. Obviously, it was a cam-paign promise by the President. There was a lot of concern, a lot of frustra-tion, a lot of anger. I asked myself at that particular time what on Earth I could do to stop this effort to move de-tainees to Fort Leavenworth. Again, I would stress that it is the intellectual center of the Army. The commander staff school is there—think Pershing, think Eisenhower, think MacArthur, think Petraeus. Bad fit. Sixteen thou-sand people at Leavenworth have signed a petition saying no to the de-tainees. Back then, in 2009, John McHugh—a wonderful Congressman, a great friend to me, and a great Secretary of the Army—was being nominated. I took the very same action, I would tell the distinguished Senator from Arizona, and put a hold on John. I called him up. I said: John, I have some bad news and some good news. He said: Well, give me the bad news. I said: Somebody here in the Senate has put a hold on you. He said: Who on Earth would do that? I said: It is me. He was a little stunned—I think a lot—and would probably make the same statement and speech the Sen-ator from Arizona has given. I said: Not to worry. All that has to happen is for the administration to give me assurance—it could be vocal; I don’t expect him to write it down— that the detainees will not be moved to Fort Leavenworth. John went to work to try to carry that message to the administration. I am not saying that Eric Fanning should do that, but John McHugh did. And it wasn’t very long after that that the legal counsel from the White House—and I won’t get into names here—called me and assured me that would be the case. I immediately lifted the hold. So there is a precedent in 2009, and it worked. Again, I really regret—my hold on Eric Fanning’s nomination is not in re-lation to his capabilities, his expertise, his character, and certainly not in-tended to bring undue stress to the U.S. Army. I understand that. But when we are faced with a situation like this, and the situation could be further explained by a call that I just received prior to the distinguished Senator com-ing to the floor—the White House knows this—we had a very frank con-versation. The conversation pretty well ended up: I can’t give you that assur-ance, but we won’t surprise you; i.e., if we have an Executive order and we are moving detainees into Fort Leaven-worth, we will certainly tell you. So I can’t release this hold, as I did in 2009. I don’t think the statute of lim-itations is here with regard to the pre-vious assurance I got from the White House. If there is, maybe it is because that is—when the legal counsel left, all of a sudden we were back to where we are. So the ball is in the court of the White House. All they have to do is give me another call and indicate that things will be fine. I am not telling them what language to use or anything else. I might add that there are two other Senators who are very concerned about this—Senator T
IMSCOTT of South Carolina and the distinguished Senator from Colorado, C
ORYGARDNER . I thank the Senator for yielding. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, just quickly, facts are stubborn things, I say to my friend from Kansas. The rea-son there hasn’t been movement of the detainees is because the action of the Senate Armed Services Committee in the authorization bill prohibited such a thing from happening. It has nothing to do with any hold or no hold that the Senator from Kansas has. Let’s be very clear about that. And whether Eric Fanning is confirmed or not, it does not change the situation one iota—not one iota. I have assured the Senator from Kan-sas that the Senate Armed Services Committee—I know enough about my own committee to know that they will be passing again, as we have for the last several years, a prohibition on the movement of detainees until there is a plan. And in 2009 or whenever it was, I am sure they had no plan at that time because they came to see me and I told them to come up with a plan. So the Senator’s actions have noth-ing to do with whether or not the President closes Guantanamo and transfers them, and the Senator’s ac-tion right now has nothing to do with whether or not the President of the United States will decide to close Guantanamo by Executive order and move them to Leavenworth. There is nothing he is doing by withholding this nomination that would in any way in-hibit the President from acting. The only thing that will inhibit the Presi-dent from acting is the aye vote of Sen-ator from Kansas on the Defense au-thorization bill which will be on the floor at the end of May and which will have a prohibition for the transfer of those detainees. So I would hope my dear friend from Kansas would understand that what we need to do is get a defense authoriza-tion to the floor, get it in conference with the House, and get it to the Presi-dent’s desk. That is the best way he can keep any movement of detainees to Kansas and to Fort Leavenworth. And at the same time, the President of the United States, despite your hold on Mr. Fanning, may act by Executive order. Nothing you are doing by prohibiting Mr. Fanning from being confirmed to a post he is well qualified for—to lead the U.S. Army—will have any effect whatsoever on an Executive order by the President of the United States. Mr. ROBERTS. Will the Senator yield again for one last comment? Mr. MCCAIN. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, every Senator listening to this—every person listening to this—should understand, with the summation the Senator has just given, what an outstanding chair-man of the Senate Armed Services Committee he has been and what a stalwart he has been for our men and women in uniform. I cannot think of a chairman—and there have been a lot of very great chairmen in the Senate Armed Services Committee, but none so well qualified as the Senator from Arizona. His remarks are right on point with regard to his point of view. His remarks sing, if you will, in behalf of our national defense. He is a great friend. He is a personal friend. I respect him more than he knows, and I appre-ciate him. I think he mentioned Eric Fanning to be Secretary of the Navy. That might be an alternative. But at any rate, I want to thank him for his remarks. But if this has no bearing on any-thing, why did the White House call me just before we came down here trying to work it out? And saying that in 2009—OK, they did let me know that Fort Leavenworth was not being con-sidered. As I say again, there is no statute of limitations, I don’t think, except just ‘‘Oh well, by the way, we are going to change our mind’’ and a couple of little campaign assurances by the President saying ‘‘Well, we can al-ways use an Executive order’’—not to mention his Press Secretary. So if there is nothing to bear here—this doesn’t have any relationship to the issue at hand—why did the White House call and say ‘‘Well, we will make a decision down the road, but we won’t surprise you’’? I shouldn’t even be talking about this with regard to the communications this morning. So I just disagree with my good friend. I thank him for his leadership, and I thank him for his po-sition. Were I in his position, I prob-ably would be saying the same thing. Mr. M
CCAIN. May I just say, Mr. President, that I hope my dear friend from Kansas—we are about to go into a week-long recess—would do as he al-ways does, and that is contemplate and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.033 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2526 April 28, 2016 
communicate, as he does with the peo-ple of Kansas, who have honored him for so much time here in the Congress of the United States. Maybe hopefully we could work this out with the cer-tain knowledge and my assurance that I am 100 percent confident that the Senate Armed Services Committee will report a bill that will become law that prohibits the transfer of the detainees from Guantanamo to anywhere in the United States of America until there is a plan that is approved by Congress, and I want to give him that confidence. His passion that he has displayed here is ample evidence for why the peo-ple of Kansas hold him with such affec-tion and respect. He is fighting for what he believes is in the best interests of the people whom he represents so well and honorably. I hope he will have the opportunity, as we go into recess next week, to talk with his constituents and think about this and think about my assurance that we will not—we will not—approve of a transfer of detainees from Guanta-namo Bay unless it is in compliance with the law that we will pass. I thank my colleague. I know the Senator from Tennessee is waiting. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, within a few minutes we will be voting on whether to cut off debate on the En-ergy and Water appropriations bill and move to finish the bill. I hope my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle will vote yes. This is a bill the Senator from Cali-fornia and I have worked on carefully with Members on both sides of the aisle. More than 80 Senators have made contributions to the bill. We considered 18 amendments on the floor. This is a bill which is about half national de-fense and about half essential services. These include dredging harbors and building locks and dams. These include our 17 National Laboratories and keep-ing us first in the world in supercom-puting. It is within the Budget Control Act, and it is the part of the budget that is flat. In other words, it is a part of the budget that is reasonably under control, not the part that is not. It is also the first time since 2009 that this Energy and Water appropria-tions bill has had the opportunity to go across the floor in the regular order. It is the earliest appropriations bill that has been considered by the Senate since 1974. Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator R
EIDpicked this bill because they thought Senator F
EINSTEIN and I could work with Members of the Sen-ate to establish a model for how to deal with the remainder of the appropria-tions process, and we hope that proves to be true. We have run into one issue, and that is an amendment by the Senator from Arkansas regarding Iran. That is a pro-vocative amendment—I understand that—on both sides of the aisle, and the President cares about it as well. But I have worked hard to get Senators a right to offer germane amendments. Some Senators have chosen to with-draw their amendments in order to keep the bill moving along, but Sen-ator COTTON has a right to offer his amendment on the bill, and I support him in doing that. He has been emi-nently reasonable. He has offered to modify it. He has offered to do it at an-other time. He has offered to vote it at 60 votes or to vote it by voice vote. So far, we have not had any agreement. If we do not succeed, I am going to keep working with Senator F
EINSTEIN , the Democratic and Republican lead-ers, and with Senator C
OTTON in the hopes that when we come back next Monday, we will have a suitable solu-tion and we will vote still again on fin-ishing the Energy and Water appropria-tions bill. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to speak for 2 more minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Over the last year and 5 months the White House has threatened 87 vetoes. That is about one every week and a half. If we shut down the Senate and stopped our work every time the President threatened a veto, we would be here about 3 or 4 hours every Monday afternoon. When we say to the President: Your budget is dead on arrival, he sends us his budget anyway. The way to handle a veto threat is the way we did it with the national de-fense act, which is to say: All right, Mr. President, if you want to veto it, you may. We sent it to him, and he did. It came back, and the offending provi-sion was taken out. A better way to do it might be that the President says: I will veto the education bill. We worked with him, and we sent him a version that he could sign. My plea with my friends on the Democratic side, as well as on the Re-publican side, is let’s not let the White House lead us around by the nose and tell us we can’t consider a bill just be-cause there is a veto threat. We should consider the bill. We are a coequal branch of government. We should do what we think we ought to do—defeat it or pass it. Then, if the President chooses to veto it, that is his constitu-tional prerogative, and most of the time, if we know that is going to hap-pen, the offending provision comes out. I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I hope that it succeeds. If it doesn’t, we will be hav-ing the same exact vote a week from next Monday when we come back, and I will do my best to help that succeed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to pro-ceed to the motion to reconsider the cloture vote on amendment No. 3801 is agreed to and the motion to reconsider is agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3801 to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028, an act making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Lamar Alexander, Jerry Moran, John Boozman, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, Roy Blunt, Orrin G. Hatch, John Hoeven, John Thune, Thad Cochran, Roger F. Wicker, Mark Kirk, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Johnny Isakson, Pat Roberts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 3801, offered by the Senator from Ten-nessee, Mr. A
LEXANDER , as amended, to H.R. 2028, shall be brought to a close, upon reconsideration? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. THE PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 65 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Fischer Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Markey McCaskill Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Booker Boxer Cruz Johnson Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 43. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.034 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2527 April 28, 2016 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, upon reconsideration, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Alexander substitute amendment No. 3801. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3801 to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028, an act making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Tim Scott, Marco Rubio, Michael B. Enzi, Daniel Coats, Cory Gardner, Roy Blunt, John Cor-nyn, Mike Rounds, James Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, Thad Cochran, Lamar Alexander, Johnny Isakson, David Vit-ter, Patrick J. Toomey, Rand Paul. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SENTENCING REFORM AND CORRECTIONS ACT  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there are a lot of divisions on Capitol Hill, and the press spends a lot of time re-porting differences between Democrats and Republicans in the House and the Senate. I think that is one of the rea-sons the press conference I just left is noteworthy, because at this press con-ference, we had equal numbers of Democratic Senators and Republican Senators talking about a bill that we hope to move forward on the floor of the Senate. The bill relates to criminal justice reform. I am pleased to cosponsor this legis-lation with Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY , the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. We are proud to have the support as well of Senator L
EAHY and Senator M IKELEEof Utah, who was one of the original authors of this bill 3 years ago when we both in-troduced it. We also have the support of the Republican whip, J
OHN CORNYN  of Texas; S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island; and many others who have joined this effort. What is it about this bill that could bring people together who are so dif-ferent—liberals, conservatives, Demo-crats, Republicans? It is a common be-lief that we bring to this that at this moment in history, we need to take an honest look at the incarceration policy in America. The United States of America has 5 percent of the world’s population and 25 percent of the world’s prisoners. Over the last 35 years, we have in-creased the number of Federal pris-oners by anywhere from 800 percent to 900 percent. We are building Federal prisons as fast as you can imagine, and they are dramatically overcrowded. It raises the obvious question: Are we safer? If we spend $30,000 a year to in-carcerate a person, take them off the streets and away from their family, are we safer because of it? In some cases, we clearly are. Our first obligation is public safety. If someone is a threat-ening, deadly, violent criminal, they ought to be taken off the streets as long as they are a menace or a danger to society. But the largest increase in the Federal prison population during the period I just described is for non-violent offenders, people who have sold drugs in America. The problem is made worse because we decided 25 or 30 years ago to create mandatory minimum sentences. What it meant was that when the judge sen-tenced someone, there was an absolute floor they couldn’t go below regardless of the circumstances. Needless to say, that resulted in the miscarriage of jus-tice in many cases. Sadly, it isn’t just a matter of longer sentences. We have seen some dispari-ties and injustice that we have to be very honest about, as painful as it is to describe them. For instance, the major-ity of illegal drug users and drug deal-ers in America are White. Three-quar-ters of all the people incarcerated for drug offenses are African American and Latino, and the large majority of those who are being sentenced under manda-tory minimum sentences are African American and Latino. Let’s be very honest about this. In my State of Illinois, I have to be be-cause in the city of Chicago and other communities, we are going through a very candid and painful discussion about the issues of race and justice. We have to be honest. We are incarcerating minorities in this country at dramati-cally higher percentages than we should. The reason I say that goes back to the original point: The majority of illegal drug users and sellers in Amer-ica are White; three-quarters of those in prison are not. As a result of mandatory minimums, the families of nonviolent offenders are separated for years on end, and a dis-proportionate number of them are peo-ple of color. This is destroying commu-nities, damaging and destroying fami-lies, and, sadly, eroding faith in our criminal justice system. In 2010 I worked with Senator J
EFF S
ESSIONS of Alabama. He is a very con-servative Republican but one of my colleagues and friends on the Senate Judiciary Committee. We passed the Fair Sentencing Act. You see, we had a disparity in sentencing so that those who were found guilty of selling and using crack cocaine were sentenced at 100 times the standard of powder co-caine. There was a reason for it, but it turned out not to be valid. Yet for years this was the standard. We were filling our prisons primarily with Afri-can Americans on crack offenses, and if they were repeat offenders—three times and you are out, three strikes and you are out—they could be sen-tenced for long periods of time. Senator SESSIONS and I decided to change it. We reduced the disparity be-tween crack and powder, and we have seen a dramatic downturn not only in those serving times for crack cocaine offenses and selling them but also the arrests that are being made today. This bill we just announced in a press conference—the latest version and I think a good version—is another step forward. It will give judges more dis-cretion in sentencing below the manda-tory minimum on an individual case- by-case basis. A young man whom I have come to know is Alton Mills. Alton is from Chi-cago, IL. In the year 1994 at the age of 24, Alton Mills was given a mandatory sentence of life in prison without pa-role for a low-level, nonviolent drug of-fense. This man had never served 1 day in prison in his life, and at age 24 he re-ceived a life acceptance. I appealed to President Obama to use his Executive authority to give Alton Mills another chance. Just before Christmas last year, the President commuted his sen-tence, and Alton Mills was released after 22 years in Federal prison. He was there today in a meeting we had with his mom. She never gave up on him. She was the one who appealed to me initially to take a look at her son’s case. His attorney, a dynamic Af-rican-American woman named MiAngel Cody, really closed the deal as she de-scribed this case in detail and how un-fortunate it was that a 24-year-old man would receive a life sentence for low- level, nonviolent drug offenses. He is not alone. There are hundreds more just like him serving mandatory life sentences for third-strike sen-tences. The Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act, which Senator G
RASS -
LEY and I have introduced, would eliminate this mandatory life sentence. This change alone would change the sentencing for many who are currently serving in Federal prisons. The bill was reported out of the Judi-ciary Committee in its original form by a vote of 15 to 5—a good, strong vote. We have picked up an additional number of Republican sponsors since we have made some other changes in the bill. I thank Senator L
EEfor join-ing me in initially introducing this bill. There are so many people who are counting on this legislation, not just those families who have someone serv-ing time in prison but many people across the board—Black, White, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.038 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2528 April 28, 2016 
Brown—who want to see us restore faith in the system of criminal justice. We had an amazing endorsement of our bill. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the letter of endorsement. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL DISTRICT  A
TTORNEYS ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, Virginia, April 26, 2016. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Democratic Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  D
EMOCRATIC LEADER REID: On behalf of the National District Attorneys Association (NDAA), the largest prosecutor organization representing 2500 elected and appointed Dis-trict Attorneys across the United States as well as 30,000 assistant district attorneys, I write in support of S. 2123, the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act of 2015. As a re-sult of months of changes and good faith ne-gotiations, our organization feels the latest version of the bill strikes the appropriate balance between targeting the highest level drug traffickers plaguing our communities, while simultaneously decreasing crime rates and addressing the burgeoning prison popu-lation. America’s federal, state, local and tribal prosecutors have as their primary responsi-bility the administration of justice. Every-day, prosecutors have to make tough judg-ment calls. Sometimes, that judgment call involves locking up individuals for a long pe-riod of time for a heinous crime that dam-aged a community. More often, we work hard to provide second chances and concerted ef-forts are made to rehabilitate an individual with the goal of reducing the chance that he or she will reoffend back into the system. As we have seen from the cost curve pub-lished by the National Academy of Sciences, the current prison population is simply unsustainable and continues to have a great-er and greater impact on broader funding and programming at the Department of Jus-tice. Budget aside, communities across this country have shifted to embrace rehabilita-tion and the opinion that certain individuals in our federal prison system are serving sen-tences that are too long compared to the crime they committed. This legislation aims to strike the appropriate balance of time served and the relevant crime by modifying the three strikes rule for drug felonies, with a third strike now carrying a 25-year penalty as opposed to life, and second strike carrying a 15-year sentence instead of 20 years. Appro-priately so, the bill expands the three strikes rule to apply to serious violent felonies, en-suring that we use prison for those we are afraid of, not those whom we are mad at based on their behavior. One previous concern our members high-lighted was the retroactive nature of many provisions in the original bill. The new version takes into account that concern by limiting the retroactivity where applicable if an individual’s record contains any serious violent felony. We feel this filters out the truly dangerous individuals who should stay out of the community, while allowing lower level offenders a chance for redemption. Our members also realize that as we see the same offenders reenter the criminal jus-tice system time and time again, we must be creative and come up with innovative pro-grams to reduce recidivism, including job training skills, addiction counseling and other productive activities. According to a report primarily authored by the National Center for State Courts, ‘‘properly designed and operated recidivism-reduction programs can significantly reduce offender recidivism. Such programs are more effective, and more cost-effective, than incarceration in reduc-ing crime rates.’’ As part of the broader legislation, the Cor-rections Act requires the development of a risk assessment tool that will categorize in-mates based on their risk of recidivism and subsequently determine which types of pro-gramming are most tailored to that individ-ual’s needs and risks. This is an important step in targeting at risk populations and pro-viding the necessary resources to rehabili-tate those individuals with the eventual goal of returning to our communities as produc-tive citizens. At the same time, appropriate parameters are set for who is eligible to earn good time credit for completion of the recidi-vism reduction programming in order to keep the most dangerous and high-risk indi-viduals from being eligible for early release to community supervision and off the streets. We are especially appreciative of the provi-sion in the legislation requiring an annual report by the Attorney General outlining how savings accrued from modifications to federal sentencing will be reinvested into ef-forts by federal, state and local prosecutors and law enforcement to go after drug traf-fickers and gangs, as well as provide the nec-essary training and tools needed to carry out investigations, keep officers safe, and ensure successful programming and initiatives are duplicated across communities in the form of best practices. Unfortunately, as the Bu-reau of Prison’s (BOP) budget has continued to rise, funding for state and local law en-forcement grants has been slashed to the bone negatively impacting innovative work in the field including diversion programs, up-dating of information sharing systems, and hot spot policing. This language is an ac-knowledgement that vital funding streams to prosecutors and law enforcement must be restored to protect the communities we serve. The members of NDAA are acutely aware that our federal partners need to have the ability to allocate resources to state pros-ecutors to help combat human trafficking, domestic violence, the scourge of prescrip-tion drug addiction, and so many other ills that plague our communities. Absent mean-ingful sentencing reform, where the truly dangerous are locked up for an appropriate period of time and those with addiction or mental health issues have the chance for treatment and rehabilitation, those needed resources will not exist. We applaud the bipartisan leadership of the Senators and staff who have spent consider-able time working on this compromise legis-lation. Their tireless efforts have included open and transparent communication with our organization and members, which has not gone unnoticed. We look forward to working with both of you and other Senators and staff in the weeks ahead to move this bi-partisan legislation forward. Respectfully, W
ILLIAM FITZPATRICK , President, National District Attorneys Association. 
Mr. DURBIN. The National District Attorneys Association, which is the largest group of criminal prosecutors in America, has endorsed our criminal justice reform bill. We have brought together an incredible coalition. I am proud to have not only the civil rights community, but we also have others from the conservative side, such as Mi-chael Mukasey, former Attorney Gen-eral. Everyone knows him to be a tough prosecutor. He endorses our bill. Others have come forward. They under-stand that it is time to step back and take an honest look at where we are today. This criminal justice reform bill will bring some sanity to our corrections system, and it will save us money. Roughly one-fourth of the Department of Justice appropriations now goes into prisons. By the year 2030, it will be 30 percent. As Senator LEEsaid, we are spending more money on prisons than we are spending in the Department of Justice on the FBI and the Drug En-forcement Administration combined. What if we could reduce that prison population in a responsible, sensible way that doesn’t endanger public safe-ty but gives us resources that could be used by the Department of Justice for law enforcement, for dealing with the heroin epidemic across America and making our neighborhoods truly safe? What if we could take part of that and invest it in the lives of young people before they turn to gangs, before they turn to drugs, and before they turn to guns? That could literally change the face of a great city such as Chicago and the great Nation we live in. This is a historic bill—not just be-cause Democrats and Republicans have come to support it; it is historic be-cause we are tackling one of the tough-est issues of our time. We are doing it in a thoughtful, careful, bipartisan, and respectful manner. I happen to be-lieve that is what the Senate should be all about. I look forward to encouraging my colleagues who have not signed on as cosponsors to do so as quickly as pos-sible. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DUCHENNE MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today as the cochair of the Rare Disease Congressional Caucus in rec-ognition of patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and the loved ones who care for them. Duchenne is a devastating, rare dis-ease that primarily affects boys and young men. There is no cure. It is 100 percent fatal. There are no approved disease-modifying treatments at this time, but we want to give them hope. In 1999, there were no human clinical trials for Duchenne. Today, there are 22 observational trials currently under-way. Life expectancy rates have in-creased by about 10 years in just the past decade. The FDA has more tools in its toolbox than ever to accelerate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.040 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2529 April 28, 2016 
approvals of safe and effective Duchenne therapies, but we would like more therapies to be approved in the future. Duchenne muscular dystrophy is the most common fatal genetic disorder di-agnosed in childhood, affecting ap-proximately 1 in every 3,500 male chil-dren. The disease results in the gradual loss of muscle strength, usually begin-ning before age 5. The progressive mus-cle weakness leads to serious medical problems, particularly issues related to the hearts and lungs. By age 14, over 80 percent of these boys are using wheel-chairs. My work on Duchenne muscular dys-trophy began when I was elected to the Senate. It was an issue my dear friend and former Minnesota Senator, Paul Wellstone, championed. Paul was in-strumental in getting the Muscular Dystrophy Community Assistance Re-search and Education Act—or as it is known, the MD-CARE Act—signed into law back in 2001. The bill dramatically increased in-vestment at the National Institutes of Health for muscular dystrophy re-search and included funding for the creation of six centers of excellence. In recognition of his work, all of the cen-ters share Senator Paul Wellstone’s name. The bill also supported public health policies designed to improve quality of life and boost life expect-ancy of children and adults diagnosed with muscular dystrophy. Since passage of the MD-CARE Act, $500 million has been leveraged for muscular dystrophy research and edu-cation programs, half of which is Duchenne-specific. I then led the reau-thorization of the MD-CARE Act in 2008, and it passed the Senate by unani-mous consent. In 2014, Senator R
OGER  W
ICKER and I led the MD-CARE Amendments of 2014, which built upon the progress by ensuring that efforts are focused on the most critical needs of doctors, patients, and researchers. These are important accomplishments, but more needs to be done. The Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012 gave the FDA increased flexibility to grant accelerated approval for rare disease treatments that have proven to be ben-eficial. The bill also directed the FDA to use patient-focused drug develop-ment tools during the drug approval process. The idea is simple: Patient ex-perience should be a factor when the FDA considers a drug for approval. This gives the FDA the opportunity to hear directly from patients, their fami-lies, and caregivers about the symp-toms that matter most to them, the impact the disease has on patients’ daily lives, and their experiences with treatments. To build upon that progress, Senator W
ICKER and I introduced the Patient- Focused Impact Assessment Act. The bill would help advocates understand how the FDA uses patient-focused drug development tools and how it engages patients, including those with rare dis-eases, such as Duchenne, as it reviews drugs and therapies. Last month this bipartisan bill unanimously passed the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, bringing us one step closer to ensuring strong patient engagement throughout the FDA re-view process. At an FDA meeting on Monday, there was one example of patient involve-ment in the drug approval process. It was a meeting that broke records. Ac-cording to advocates, it was the largest gathering of Duchenne families in his-tory. More than 900 members of their community were there. In fact, turnout was so large the FDA changed the meeting location to accommodate ev-eryone. Many stories were shared during the daylong meeting—stories of hope, sto-ries of progress. Even seemingly small improvements—such as the ability to open a bottle of water on their own or lift their arm a little higher—make a huge difference in the quality of these boys’ lives. These small victories have a ripple effect across a lifetime. Monday’s historic event shows the strength of the Duchenne community, the passion of the families, and the hope that treatments are on the hori-zon. This particular treatment was not approved that day, but we continue to hold hope that change will be on the horizon. The fight against muscular dys-trophy will not be won overnight, but we have already seen incredible progress in the last few years. I am confident that by working together— by bringing families to the table with policymakers and health care experts— we can accomplish some truly remark-able things. One of the reasons Senator WICKER  and I fought so hard to have the FDA officials listen directly to the families is that when you know your child has a disease that is 100 percent fatal, you might take different risks. You might see different improvements in a dif-ferent way than a medical professional who does not have this experience. We hope going forward this kind of experi-ence and testimony and information will make for better decisions by the FDA. We need to continue to ensure the FDA has the tools and flexibility it needs to increase the number of safe, effective, and affordable treatments that are available for people with rare diseases. I also thank Senator H
ATCH , who has done a lot of work with me on the rare disease issue, and we will con-tinue to push for cures for people who have so little hope. I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VETERANS FIRST ACT Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, this morning at 11 a.m., a big event hap-pened in Washington, DC, on the third floor of this building when all members of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Republican and Democrat alike, intro-duced what we call the Veterans First Act—a comprehensive overhaul of the Veterans’ Administration to bring about accountability in services to our veterans by the Veterans’ Administra-tion. Every member of the committee, Republican and Democrat alike, came to that press conference. I want to start by thanking Senator R
ICHARD BLUMENTHAL of Connecticut, who is my ranking member on the committee, for his efforts and his work over the last 10 months to help make this a reality, and each and every member of the committee for the work they did. In the end, we adopted 148 provisions of the Senate to amend, re-construct, and hold accountable the Veterans’ Administration. I don’t know about the Presiding Of-ficer, but every morning when I wake up in Washington, DC, and turn on the TV, whether it is CNN, FOX, or a local station, one of the lead stories is about a tragedy in the Veterans’ Administra-tion. This morning, in preparing for this press conference I didn’t turn on the TV until after I read my notes. After I read my notes, I turned on the TV, and what, to my dismay, did I see? In Chicago, IL, at the Veterans’ Ad-ministration hospital, they found cock-roaches in the food of our veterans. What kind of accountability is that in the Veterans’ Administration? For our veterans to be fed food with vermin in it is ridiculous and crazy. We all know what happened in Ari-zona a few years ago when appoint-ments were manipulated, so veterans missed their appointments, and three veterans died. We know what happened in Atlanta, where we had an outbreak of suicide by people who couldn’t get to mental health services in time. We know what happened when cost over-runs went awry in Denver, CO. When the costs of the hospital got out of line, the Veterans’ Administration didn’t know how to control it. Every time we turn around, there is no accountability in the Veterans’ Ad-ministration, so our committee decided it is our job to see to it that our vet-erans get what they deserve and what they fought for for us; that is, a Vet-erans’ Administration that delivers on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.042 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2530 April 28, 2016 
the promise of good health care, good benefits, and the appreciation of a grateful country for the sacrifice each of them made. To begin with, we want to make sure the Secretary of the VA can fire some-body and make it stick. A few months ago, the Merit Systems Protection Board overruled the firing of two Philadelphia employees of the Vet-erans’ Administration and reinstated them with pay with no reason except they didn’t like the way in which they were fired. If we go around the country, we find out that the Veterans’ Administra-tion’s best way to discipline somebody is to move them from one city to an-other, from one hospital to another, or from one location to another. Moving problems around doesn’t solve prob-lems. They just give the problem to somebody else. It is time that if some-body deserves to be fired for their lack of performance or their poor perform-ance, we put our veterans first and make sure they are getting the atten-tion they should get. If somebody is not willing to do their job or cannot do their job, then they are terminated. We don’t want to go through and take the rank-and-file, good employees of the Veterans’ Administration and tell them ‘‘We don’t like you, we don’t appreciate you, and we don’t trust you,’’ but we want to tell those who don’t want to be held accountable, those who are not doing their job, that we are watching. We are going to encourage whistle-blowers to tell us where the problems are. We created an independent office in this act for whistleblower status within the VA, so the VA itself is solic-iting input within its own organization to point out those who may not be doing a good job. We need the VA to have a culture of support for our vet-erans, not a corruption of our veterans. It is critical that we do that. We took a lot of other issues that have been big problems in the United States of America for our veterans and we addressed them. Opioids. We have a major section on opioids to try to get medicines to our veterans that counteract the addiction of opioids and don’t treat pain with opioids but instead treat it with the appropriate type of medicine. We did a great job in terms of care-givers. I don’t know about the Pre-siding Officer, but I am a Vietnam-era guy. I remember Vietnam. I remember the sacrifice of our troops there and the 58,000 men whom we lost in Viet-nam. A lot of our Vietnam veterans came home with multiple disabilities. In fact, 22,000 of them are living with disabilities today, but they have never been covered by caregivers. Our post-9/ 11 veterans have been covered by care-givers but not our Vietnam-era or Gre-nada veterans or our Panama veterans. This bill makes them eligible as well, so a family member—a loved one who is giving care at home to a veteran who fought and was injured for our coun-try—can get the same type of stipend and benefit that someone who has fought in Iraq or Afghanistan gets. It is only fair to see to it that they get the same benefit and the same treatment. It is also only fair to see to it that Secretary McDonald himself can be held accountable. Bob McDonald is a good Secretary. He has done a good job. He has tried his best, but he hasn’t had the tools he needs. Well, we want to give him those tools. We want to give him the chance to have discipline. We want to give him the chance to find the people he needs to put in place. One of the provisions in this bill allows the Secretary to hire physicians, directors, and hospital administrators who are capable of doing the job and pay them what the market will bear. Why not have good people who can do the job rather than temporary people who don’t want to do the job? Right now in the Veterans’ Administration, fully a third of its leadership is temporary, not permanent. We need a permanent commitment to our veterans that they are going to get the services they de-serve and the services they need. I could go on and on about this legis-lation, but the important thing to un-derstand is that we are finally putting our veterans first. We are telling the Veterans’ Administration: We appre-ciate the good job you do, but we want to make sure it is 100 percent of the time, not just 85 or 90 or 95 percent of the time. We want to make sure they are put-ting our veterans first. We want to make sure that somebody who makes a mental health call to a veterans hos-pital doesn’t get a busy signal or a wrong number. We want to make sure that when somebody makes an appoint-ment and then shows up, there is some-body there to meet them for that ap-pointment. We want to make sure that the services veterans earned, fought for, and in many cases sacrificed for, are available to them. I thank the members of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I thank this Senate in advance for what I am sure it will do later this year: put our veterans first. When we return from our break next week, I am going to do everything I can to get this bill before the Senate before Memorial Day, to see to it that we get it to the House of Representa-tives so we can conference. The House has passed their bill. They have passed a good bill, and we have passed a good bill. We need to find common ground to put those two together because one thing is for sure: What has happened in the VA for the last few years is inex-cusable and indefensible, and I, for one, am not going to be a chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee who did not try to make it right. I am going to use every strength that I have, every power that I have, and every ability that I have to bring people together to say: We owe our veterans everything. The Presiding Officer wouldn’t have his job, I wouldn’t have mine, and our families wouldn’t live in peace and se-curity today in this country had mil-lions of Americans not volunteered to fight and risk their lives so that we could be free, so that I could speak freely on the floor of the Senate about what I believe and the Presiding Offi-cer could speak freely about what he believes and we could go home and as-semble and gather together. All of those are guaranteed by our Constitu-tion—a document which is preserved and memorialized not by the paper it is written on but by the veterans who sacrificed and risked their lives to see to it that it was preserved. I am very proud to be chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I am proud to have served with R
ICHARD  B
LUMENTHAL as ranking member and all the members of the committee whose contributions to this legislation have made it a great piece of legisla-tion—one that we should pass. I hope we do so before Memorial Day, so on the day we honor those who have fought for us and sacrificed, we send them the signal: We have got your back and we are putting you first. We are putting America’s veterans first. I want to pause for a second at the end of my remarks and thank some people for all the efforts they have made over the past 10 months to make this a reality. As the Presiding Officer knows, legislation doesn’t just happen. We Senators make a lot of speeches. We are full of a lot of hot air. But the hard work that goes on is done in the back rooms of the Capitol, in the com-mittees, by the people who do the re-search to find the pay-fors, to make the decisions that have to be made to see to it that a piece of legislation works and is not just a hollow promise. I thank Tom Bowman, my chief of staff on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, for the work he has done. I thank Amanda Meredith, Maureen O’Neill, Adam Reece, David Shearman, Gretchen Blum, Jillian Workman, Les-lie Campbell, Lauren Gaydos, Tucker Zrebiec, Tommy Reynolds, and Chris Bennett. I thank the members of my staff: Jay Sulzmann, my chief of staff Joan Kirchner, Ryan Evans, and Aman-da Maddox. I also thank everybody on R
ICHARD BLUMENTHAL ’s staff for all the contributions they made to make this happen. Today we opened up a new day for the Veterans’ Administration in Amer-ica and a new day for America’s vet-erans. We put America’s veterans first today, and we are going to keep them first. They put us first when they sac-rificed for us; it is time we did the same for them. I urge each Member of the Senate during this break to get the informa-tion we send to your offices about the Veterans First Act, read and study it, and then come back and let’s pass a bill that tells our veterans: We love you. We appreciate you. And never again will you have an appointment broken or not receive the services you need from the Veterans’ Administra-tion of the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.045 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2531 April 28, 2016 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH Mr. COATS. Mr. President, today’s announcement by the Bureau of Eco-nomic Analysis that our economy grew, once again, an anemic rate of 0.5 percent during the first quarter of the year is more than discouraging but not surprising. Whether it is burdensome regulations, whether it is a broken Tax Code, or whether it is a continued plunge into national debt, the Obama administration’s policies have been and will continue to be a deadweight on our economy. The President continues to make big promises and insists his policies are ef-fective, but the facts speak for them-selves. Under President Obama, the median household income has de-creased during his presidency and re-mains 6.5 percent below its prereces-sion level. If this were an average post- 1960s recovery, individuals would have nearly $2,700 more in their wallets. In-stead, they have received a decrease of $3,000 per year in their income. This is unacceptable. While the President continues to say the economy is improving, it is clearly not reaching its potential or anywhere close to its potential. At some point, you have to acknowledge the policies aren’t working. Here we are 8 years from the beginning of the recession, and the president in the White House insists that his policies are working: Hang in there with us, folks. Things are going to get better. Then these statistics come out that things are not only not getting better, but are getting worse. We are not only not moving closer to the average level of recovery after a major recession, but we are moving further and further away from it. Our current annual growth rate in this recovery is less than 2 percent. In 2016, with this quarter’s report, we are off to a very weak start. But if this were an average recovery, we would be seeing an annual growth rate of some-where around 3
1⁄2to 4 percent. I served previously in Congress in the Reagan years, and the growth rate dur-ing the Reagan recovery was 4.5 per-cent, which is well more than double what it is today. I have seen firsthand how pro-growth policies turn a dismal economic situation around, but I haven’t seen it here in Washington under President Obama. Where I have seen it is in my home State of Indiana. In 2005, under the policies of a Demo-cratic administration, which clearly weren’t working, Indiana faced a $200 million deficit, and our State had not balanced its budget for 7 years, even though the State constitution requires that we do that. Under the leadership of former Indi-ana Governor Mitch Daniels and cur-rent Governor Mike Pence, Indiana has reduced spending, cut taxes, and paid off its debt. As a result, instead of a $200 million deficit, we have a $2 billion surplus today. We enjoy a triple-A credit rating from all the credit rating agencies, and we have been listed in index after index as the State to go live thanks to our low taxes and because we are business friendly, family friendly, and tax friendly. The contrast between this body and the State that I represent is dramatic because of the differences in our poli-cies. By the numbers and indexes, it is clear that this Federal economy under the policies of this administration is simply not making any progress. I think we see that playing out in the upcoming election for the next Presi-dent. It has become a major campaign issue, and we hear both parties talking about it. Over the past 2 years, in Indiana, pri-vate employment has grown by nearly 130,000 jobs, reflecting the results and success of Indiana’s pro-growth policy. Employers are taking notice of our healthy business climate and coming into the State to establish new busi-nesses. I think the resurgence of growth is proof that sound economic policy works. I have seen how it works in Indiana, and I am simply not willing to accept the stagnant rate of growth here with-out trying to do something about it. I don’t think anything is going to change since there is no indication from the White House or even from our colleagues across the aisle here that they are willing to at least debate this issue and put the policies that bring about economic growth into place. In order to boost economic growth, we need to reverse the failed policies of this administration by overhauling our Tax Code, strip away unnecessary gov-ernment regulations, give employers the certainty they need in order to grow their businesses and create jobs, follow the lead of States like Indiana, Ohio, and others that have turned their economies around and bring the pros-perity to the people of those States. Congress can take action to encour-age our economy to grow, but we need a partner in the White House willing to cut the redtape, willing to enact pro- growth reforms and put in place a real plan to reduce the debt. I hope I don’t have to come down here to discuss another quarter of ane-mic rate of growth. The American peo-ple simply pay the bills, pay the mort-gage, send the kids to college, and put aside money for the future. That is not happening, and it needs to change. Hopefully, we can take a lesson from what we have learned on these quar-terly reports—that the policies in place are simply not doing the job. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I am glad to see that my good friend from Indiana was on the floor talking about an important issue that the adminis-tration certainly won’t talk about. To be honest, not many Members of this body talk about it nearly enough. As my colleague from Indiana mentioned this morning, the U.S. Commerce De-partment came out with some big news. They said that the U.S. economy grew at 0.5 percent GDP growth the first quarter of 2016. That is one-half of 1 percent. That is a horrible number. I am going to make a prediction. I don’t think anybody in the media, if they are still up there, is going to talk about this issue. Nobody talks about this issue. In the old days, it didn’t matter if there was a Republican or a Democratic administration. If the U.S. economy was growing at 0.5 percent GDP—which essentially means it is not growing but has instead stopped—then almost certainly the Secretary of the Treasury would come out and say: Don’t worry, America. We have this; we have a plan. We know that 0.5 percent GDP growth is horrible for everybody, espe-cially working-class families. At the very least the Secretary of Commerce would have come out and said: We know you are hurting, America, but don’t worry. We have a plan. In pre-vious administrations, that is what would have happened, and it wouldn’t matter if the President was a Demo-crat or a Republican. But I don’t think we heard a peep out of this administration this morning. We have not heard from the President, the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Commerce Secretary. Nobody came out and spoke, and don’t count on it. I don’t think they will be talking about this number. They even seem to be sat-isfied with this number—0.5 percent GDP growth. They certainly don’t want the American people talking about it because this is not a good number. This is a really important issue for our country. This is an important issue for every single American, and yet we have an administration that doesn’t want to talk about this issue because it is a big problem for them. It is a big problem for all of us. We can’t grow the U.S. economy. Some of my colleagues have come down to the Senate floor often to talk about what they view as moral impera-tives. I respect everybody in this body, but there is a lot of talk about moral imperatives and nobody talks about this issue as a moral imperative. In my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.046 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2532 April 28, 2016 
view, growing the economy and pro-viding opportunities for Americans has to be the No. 1 moral imperative of this body and of the Federal Government. We should be talking about it, but we are not, and one of the reasons we are not talking about it is because there is no doubt that the Federal Govern-ment—the Obama administration—is failing the American people in this re-gard by any serious measure. This is not a debatable topic. The Obama administration’s record on economic growth has been one of the worst in U.S. history. Let’s take a look at this chart. Is it any wonder why the President or Secretary of the Treasury didn’t come out and talk about these numbers this morning? The numbers are abysmal, and they are their numbers. Remarkably, when the President does talk about the econ-omy, he has taken to bragging about the U.S. economy because we are doing better than Europe. Look at the press. When the President talks about the economy, he talks about how we are doing better than Europe. After today’s news, he won’t even be able to brag about that because 0.5 percent GDP growth is not better than Europe. If the President is actually comparing his record to another country, he needs to remember that the only country that matters is America. That is the only measure he should be looking at—not Europe, not Japan, and not Brazil. He should be looking at our country. How has he done historically relative to every other President—Democrat or Republican? If we take a look at this chart, we can see the answer. These are facts. We are not debating anything. These are just the numbers. Real GDP growth, as I mentioned, is 0.5 percent growth this quarter. But if you look at some history here, from 1790 to 2014, the average real GDP growth for the United States has averaged about 3.7 percent. That includes Democrats and Republicans over 200-plus years. That is what made us great. Historically, we have had almost 4 percent GDP growth. That is what made the United States great. I keep talking about GDP growth, but in essence, gross domestic product is an indicator of the economic health of our economy and how it is growing. It is an indicator that measures the op-portunities that exist in the United States. Like I said, we had almost 4 percent growth throughout American history. The President’s numbers in the last 7
1⁄2 years: 1.36 percent GDP growth. Here we see it on the chart. This is Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush 41, Clinton, Bush 43, and Presi-dent Obama. The red line is important. That is 3 percent GDP growth. That is consid-ered pretty good—not great but pretty good. Take a look. President Obama has never hit that. He has never actu-ally hit that in one quarter, ever. By any measure, these numbers are abys-mal. So what are we looking at? The Obama era has been a lost decade of growth. Again, compared to any other period, even the Great Depression pe-riod, these numbers represent lost op-portunity, stagnant wages, and middle- class families struggling. Yet the ad-ministration never talks about it. If we can’t grow our economy, who is hurt the most? It is the most vulner-able. It is the working poor. It is the elderly. It is the young people. It is our pages right here who want a positive future. These are the people who are hurt. Yet if we grow our economy—if we got to Reagan levels or Clinton lev-els or Johnson levels of 4, 4.5, 6—we could take care of so many of the chal-lenges our country faces. So what has happened is—and we know the media certainly helps the ad-ministration deal with this—we don’t talk about it. The President might compare our economy to Europe. That is pretty weak. Instead, we define the problem down. Many people may have heard this term, ‘‘the new normal.’’ That is a term they are now using in Washington, ‘‘the new normal.’’ So what does that mean? It means we can’t grow at 3 percent anymore. Look at the chart. We have never hit 3 per-cent, ever. So let’s just define it now. We are not going to shoot for tradi-tional levels of robust American growth like 4 percent. Again, the his-toric average is 3.7 percent, for 200 years, Democrats and Republicans. We are just going to say: Well, it is a new time in the history of our country— secular stagnation. This is the new normal. If Americans believe this or accept this or our young people do, we are in big trouble. So we talk about the new normal or we are silent, like what happened today. No one came out—not one per-son from the Obama administration ex-plained how we are going to get out of this rut. They are silent because there is no way to sell 0.5 percent GDP growth—to anybody. The American people are smart, and they know they are being sold a clunker. The economy is a clunker right now, and it has been one for almost 8 years. Again, it is important to understand just how bad this record is, in terms of U.S. history. Let me give a few more statistics. In 85 years, for which the Bureau of Economic Analysis has cal-culated the annual change in real GDP, there is only one 10-year stretch, and it is right here—the entire Obama admin-istration—when the annual GDP growth never hit 3 percent. Even dur-ing the Great Depression, it was only a 4-year stretch. So 10 years, starting with the Bush-era recession. The Presi-dent talks about the recession, but that was almost 8 years ago. We need to get over that and grow this econ-omy. During the last 10 years, real annual growth of GDP peaked in 2006 at 2.7 percent. It has never been that high again. In the 25 quarters since the re-cession ended, real GDP growth has to-taled just 14.3 percent. So that is what we grew our economy by—the total growth of our economy. In comparison, other recoveries—again, Democrat, Re-publican—since 1960, that lasted much more than a year, real GDP growth for the whole economy grew on average of 27 percent. So we have 14 percent Obama, 27 percent over the comparable period for the average—Kennedy, John-son, Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan. If real GDP growth in the Obama years had grown at that average, our GDP would be $1.8 trillion higher. Think about that—$1.8 trillion, almost $2 tril-lion higher. Think about what families could do with that kind of money if we divided that by American families. In the Reagan recovery, real GDP growth grew a total of 34 percent. The economy expanded by 34 percent. So, again, Obama, 14 percent; average, 27 percent; Reagan, 34 percent. He grew it at an average rate, and the economy grew at about 4.8 percent, so almost 5 percent GDP growth. Look at the com-parison here. If the 8 years of President Obama grew at the rate that President Reagan’s recovery took place, we would be seeing almost $3 trillion more in terms of the size of our economy, higher annual aftertax income of al-most $5,000 per American, and of course millions and millions of more jobs. The President talks about the unem-ployment rate going down, but what he doesn’t talk about is the reason it is going down is because people are leav-ing the workforce. We have the highest rate since the mid-1970s of workforce participation. Why? Because we are not growing the economy. I know I am throwing a lot of num-bers out, but what this chart reveals is something much more important than numbers. This chart goes to what the American dream is all about; that is, progress. That is progress. When you are an American, you expect progress. You expect growth. You don’t expect this. This is not progress. We are hear-ing it and we are seeing it. The American dream was founded on progress. There is opportunity. You have the opportunity to take advan-tage and move up the ladder. A recent poll came out and said 13 percent of Americans—13 percent— think their kids are going to have a better economic future than they had. That is the death of the American dream, and this chart explains why. The young people right here, through hard work—only 13 percent of Ameri-cans think you are going to have a bet-ter future than we had. That is the essence of the American dream. We all used to think our kids would have a better future. Now 13 per-cent do. It shows that people are losing faith in the American dream because of these numbers. It gets worse in terms of the unequal growth. I was talking about 1.36 per-cent is the average growth rate for the Obama administration. In actuality, about 20 percent of the population in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.052 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2533 April 28, 2016 
regions of the country—mostly on the east and west coasts—are doing pretty good. Twenty percent are growing at about 5 percent GDP growth. Eighty percent of America—the rest of the country—is not growing at all—zero growth. I believe this is a surrender. I believe this body is not talking about it enough. The White House wants to ig-nore it. It is a surrender of America’s greatness. It is a surrender of our fu-ture. It is a surrender of our kids’ fu-ture. We need to do something about it. If we stay at these levels of growth, issues like infrastructure, issues like military spending, issues like social spending, even social cohesion are going to be much harder to address, but if we grow—back to traditional lev-els of American growth—the future is going to be bright again like it has been for 200-plus years in the United States. We don’t have to continue down this path. We can make decisions in this body—the right decisions—in order to right this sinking ship of an economy, but the first step is to admit we have a problem. The first step is to recognize we have a big problem. The President and his Cabinet will not do this. As a matter of fact, there was a recent New York Times article where the President was talking about how this is actually pretty good growth—again, dumbing down expecta-tions, the new normal. Did they say anything today? No. But the American people know we have a huge problem. We see it reflected in polling and our politics with people losing work, stag-nant wages, historic levels of failed businesses. More small businesses are failing now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator has expired. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 more minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, we need to realize that what we are doing here is part of the problem. Look at this chart. We are overregulating every aspect of our economy. What we need to do is start focusing on ways that Washington can be a partner in oppor-tunity, not the center of regulations that focus on small businesses. Let me conclude by saying, although I have highlighted the challenges we have right now and the lack of focus by the administration, this is something all of us in this body—Democrats and Republicans—should be working on to-gether. Nobody wants 1.36 percent GDP growth. Nobody wants 0.5 percent GDP growth. We need leadership now to tackle these challenges and to get America back on track. We have to grow this economy. We have to con-tinue progress. We must do better for our children and restore the American dream, but first we need a White House that recognizes the problem. Unfortu-nately, today we saw that is not the case. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
OVERSEEING OUR FINANCIAL MARKETS Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, 8 years ago, we suffered through the worst fi-nancial crisis in generations. Millions of people lost their homes, their jobs, and their savings. Although the econ-omy has improved under President Obama’s leadership, many of those families are still struggling to recover today. Terrible subprime mortgages were at the heart of this crisis, but Wall Street invented other new financial devices, including exotic derivatives, that piled risks on top of risks in the financial market. The subprime mortgages were like hand grenades, but the derivatives packed them together and magnified the risks, turning them into giant bombs that blew up parts of the econ-omy. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission concluded that derivatives ‘‘contributed significantly’’ to the cri-sis, ‘‘amplifying’’ losses many times over and exposing institutions and in-vestors throughout the system. Do you remember the billions and billions of taxpayer dollars that Con-gress shoveled into AIG as part of the bailout? That was to cover the massive losses from risky derivatives that went south. In response to the crisis and the bail-out, Congress dedicated an entire title of the Dodd-Frank Act to the regula-tion of derivatives. Congress tried to make the derivatives market more transparent so that both investors and regulators could have at least a fight-ing chance to identify the risks and to address them. Congress also tried to re-duce the risk to taxpayers by requiring banks to raise more capital as they in-creased their derivatives exposure and by forcing banks to push out that de-rivatives exposure from their deposi-tory banks—the parts that actually hold checking and savings accounts— and to put them into another entity that doesn’t have access to taxpayer- backed insurance. Over the past few years, the Dodd- Frank approach to derivatives has started to unravel. At the end of 2014, the swaps pushout was repealed. How? Because lobbyists for Citibank literally wrote the amendment and had a friend-ly Congressman slip it into the end-of- the-year spending bill—a bill that had to pass or the government would shut down. With the help of other big banks, including personal phone calls from the CEO of JPMorgan Chase, Jamie Dimon, to his personal friends in Congress, the swaps repeal got rammed through Con-gress. How big was the hole that this Wall Street amendment blew in Dodd- Frank? Well, Congressman E
LIJAH  C
UMMINGS and I spent a year looking into it, and here’s the takeaway: The FDIC now estimates that the repeal al-lows a few big banks to put taxpayers on the hook for risky swaps to the tune of nearly $10 trillion. And who is gob-bling down most of this $10 trillion risk? Three huge banks—Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Bank of Amer-ica—three banks, nearly $10 trillion of risk. These banks will happily suck down the profits when their high-stakes bets work out, and they will just as happily turn to the taxpayers to bail them out if there is a problem—all this because the Wall Street lobbyists persuaded Congress to do just one little favor for them. Meanwhile, last year, the Commod-ities Futures Trading Commission fi-nally issued a rule that it was required to write under Dodd-Frank. The rule was about margin, the amount of money that financial institutions have to put up when they enter into a deriv-ative contract. Essentially, the CFTC rule was about making sure that finan-cial institutions had enough money to pay off their derivative bets if they bet wrong. It is the kind of money that keeps the taxpayers from needing to bail them out. The CFTC rule was exceedingly weak, far weaker than the one they had initially proposed. The changes in the rule came after months of intense lobbying from giant banks that were worried that a stronger margin rule might cut into their profits. As CFTC Commissioner Sharon Bowen wrote in her dissent to the rule: This action today seems to be a return to blindly trusting in large financial institu-tions’ ability and willpower to manage their risks adequately. Are we really willing to make that bet again? 
Well, I know that I am not, and that is why I think the recent Republican bill to weaken the CFTC is so dan-gerous. Rather than strengthening the agency and plugging the gaps in Dodd- Frank that have emerged in the last few years, the bill goes in the opposite direction, weakening or delaying other Dodd-Frank requirements and starving the agency of the resources it needs to oversee a $500 trillion derivatives mar-ket. I applaud Senator S
TABENOW , the ranking Democratic member on the Agriculture Committee, for leading the unanimous Democratic opposition to the bill in Committee. Democrats should not be supporting a bill that weakens financial rules, period. We need strong rules and strong Fed-eral agencies to oversee our financial markets. We learned that lesson the hard way in 2008. While some lobbyists and their friends here in Washington may be trying to forget that lesson, I know that millions of American fami-lies remember it all too well, and they will be watching Congress to see who stands on their side and who stands on the side of the big banks. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.054 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2534 April 28, 2016 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DUCHENNE MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise today as a Senator and, as the Pre-siding Officer is, a doctor. I want to talk about a disease called Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Earlier today Senator R
UBIO was on the floor talking about the disease, and I know earlier today Senator W
ICKER was on the floor talking about the disease. It is a topic that is, as an orthopedic surgeon, very personal to me. I was introduced to Duchenne more than 30 years ago and, as an orthopedic surgery resident, worked at a muscle disease clinic with young people with muscle disease. One of those muscle diseases is called Duchenne. It is a dis-ease that affects young boys. I met pa-tients and I met their families in the fight against this disease. The experi-ence has left a lasting lifelong impres-sion on me, and it is something I con-tinue to work with today. I think the reasons we have gone into medicine are to help people and to make a contribution. One of the rea-sons I chose orthopedic surgery was that I really enjoyed seeing the relief— the care that I gave could help people, causing relief of their symptoms, relief of their pain, relief of problems they were living with from day to day. It is extremely rewarding to be able to work with a patient and tell that patient the surgery you performed was successful, and they are going to get better. They are going to get back to normal. As a doctor, I was able to see pa-tients go on to graduate from college, get married, have children of their own. When I was overseas visiting our troops, I met a young man, a com-mander—a pretty big guy—and he told me I had taken care of his broken leg. I looked at him and didn’t really recog-nize him. I said: When was that? And he said: I was only 8 at the time. We take care of patients and, as we do, we see people through their lives, and it is encouraging to see them go on and strive and get stronger and bigger and more productive. But for patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, that kind of treatment doesn’t exist. It doesn’t exist today with all the break-throughs and research. When I saw patients in the muscle disease clinic who suffered from this condition, I knew the day that I saw them was going to be their best day from there going forward. Many of them had brothers. It is a disease that affects young men. It is a disease that may be coming in their family to chil-dren who had not yet been born. In some families there were several broth-ers in the line who had the disease. As one was diagnosed, then another younger brother was diagnosed a cou-ple of years later with the same disease because this does tend to run in fami-lies. As a doctor, one wants to see some-body get better and stronger every day. Parents want to see their own child going from crawling to walking to run-ning, getting stronger and bigger every day, but patients and families who live with this disease every day know too well the unrelenting force of Duchenne muscular dystrophy. What it does is cause degeneration of muscles and weakness. The vast majority of people with this disease are boys, and they are usually diagnosed between the ages of 3 and 5. Typically, parents start to notice their son isn’t meeting all of the develop-mental milestones they might expect. He might be a late walker, or he may appear less coordinated than other children his age. Most parents aren’t worried; they are just cautious. They may mention it to the pediatrician, and the doctor may run a test or two. Once the diagnosis of Duchenne mus-cular dystrophy is made, patients pret-ty quickly and parents, specifically, very quickly find out that their son doesn’t just have a developmental delay; they learn their son is typically going to lose the ability to walk by the time he is a teenager, graduate to a wheelchair, which then can make that young man prone to conditions like scoliosis, a curvature of the spine often requiring surgery to correct it. As the muscles continue to deteriorate—as they always do with Duchenne—that young man will lose lung function, which puts him at a higher risk of in-fection, pneumonia. Eventually, he will have to use a machine to breathe, to clear his lungs. The muscle deteriora-tion doesn’t just occur to the skeletal muscles—the muscles of the arms and legs—but also can occur to the heart, which is itself a muscle. When a young man with Duchenne muscular dystrophy catches a cold, it can be life threatening. Even when the patients get the best medical care—and so many of them do get the best med-ical care—they usually lose their fight against Duchenne muscular dystrophy by the time they are in their 20s. That is the devastating reality of this dis-ease, and we cannot allow it to con-tinue. Because of my experience with these patients, I have been working for years to actually help raise money for aware-ness for muscle disease and treatment for the disease. I served as a local host in Wyoming for the Muscular Dys-trophy Association’s annual Labor Day telethon. Every year, I was amazed at the dedi-cation and the generosity of people around the country who would call in pledges to pledge centers at the 200 so- called ‘‘love networks’’ in Casper, WY. People would call in. We would always raise over $100,000. People were very committed to finding a cure for muscle disease and to sending young people with the disease to summer camp, where they found a level of freedom and friendship that they did not often find throughout the rest of the year. It was a great time for the young people with the disease. It gave their parents a rest as well. I think many of us in this body re-member Jerry Lewis hosting the Jerry Lewis Labor Day Telethon, as it was called, for more than 40 years. He would always end the telethon by sign-ing a song. The song was ‘‘You’ll Never Walk Alone.’’ So I come to the floor today to make sure that these patients and these families know that today they are not alone. Congress is listen-ing. We heard from Senator R UBIO ear-lier today and we heard from Senator W
ICKER . Those families and those pa-tients know how critically important it is, and we know how critically im-portant it is that we find a cure for this rare disease known as Duchenne mus-cular dystrophy. In 2012, Congress passed the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Inno-vation Act. One of the key parts of this law gives the FDA more flexibility to approve treatments that have the po-tential to help people with rare dis-eases. It also allows the FDA to do fol-lowup studies to confirm the clinical benefits of the treatment. Well, we want to give people real hope. It is not good to give people false hope. We are interested in giving pa-tients and giving families a fighting chance. I believe the FDA needs to use the tools that Congress has given them so patients can come across and get ac-cess to potentially lifesaving drugs. So a couple of weeks ago I signed a letter that was written by Senators Wicker and Klobuchar—a bipartisan letter. It called on the FDA to take full advan-tage of this accelerated approval au-thority. So we also asked the FDA to ensure that the prospective of patients is fully considered in this review process, when it comes down to the regulations. More than 20 Senators signed this letter be-cause we know how important this issue is to patients as well as to their families. Last Friday the Wall Street Journal ran an editorial entitled: ‘‘The FDA vs. Austin Leclaire.’’ This article talked about a young man named Austin Leclaire, 17, who has Duchenne mus-cular dystrophy, and so does his young-er brother Max. As we talked, I men-tioned that this runs in families. Some-times, there is the diagnosis of a son in a family in which there is a younger son who has not yet been diagnosed but likely will have the disease. Well, back in 2011, Max was able to get an experimental drug to treat his disease. Now, Austin was not eligible to get the same drug. Remember, Aus-tin is the older brother. So today Max is 14 and he is still able to walk. He can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.055 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2535 April 28, 2016 
still play sports, and he can still dress himself. For most of us who have had healthy children, these are the things that peo-ple take for granted. So for a family where one of their sons has Duchenne, this kind of small victory can seem like a miracle. I can’t even imagine how hard it must be when a mother has two or three children—two or three sons—with this disease, and especially when one of her children can get access to an experimental drug and the other cannot. The family looks at it. One son is being helped, and the other is not being helped. They can see the difference in their sons. So how would any of us here in the Senate react if we were in that same situation? How much heartbreak should one family have to bear? Those are the challenges for families who live with muscle disease every day. Well, the FDA, I believe, needs to work with patients like Austin and Max. We all know that this agency needs to make sure that treatments are safe and effective. That is not a question. We also know that people at the FDA are caring and careful profes-sionals. The practice of medicine relies on hard science and on following data to understand and to treat illnesses. As a doctor, I know that the practice of medicine requires an equal measure of compassion. I think the FDA needs to take into account the unique needs of this patient population. We talk about double-blind studies, where you give one patient the real treatment and one patient something else, a sugar pill, something else that is not really the real treatment, the real medica-tion. To really evaluate the impact of these medications, sometimes it in-volves doing muscle biopsies and put-ting people though painful tests. I think it is hard for a family living with a child with muscle disease to say: Well, we are going to participate in the experiment. We don’t know. It is a 50– 50 chance if our child is even going to get the real thing. But we still put them through all of these tests that can be painful, as they take muscle bi-opsies. I think it is unrealistic to ask a fam-ily to make that decision. I think we need to make sure that the FDA—and the FDA needs to make sure, in their compassion—doesn’t lose sight of these kids. These young people really don’t have a moment to lose in terms of po-tential treatments. I think the FDA needs to hear the calls of patients and to give these young people, living with a devastating disease, a chance to beat Duchenne muscular dystrophy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
f 
VOTE-BY-MAIL Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise today to warn of a gathering threat to American’s most fundamental con-stitutional right; that is, the right to vote. Fifty-one years ago, President Johnson urged the Congress to pass the Voting Rights Act. In the face of im-placable opposition from Southern States, President Johnson laid out the stakes. He said: Every American must have an equal right to vote. There is no excuse which can excuse the denial of that right. There is no duty which weighs more heavily on us than the duty we have to ensure that right. 
Sadly, half a century after that law began to remove the most offensive ob-stacles to voting, Americans now face new barriers to exercising their funda-mental right to vote. Across our land, there are stories of long lines, inex-plicable purges of voter rolls, and new requirements that make it still harder for our people to vote. There is abso-lutely no excuse for accepting this sorry state of affairs. There is no excuse for citizens in Ari-zona to wait 5 hours to cast their bal-lot. There is no excuse for citizens in Rhode Island to find two out of every three polling places have closed. There is no excuse whatsoever for poor com-munities and minority communities across America to see their polling places shuttered. Seniors and disabled Americans should not have to wait in long lines or struggle to reach polling places in America. Working parents should not have to choose between going to work and going to vote. Voting should not be a test of endurance. It should not be a Kafkaesque experience in defeating bu-reaucracy and wading through redtape. Increasingly, too many voters show up at the polls on election day, only to find that their name—somehow, magi-cally—has gone missing from the voter rolls or their ID does not meet some new, even more burdensome, even more restrictive requirement. There is no excuse for our govern-ment to turn away citizens and to say their vote does not count because of a clerical error or an unjust technicality. These grossly unfair obstacles have sprouted like weeds across our country ever since the Supreme Court over-turned large portions of the Voting Rights Act in 2013. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, just this year, 17 States have passed new laws or rules to make it harder for their citi-zens to vote. Let me repeat that. Seventeen States in America, just this year, have passed new laws, new rules, and new hurdles for our people who want to vote. Thankfully, there is a solution. My home State of Oregon has led the coun-try in making voting more accessible. In Oregon, every voter receives a ballot 2 or 3 weeks before election day. Bal-lots should be arriving in mailboxes across the State over the next few days. Every Oregonian has ample time to research candidates and issues. Rather than waiting in long lines, Oregonians can mail their ballot back or drop it off at ballot collection sites, many of which are open 24/7. Nobody has to take time off from work just to exercise his or her constitutional right. So let me repeat. In our State, we have made this work. Every voter gets a ballot 2 or 3 weeks before an election date. Now, vote-by-mail is not going to stop every State legislature in America from devising new ways to suppress voter turnout. Certainly, some State officials in our country have worked very hard to dream up new ways to limit the franchise. But here is why the Oregon antidote is so important. If there is a problem, our State gives voters more time to fight back. When Americans have 2 or 3 weeks to vote, they will have more time to challenge registration prob-lems. There is more time for citizens to defend their rights. Oregon has been voting by mail since I was first elected to the Senate in 1996, and we went to all vote-by-mail in 2000. Since then, we have had consistently higher voter turnout rates than other parts of the country. We have consist-ently had voter turnout rates that are among the highest in the Nation. Oregon voting rates are especially high among young people and in mid-term elections. As an added benefit— this should appeal to all Senators— studies have shown that it saves money, to boot. So you have a system that voters like, gives them more time to reflect, is more efficient, and saves money, to boot. That is a pretty ap-pealing trifecta, it seems to me, for de-mocracy. So my proposition today is that the rest of the country ought to follow Oregon’s lead, and all Ameri-cans, from one end of the country to another, ought to have the chance to vote by mail. To me, this just is common sense. In fact, over the years, there were ques-tions about who benefited from vote- by-mail? In fact, Oregonians put it on the ballot, because they said that ev-erybody benefits from it. There was support all across the political spec-trum. So today, I rolled out a new pro-posal for a national vote-by-mail. It is built on the Oregon system. The plan is simple. Every voter in a Federal elec-tion will receive a ballot in the mail. The Federal Government, through the Postal Service, would assist States with the cost of mailing ballots to reg-istered voters. States can keep their current polling practices if they wish. But those States that choose a full vote-by-mail system are going to see their election costs drop and drop sig-nificantly. My hope is that this pro-posal ignites a new campaign across the country to make it easier, not harder, for Americans to vote. Vote-by-mail is a first step in fight-ing back against those who would dis-enfranchise their fellow citizens to gain a political edge. For instance, in my view it also ought to be easier for Americans to register to vote. Again, my home State leads the way. Since January, every el-igible voter is automatically registered to vote, eliminating extra trips to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.057 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2536 April 28, 2016 
motor vehicles department or the county clerk’s office. In my view our Governor, Gov. Kate Brown, deserves enormous credit for leading the effort to turn this particular idea, this par-ticular reform, into law. I know many of my colleagues and many voters are cynical about the chances of passing real reforms in this partisan day and age. My view is, vot-ing rights are too important to aban-don the field to special interests who would manipulate our government. That is why I mentioned that in Or-egon there was some initial debate with respect to who might benefit, who might get a little bit of a partisan edge on the other side, and Oregon voters said: Nothing doing. We all think this is in our interests, making it easier to vote, making it easier to correct an error, and cheaper than the alter-natives. This afternoon I urge my colleagues and voters to take advantage of this opportunity to promote real reform, re-form where we have hard evidence that shows it actually works, to make sure every citizen in America who wants to vote has that opportunity. Oregon once again paves the way to making sure there are real solutions to an enormous challenge. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
f 
SENTENCING REFORM AND CORRECTIONS ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, after many months of discussion and debate, today we announced a bipartisan piece of legislation to reform our criminal justice system. I have been in the Senate long enough to realize that even the best ideas that don’t have bipartisan sup-port go nowhere. The good news is, this is an issue that enjoys broad bipartisan support and actually represents the marriage of two distinct parts. The more I think about it, the more it rep-resents a continuum in terms of the way we punish people who violate our criminal laws and how we treat them when they are in prison and how we prepare them—or not—for a life of re-entry into civil society. Even in the polarized political envi-ronment that our country represents today, it is an example of an oppor-tunity to demonstrate that when enough people identify a problem and work together, we can actually come up with viable solutions. In a previous life, I served 13 years as a State district court judge and then as attorney general. I have had an oppor-tunity to witness some of the strengths and weaknesses of our justice system firsthand. Though we made some sig-nificant progress in reducing crime across the country—by the way, that ought to be the litmus test, the crime rate. If the crime rate is going down, to me, it indicates we are doing some-thing right. If the crime rate goes up, that is pretty much a litmus test that we are doing something wrong. The truth is, our criminal justice system has been plagued with ineffi-ciencies, overcrowding, and failures that are ultimately detrimental to public safety. We spend too much of our criminal justice resources locking up low-level, nonviolent offenders and not enough targeting the most dan-gerous and violent criminals. The good news is, a number of States, including Texas, have seen the need and have im-plemented statewide criminal justice reforms with positive results. As I said earlier, the longer I am here, the more things occur to me about how we do business, but the idea that somehow we can initiate reforms at the national level for 320 million people and then cram them down on a big and diverse country like the United States is pretty ludicrous. Actually, the Federal Government is rarely competent to do that sort of thing. We saw this with the health care reforms, which have resulted in prices actually going up and most people dis-satisfied with the health care reforms. If we just tried things out at the local level, and if they were successful, then scale them up, I think we would have a much better chance for success. That is exactly what has happened in the criminal justice area. I know most people think about Texas as a State tough on crime, and that is true, but in the middle of the first decade of this millennium, we saw the need to deal with overcrowding. We saw high recidivism or repeat offend-ers, and we were facing a major budget shortfall. In other words, we tried to keep building prisons to build our way out of the problem. Instead of just spending more money to build more prisons and hoping the problems would go away, the major problem we overlooked before was— which we finally realized—that people in prison at some point will mostly get out of prison. The question is, Do they go back into prison after committing other crimes or can we help those who are willing to accept the help, turn their lives around, and become produc-tive members of society? We opted for a different approach. We traded in our construction plans for plans to help lower-risk offenders turn their lives around and become produc-tive members of society. As I said, that is because most offenders will one day get out of prison. Today Texas has improved and in-creased programs designed to help men and women behind bars take responsi-bility for their crimes and then prepare to reenter society as productive, law- abiding members of the community. I am not naive enough to say this is something we are going to be able to do for 100 percent of the people behind bars. That is just not true. I wish the world was the kind of place where once people made mistakes and ended up be-hind bars, they could transform their lives universally and then enter pro-ductive society. It is not true, but there are many who want to who need our help and can benefit from some of these programs. This includes training that could im-pact a prisoner’s life, somebody with a drug problem, somebody with a mental illness, or somebody who has been drinking, exacerbating their problems. Those sorts of issues can benefit from treatment and from rehabilitation. Those who are educationally inad-equately prepared to enter the work-force, we can help them through work programs and job training. Many of these programs have allowed local communities to get involved as well, by encouraging partnerships in Texas between prisons and faith-based organi-zations and people who believe in rad-ical transformation of people’s lives through their faith. They can focus on helping those prisoners who are willing and wanting to turn their lives around get the training and life skills they need in order to succeed. I will never forget my visit just a few months back to the H.H. Coffield Unit maximum security prison in East Texas, where I saw firsthand how im-portant some of these types of pro-grams are. I went to one section of the prison and was introduced to the shop instructor. He told me some of the in-mates in his shop class came to him unable to read a simple tape measure. I think it is shocking. It was to me. I think it is shocking to most people that anybody can reach adulthood un-able to do something so basic as to read a tape measure, but yet that was an example of the types of people who were in that prison. It is a remarkable example of how much opportunity there is through education to actually help: drug-alco-hol treatment, mental health treat-ment, and to prepare people to reenter civil society. I am pleased Texas—in addition to our well-earned reputation for being tough on crime—is now known as being smart on crime and a good example what we could do nationally. We are not the only State. Other States have done things, too, but the results in Texas are remarkable. Be-tween 2007 and 2012, our overall rate of incarceration fell by 9.4 percent. The crime rate dropped and—as I have said—that is the gold standard. It is not the rate of incarceration. It is not how many people are in prison. It is what is happening to the crime rate. Our crime rate dropped and, not insig-nificantly, we saved more than $2 bil-lion of the taxpayer money. We were able to physically close three prison fa-cilities. That is the first time that has ever happened in our State. We are not the only ones. For exam-ple, Georgia reduced its crime rate by more than 10 percent with similar pro-grams. South Carolina and Ohio re-duced their crime rate by 14 percent. North Carolina and Texas have both re-duced their crime rates by more than 20 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.059 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2537 April 28, 2016 
These reforms make our commu-nities safer, which again is the first ob-jective of criminal justice reform, it is the second objective of criminal justice reform, and it is the third objective of criminal justice reform. Does it make our community safer? The answer, from the evidence, is yes. I think there is no question but that we should consider some of these re-forms at the Federal level. Let’s take State successes and scale them up so the rest of the country can benefit where they are not otherwise already doing this and where we can do this in the Federal prison system and not just in the State system. That is where the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act comes in. This bill includes legislation that I introduced last year that takes this Texas model and builds on it to help restore an im-portant part of our criminal justice system that is too often forgotten; that is, rehabilitation. When I went to law school more years ago than I wish to admit, we were told that the purpose of criminal law was punishment and deterrence, to deter others from committing similar acts. The third was we were told it was rehabilitation. We were going to help people change their lives if they made a mistake. Instead, over time our pris-ons have become warehouses where we just warehouse people and don’t do enough to try to rehabilitate people, those who are willing to take the op-portunity to deal with their problems in a constructive sort of way and turn their lives around. I have introduced legislation, along with Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island. As anybody who follows the Senate knows, we agree on very lit-tle, but we agree on this. We were both former attorneys general. He was a former U.S. attorney, and he has seen a similar experience in his State. So we introduced this portion of the legislation to encourage programs that would help inmates learn valuable skills they can transfer back home to their communities and help them turn from a life of crime. It is important to note that not only does reduced recidi-vism impact an individual life—which is reason enough to do what we can to help—but it also helps that individual’s family because the collateral damage from somebody making a mistake and ending up in prison does not stop with them. It stops with their families, in-cluding their children, and their whole community, but it also makes finan-cial sense too. The Justice Department spends around 30 percent of its budget detain-ing Federal inmates. By reinvesting more of this money in recidivism re-duction programs instead of building more Federal prisons, we have an op-portunity to save tax dollars and plow more of the money back where it can have the best impact. Inmates can be rehabilitated, neighborhoods can be made safer, and tax dollars can be bet-ter put to use. We have also made other changes in the legislation that represent the give- and-take that usually happens in the Senate. Legislating is a consensus- building process, and that is a good thing. Initially, when the corrections act was introduced, there was a sepa-rate piece of legislation called the Smarter Sentencing Act, which focused on, as the name would suggest, sen-tencing with a goal to reduce some of the mandatory minimum sentences which were a part of the 1990s effort to get tougher on crime. This is where we have actually benefited a lot from the input from those who initially were unpersuaded about the merits of that part of the legislation. For example, we have categorically taken out, removed, any benefit of the Smarter Sentencing Act provisions for somebody who has committed a serious crime, as defined by Federal law. So somebody who is a violent offender, somebody who has committed a serious crime, cannot benefit from the Smart-er Sentencing Act. There is an area where I am afraid there is some misunderstanding by some folks, and some people are ac-tively spreading disinformation, sug-gesting that as a result of the Smarter Sentencing Act provisions, there is a get-out-of-jail-free card; that we are automatically going to come in and cut prison sentences for people to get out on the street. That is just not true. They need to take another look at the legislation. Under some circumstances, and only if you are a low-level, nonviolent of-fender, you can ask the court—the court in which you were actually con-victed and before the judge who actu-ally dispensed the sentence and before the prosecutor who actually put you in prison—for a reduction retroactively of long-term mandatory minimum sen-tences. For example, under some cir-cumstances, back in the days of three strikes and you are out, you could get a life sentence for three relatively minor offenses. Now, where appro-priate, the judge could say: Well, we are going to reduce that to 25 years. That is still a long time, particularly if you are talking about three relatively minor offenses. There is one other ex-ample where a 20-year mandatory min-imum sentence could be reduced to 15 years. So if you haven’t served 15 years, you are certainly not going to get out of prison. But the whole point is that this is a negotiated piece of legislation for which we tried to garner as much sup-port as we could, and I am pleased to announce today that we have five new cosponsors of this legislation. I believe there are now 37 Senators on a bipar-tisan basis who support this legislation as cosponsors. Earlier this week, we got a very im-portant endorsement from an organiza-tion for which I have tremendous re-spect. This is the largest organization of prosecutors in America. It is the Na-tional District Attorneys Association. They represent about 1,500 district at-torneys and 30,000 assistant district at-torneys across the country. They have endorsed this legislation. Yesterday, at the Republican lunch and conference, we had people such as former Attorney General Michael Mukasey, who served 20 years on the Federal bench in New York, talk about how he thought this was a well-bal-anced and worthwhile piece of legisla-tion. The bottom line is that we need to make sure that violent offenders and hardened criminals stay in prison and away from our communities. I am talk-ing about the people who will not take advantage of the opportunity to turn their lives around, the people who must be separated from society because they have made a decision to pursue a life of crime. At the same time, while we have fo-cused on the hardened criminals and the most violent, we have to address our expanding prison system that too often perpetuates a life of crime. When I was a younger lawyer, I was told that often our prison system is an organiza-tion of higher education in crime be-cause, of course, that is who is there— people who have committed crimes. And people who have committed rather low-level, nonviolent offenses, particu-larly when they are housed with people who have chosen a more violent life of crime, can suffer terrible detrimental impacts. The idea is to focus on the hardened criminals, the violent criminals, and take a look at the low-level, non-violent offenders and see if some will take advantage of the opportunity to turn their lives around. Local commu-nities in conservative States—red States such as Texas, Georgia, and North Carolina—have already proven it is possible to do both. After months of discussion, I am confident we can bring this success to the rest of the country with this legislation. Like every piece of legislation, though, we know there is an arduous path forward. While this bill was voted out of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, it still needs to come to the floor of the Senate, where all 100 Sen-ators will have an opportunity to help improve that product. And then there is the House of Representatives. Ear-lier today, Senator G
RASSLEY , chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, and I met with Congressman B
OBGOODLATTE , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, about our ideas together and how we can move this leg-islation forward. And I know the Presi-dent is anxious to sign a criminal jus-tice reform bill. This could actually be a good bipartisan accomplishment of the 114th Congress. I appreciate the bipartisan effort on all sides to work constructively toward a bill that can win broad bipartisan support. For those who don’t like parts of the bill, bring your ideas to us. That is the way this process is supposed to work. Let’s make it better. Let’s build bipartisan support and consensus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.060 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2538 April 28, 2016 
Let me just say in closing that I par-ticularly want to thank the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Chairman G
RASSLEY , for his steward-ship of this legislation through the process. As an experienced Member of the Senate, somebody who has been at this a while, he knows better than most how to shepherd legislation—par-ticularly potentially controversial leg-islation—through this process. He has been masterful in bringing us this far. I think we owe it to our constituents and to the country to take the lessons we have learned at the State and local level and bring those to benefit the rest of the country. Let’s make our crimi-nal justice system, as the name sug-gests, more just and at the same time more effective. And let’s save tax-payers a buck or two in the process. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. 
f 
CENTRAL STATES PENSION FUND Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, across the United States, hundreds of thousands of workers and retirees are scared. They are scared for the future, they are scared for their families, and they are scared for themselves. These workers and retirees did everything right. They played by the rules. They worked for years, if not decades, often in labor-intensive jobs, and they re-sponsibly planned for the future by putting money into their pensions, only to have their retirement security ripped away. This is a story happening across North Dakota and across America. Harsh and senseless proposed cuts to Central States Pension Fund—a multi-employer pension fund—could rip away the retirement of workers and retirees in the trucking, UPS package and de-livery, and grocery supply industries. These cuts could impact more than 2,000 North Dakota families and 400,000 retirees across the country who could see their pensions slashed up to 60 per-cent. Many of these workers have been forced to retire because of decades of lifting packages over 100 pounds every day. These jobs took hard tolls on their bodies, but they were able to earn a liv-ing, support their families, and put food on the table each night. They knew that because they were saving for retirement through their pensions, they would be taken care of in later years, they would be able to enjoy their later years hunting and fishing with their grandchildren, and they would be able to enjoy their later years by taking care of their family and their loved ones. Unfortunately, that secu-rity is evaporating. I recently met with Teamsters and union workers and retirees in Bismark and Fargo. Quite honestly, their sto-ries were heartbreaking. They couldn’t understand how, if they did everything right, their retirement could be taken away from them. They can’t live in a country that just enables these work-ers and retirees to be left behind. They can’t understand who was fighting for them. They and we must stand up and say: This is wrong. We must stand up for hard work, and we must protect their pensions and make sure all North Da-kotans have a secure retirement. I want to tell just a few of their sto-ries today. I will start with Dennis Gainsforth from Jamestown. He worked for UPS for 31 years. He needs surgery on one of his knees because of working decades as a night mechanic. Dennis is also helping financially take care of his son, who had a stroke, and his wife, who needs back surgery. Under the proposed cuts, his pension would be slashed by 50 percent. As a re-sult, Dennis, who is 72 years old, is now back at work driving a public bus in Jamestown. Tina Kramer from Mandan was a member of the Teamsters. She worked as a secretary for the local union for 25 years, throughout which time she earned a pension. Her husband was a member of the steelworkers union and worked for Bobcat for about 30 years as a forklift driver. He also earned a pen-sion. Several years ago, both of them retired, and soon after, Tina’s husband suddenly passed away. Tina lost her husband’s pension and now has to rely solely on her pension. Under these pro-posed cuts, Tina’s pension would be cut by almost 60 percent. Tina has just a little bit of savings, which she has al-ready had to dip into every month to pay her bills and for groceries and to pay her property taxes. Under the pro-posed pension cuts, it could only get worse for Tina. Bob Berg, from just north of Fargo, worked at UPS for over 30 years deliv-ering packages, many of which could weigh up to 150 pounds. Because of the hard labor of his job, he had surgery on both knees, his hands, five hernia oper-ations, and back problems, forcing him into early retirement. Now his medical bills are skyrocketing. He receives $2,200 a month under the pension plan, but with the cuts, he would receive just $1,150, which is a 50-percent reduction. Mark Rothschiller from Mandan worked as a UPS driver for 28 years de-livering packages to rural communities in North Dakota. Because of the inten-sity of his job, he had five back sur-geries and two rotator cuff surgeries. After the last surgery, Mark’s doctor told him to stop working or he might lose his ability to walk. He now walks with a cane. He relies on his pension— the pension that he earned—to help pay his medical bills. Under the pro-posed cuts, Mark’s pension would be cut by more than 50 percent. You hear these stories about men and women who worked hard all their lives and who did the right thing. They bar-gained for a pension because they knew the work they did was not work you could do your entire life, and they knew they wanted time in retirement to enjoy their golden years. Yet, today, the benefit they earned and that secu-rity is threatened. I had a man approach me after one of the meetings where I asked people to tell me what the impacts were from the cuts, and many were able to give public testimonials. This man came up to me afterward, and I won’t use his name be-cause quite privately he wanted to tell me that he was going to lose his house, that he was going to lose all the secu-rity he had in the world, and that he was a grandfather helping to take care of his grandchildren because his daugh-ter couldn’t afford daycare. These pension cuts don’t affect just the worker, they affect the worker’s family, they affect the extended fam-ily, and, quite honestly, they affect our communities. But more than that, they affect our general sense of security, our general sense that you ought to be able to rely on the goodness of your hard work and on the rewards of your hard work. Today, all of that is being threatened. Some might say: Well, that is just the way it is. Pension funds are in trouble. I want everyone to remember that many of these workers were basically prevented from managing their pension fund. In fact, the Federal Government took it away, took that pension fund away and gave it to private investment firms that squandered and wasted the principal. These workers wonder why in the world, in a country where we would bail out Wall Street bankers who made bad decisions, they never get lis-tened to. We cannot let this happen. I have been pressing Treasury Secretary Lew about this issue, and I recently met with Ken Feinberg, the Treasury offi-cial overseeing the reconstruction of this pension fund. We have to reinforce this point. We had a good conversation, and I hope the Treasury Department does the right thing by rejecting this devastating proposal and seeking a fairer option. We can and must find a solution that doesn’t jeopardize retire-ment security or present long-term in-solvency issues to the Central States Pension Fund. This deal has threatened the liveli-hood of so many of my fellow North Dakotans, people who work hard for a living, the kind of people we brag about on floor of the Senate, whom we are here to represent—the hard-working, good Americas who build our country. Yet when this happens, they wonder who is listening to them. Who do we really represent here? This deal has to be rejected. We have to create an opportunity that enables all North Dakotan and American fami-lies to have the secure retirement they have earned. Dennis, Tina, Bob, Mark, and so many other North Dakotans whom I have met deserve as much. They deserve the same kind of consid-eration and interest that we gave to AIG and all of the organizations we bailed out during the 2008 crisis at a time when we saw record bonuses for Wall Street executives. We wonder all the time why people are mad. We don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.061 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2539 April 28, 2016 
need to look any further than this ex-ample to know that sometimes the pri-orities are just plain wrong. I urge all of my colleagues to become aware of this problem, to become in-vested in this problem, and to work with us to solve this problem. The first and most significant and important step we can take is to urge the Depart-ment of Treasury to reject the current plan and take this back to the drawing board. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
f 
ACCOUNTABILITY OF CONGRESS Mr. LEE. Mr. President, of the words the American people frequently use to describe Congress today—at least one of the words that is appropriate to re-peat on the Senate floor—one of the most common and accurate is ‘‘unac-countable.’’ Year after year, hard-working men and women across this great country bristle under dysfunctional, costly, and burdensome laws made right here in Washington, DC, and day after day, many of them do what Americans have always done when faced with an out-of- touch government. They contact their elected lawmakers to voice their con-cerns about those laws and to push for change of those laws and the process by which they are made. Ask anyone who has ever called, written, or emailed their Member of Congress what happens next. It is con-sistent. It is predictable. Blame is shifted; fingers are pointed; scapegoats of every variety imaginable are brought forth to defend those who are charged with making the laws from the consequences of their own handiwork. This is the very definition of unaccountability, and it pervades the culture of Washington, DC, because Congress has allowed it to infect our laws and our institutions—the very in-stitutions by which those laws are made. Many Americans assume that they are being lied to when their elected lawmakers blame someone else for the laws that are raising the cost of living, eating away at their paychecks, and generally making it harder for indi-vidual Americans and families to real-ize the American dream. But the truth is actually even more troubling than that. Most of the items on the Federal Government’s interminable list of do’s and don’ts governing nearly every ac-tivity of human life are not in fact written, debated, discussed, and passed by Congress; rather, they are imposed unilaterally by unelected bureaucrats in one of the executive branch’s admin-istrative agencies. This is true even for what are called major rules, which are regulations that cost the American people more than $100 million each year in compliance costs. For instance, look at the Department of Energy, whose appropriations we are currently considering. In a single year, 2015, the costs of the regulations issued by the Department of Energy exceeded $15 billion—$15 billion. In 1 year, it cost the American people $15 billion to com-ply with the regulations issued by this single bureaucratic agency—by this single Federal Department, the U.S. Department of Energy. Even if we were to agree with every cent of that very onerous regulatory burden, we should all be able to recog-nize the danger of allowing one group of people, consisting of individuals who never have had to stand for election, to squeeze $15 billion out of the pocket-books of the American people. That is why I have submitted this amendment, No. 3856, which would restrict the De-partment of Energy from spending any funds to implement or enforce regula-tions whose compliance costs exceed $100 million, unless specifically ap-proved by Congress. Unfortunately, regrettably, trag-ically, this amendment was blocked from consideration by one of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle for reasons that appear to be com-pletely unrelated to the merits of this amendment. Nevertheless, I would like to take a moment to explain how my amendment works. This amendment would have provided immediate, much needed fi-nancial relief to the budgets of hard- working families and businesses all across the country. It would protect them from the costs of two major rules recently proposed by the Department of Energy—rules that impose new en-ergy-efficiency standards on ceiling fans and commercial packaged boilers. Just like the Department of Energy’s ban on incandescent light bulbs, under these rules, Americans would no longer be able to buy ceiling fans or commer-cial boilers that do not adhere to the government’s strict new standards. Proponents of the rules think this is a good thing. As former Energy Sec-retary Steven Chu said about the light bulb ban back in 2011, ‘‘We are taking away a choice that continues to let people waste their own money.’’ This government-knows-best ap-proach to regulation is not only arro-gant—it is not only off-puttingly pater-nalistic—it is detached from the eco-nomic realities of American life today. Most Americans may buy less energy- efficient ceiling fans than most Wash-ington bureaucrats, not because they are less intelligent or less concerned about saving energy or less concerned about protecting the environment but because it is what they can afford. The additional costs of these energy-effi-ciency standards are not insignificant. In fact, it is estimated that these two rules would cost American families and businesses more than $3 billion. Today, the Department of Energy has the power to impose these rules on the public, and there is very little Congress can do about it. But under my amend-ment, the two rules would not go into effect unless and until Congress voted to approve them—unless and until Con-gress affirmatively enacted them into law and allowed them to be signed into law by the President. This simple, com-monsense reform is modeled on the REINS Act, a bill that requires con-gressional approval for all major rules issued by all executive agencies across the entire Federal Government. Last July, the House of Representa-tives passed the REINS Act by a strong vote of 243 to 165, and it currently has 37 cosponsors in the Senate. Support for the legislation is growing because it is becoming increasingly difficult to ig-nore the moral and material problems of hiding the regulatory process in the nameless, faceless bureaucracy. Every-one here knows the regulatory burden in America has become untenable. Every single day, each of us hears from our constituents about how stifling government regulations have become. The data tell the same story. Just today we saw that the first quarter of 2016 was the third in a row in which private domestic investment has shrunk. This is disappointing, but it is not surprising. According to a recent study by the Mercatus Center, in 2012, ‘‘the economy was $4 trillion smaller than it would have been in the absence of regulatory growth since 1980.’’ That works out to about $13,000 of lost earnings for every man, woman, and child in America. Some of my colleagues may think the costs of our regulatory system are defensible. I certainly don’t. But I know there are different opinions out there, and that is exactly the point of the REINS Act. That is exactly the point of this amendment—this amend-ment which has been improperly blocked. Under the broken status quo, Mem-bers of Congress can claim innocence— and they regularly do—when an execu-tive agency imposes a costly and con-troversial regulations on the country. In fact, many Members of Congress not only claim innocence, but they claim almost victim status. They behave al-most as if we were a victim, as if we were someone being acted upon. We don’t even have to debate it. It just kicks into law by itself. It is self-exe-cuting. This may be convenient for those of us in Washington, but it is fundamentally and unacceptably unfair to the American people. We don’t make the law this way in this country, but that is now how our system is set up. It is time that we change it. If Congress is ever going to win back the trust of the American people, we must prove that we are in fact trust-worthy—trustworthy to do what we are supposed to do and trustworthy to make law—because that is why we exist as a part of our government. The best way to do that is to make our-selves once again accountable for mak-ing the laws, passing the laws, and standing accountable for the laws of this country. This amendment would be a significant step toward making Congress accountable again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.063 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2540 April 28, 2016 
I regret—I deeply regret—that it was blocked, but I look forward to advanc-ing similar reforms in the future be-cause the idea of making Congress ac-countable isn’t just a good idea; it is burned deeply, indelibly within our constitutional system. It is no accident that the very first clause of the first section of the first article of the Constitution says, ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ All leg-islative powers—that means all Federal law in this system is vested in a Con-gress of the United States. We are not supposed to delegate that to someone else. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
f 
GENOCIDE AWARENESS AND PREVENTION MONTH Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, in many places around the world, April is a month where we celebrate rebirth and renewal. But April has too often been, in T. S. Eliot’s words, ‘‘the cruelest month,’’ a month where some of the world’s darkest moments have cast shadows over our humanity. It was in April 1915 when the Otto-man government began rounding up and murdering leading Armenian poli-ticians, businessmen, and intellectuals, a step that led to the extermination of more than 1 million Armenians. It was April 1933 that the Nazis issued a decree paving a way for the ‘‘final solution,’’ the annihilation of 6 million Jews of Europe. It was April 1975 that the Khmer Rouge entered Cambodia’s capital city, launching a 4-year wave of violence, killing 2 million people. In April 1992, the siege of Sarajevo began in Bosnia, the longest siege in modern history, where more than 10,000 people perished, including 1,500 chil-dren. It was in April 1994 that the plane carrying the President of Rwanda crashed, triggering the beginning of a genocide that killed more than 800,000 people in 100 days. When we talk about what happened in Rwanda, it is easy to begin to think of genocide as a single, undifferentiated act of barbarism. In reality, it was made of many individual atrocities that took place over 100 days. In April 2003, innocent civilians in Sudan’s Darfur region were attacked, killing more than 400,000 and displacing 2.5 million in a conflict that continues to this day. This past month, the State Depart-ment announced that the United States has determined that ISIS’s ac-tion against the Yazidis, Shiite Mus-lims, and Christians in Iraq and Syria constitutes genocide. Specifically, Sec-retary Kerry noted that in 2014, ISIS trapped Yazidis, killed them, enslaved thousands of Yazidi women and girls, ‘‘selling them at auction, raping them at will and destroying the communities for which they lived for countless gen-erations.’’ I rise here today, in April, not only to commemorate International Geno-cide Awareness and Prevention Month and pay respect to the innocents who were slaughtered but also to speak about what the United States can and must do to prevent atrocities and geno-cide. The commitment to prevent acts of genocide and mass atrocities has been a centerpiece of policy by consecutive administrations of the U.S. Govern-ment. The United States was the first country in the world to sign the Con-vention on the Prevention and Punish-ment of the Crime of Genocide, signed in Paris on December 9, 1948, and Presi-dent Ronald Reagan signed imple-menting legislation, allowing the United States to become a party to the convention on November 25, 1988. In the 2006 ‘‘National Security Strat-egy,’’ President George W. Bush high-lighted the ‘‘moral imperative that states take against to prevent and pun-ish genocide.’’ I firmly believe that U.S. leadership can make a difference in preventing fu-ture genocides and mass atrocities. U.S. leadership can save lives by bring-ing the power and resources of the United States to bear on atrocity pre-vention, accountability, and justice. On April 10, 2014, I introduced the Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act in this Chamber. Three days earlier, the world had marked the 20th anniver-sary of the genocide of Rwanda, one of the most horrific events in modern his-tory, which unfolded as the world stood back and watched. At that time, I noted: 
Unfortunately, we have not learned the lessons of the past. We must do better to not only see that sort of atrocities never again occur under our watch. 
That statement was not only a re-flection of my beliefs but a promise to keep the issue of atrocity prevention in front of the Senate and the American people. So today, under the heavy cloud of atrocities occurring in Syria, South Sudan, and elsewhere, I come to ad-dress this body again. I am here today not to look backward about actions not taken. I am here today to stress that our job, our responsibility, is to make sure the United States has the tools— diplomatic, political, economic, and legal—to take effective action before atrocities occur. Essential to this is authorizing the Atrocities Prevention Board and ensuring that the U.S. Gov-ernment has structures in place and the mechanisms at hand to better pre-vent and respond to potential atroc-ities. President Obama, when he estab-lished the Atrocities Prevention Board in 2012, said that ‘‘preventing genocide [is] an ‘achievable goal’ but one that require[s] a degree of governmental or-ganization that matches the kind of methodical organization that accom-plish mass killings.’’ Earlier this year, I introduced the Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2016 to ensure that we do just that. I am joined in this effort by Sen-ators TILLIS , MURPHY , MENENDEZ , SHA-
HEEN , B ROWN , G ILLIBRAND , B
LUMENTHAL , COONS , M IKULSKI , M AR-
KEY, MERKLEY , BOXER , CASEY , WARREN , W
HITEHOUSE , M URKOWSKI , B URR, and B
ENNET . This bill authorizes the Board, which is a transparent, accountable, high-level, interagency board that in-cludes representatives at the assistant secretary level or higher from depart-ments and agencies across U.S. Govern-ment. The board will meet monthly to over-see the development and implementa-tion of atrocity prevention and re-sponse policy, and, additionally, ad-dress over the horizon potential atroc-ities through the use of a wide variety of tools so that we can take effective action to prevent atrocities from oc-curring. This bill gives our Foreign Service officers the training they need to rec-ognize patterns of escalation and early warning signs of potential atrocities and conflict. With this training, we will, over time, build atrocity preven-tion into the core skill set of our peo-ple on the ground. They will be equipped to see the warning signs, ana-lyze the events, and engage early. The bill also codifies the Complex Crises Fund, which has been a critical tool in our ability to quickly respond to an emerging crises overseas, includ-ing potential mass atrocities and con-flict. We used the Complex Crises Fund in Tunisia during the Arab Spring and in Sri Lanka after its civil war. We have used it to respond quickly in Kenya and in other countries, where we helped save lives. Importantly, this bill builds greater transparency and ac-countability into the structure of the Atrocities Prevention Board. Civil so-ciety will have a say, and Congress will have a greater oversight role to make sure we are getting this done right. This is a good bill. It does good things and places the United States on a solid moral ground. But the moral ar-gument alone is not enough. We must also remember that America’s security and that of our allies is affected when civilians are slaughtered. Our security is impacted when desperate refugees stream across borders. Our security is affected when perpetrators of extraor-dinary violence wreak havoc on re-gional stability, destroying commu-nities, families, and livelihoods. We have seen groups such as ISIS systematically targeting communities on the basis of their ethnicity or reli-gious beliefs and practices. After 60 years, we still do not have a com-prehensive framework to prevent and respond to mass atrocities in genocide. Let this bill act as a framework and also as our call to action so that when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.064 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2541 April 28, 2016 
we use the phrase ‘‘never again,’’ we know that we are taking meaningful action to make that a reality. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for an ad-ditional 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Hearing none, it is so ordered. 
f 
ONE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE DEATH OF FREDDIE GRAY Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, the death of Freddie Gray was a national tragedy deserving of a national con-versation. A year after the death of Freddie Gray, the glare of television cameras covering the ensuing unrest has faded in Baltimore but the hurt and the continuing effort to heal re-main. In the 12 months since Freddie Gray’s death, Americans have had long over-due conversations about racially biased policing, poverty in cities across Amer-ica, the lack of access to quality edu-cation, and the scarcity of safe and af-fordable housing. These conversations have been translated into meaningful actions by Baltimore City residents, community leaders, and lawmakers at every level. Faith groups, community organizations, the business commu-nity, and many other groups who love and understand the limitless potential of our city have stood up and articu-lated their vision on how to build a stronger Baltimore. The death of Freddie Gray was yet another painful reminder of the prob-lems we have in our criminal justice system. I am a strong supporter of the independence of our judicial branch of government and the grand jury system, but I think all of us understand the frustration when there were no crimi-nal indictments brought in the Trayvon Martin case, the Michael Brown case, the Eric Garner case, and far too many examples across America. I have been working for years to ad-dress problems in our criminal justice system. In the days following the death of Freddie Gray and the ensuing un-rest, I called on the Justice Depart-ment to open Federal criminal and civil rights investigations into Freddie Gray’s death. On April 21, 2015, I was joined by Representative J
OHN CON-
YERS in reintroducing legislation, the End Racial Profiling Act, which I origi-nally introduced before the tragic death of Trayvon Martin. As Baltimore emerged from the un-rest, I met with community leaders to discuss legislative responses to help heal Baltimore’s physical wounds and how to address many of the core prob-lems that underpinned the unrest. I met with a pharmacy owner whose store had been looted. I visited a senior center that was damaged. I spoke with residents in east and west Baltimore. I visited Freddie Gray’s elementary school to hear from teachers and com-munity leaders about what tools they required for the Federal Government to better meet the needs of students. In the weeks following the unrest, I went back and forth from Baltimore City to the Senate and the White House, relaying the needs of Balti-moreans to my colleagues and to top Obama administration officials. I was joined by the Maryland congressional delegation, my colleague and friend Senator MIKULSKI —one of the great leaders on this issue—and members of our city delegation—Congressman C
UMMINGS , Congressman R UPPERS -
BERGER , and Congressman S ARBANES . Congress and the Federal Govern-ment responded and continues to re-spond. I welcomed the announcement that the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division will open a Federal ‘‘pattern or practice’’ investigation of the Baltimore Police Department. This was just one way to help restore the eroded trust between communities and police. To further this effort, I intro-duced the BALTIMORE Act. The BAL-TIMORE Act is comprised of four ti-tles. Title I deals with law enforcement reform. The BALTIMORE Act places bans on racial profiling by State and local law enforcement, mandatory data collection and reporting, and available grants. It requires local law enforcement of-ficials receiving funds from the Byrne/ JAG and COPS Hiring Programs to submit officer training information to the Department of Justice, including how their officers are trained in the use of force, countering racial and eth-nic bias, deescalating conflicts, and constructive engagement with the pub-lic. It requires the Department of Justice to report on a plan to assist State and local law enforcement agencies to im-prove training in the use of force, iden-tifying racial and ethnic bias, and con-flict resolution through the course of officers’ careers. The Department of Justice shall de-velop Field Training Program policies and examine ways to partner with na-tional law enforcement organizations to promote consistent standards for high quality training and assessment. The Department shall also provide a report that contains best practices, model policies, and training toolkits. The Department of Justice will derive action plans for helping law enforce-ment agencies upgrade their IT sys-tems to submit arrest and officer-in-volved shooting data. Lastly, Title I establishes a pilot pro-gram to assist local law enforcement in purchasing or leasing body-worn cam-eras, which requires privacy study. We have a comprehensive section that deals with law enforcement. Title II deals with voting rights and civil rights restoration. The BALTI-MORE Act restores the right to vote for all citizens after a prison sentence is served, returning citizens the right to vote. It also restores eligibility to sit on Federal juries after a prison sen-tence has been served. Title III deals with sentencing law reform, which many colleagues in this Chamber have been championing. It re-classifies specific low-level, nonviolent drug possession felonies as mis-demeanors, eliminating the distinction between crack and powder cocaine for sentencing, and requires fair weight for food products. Title IV deals with reentry and em-ployment law reform. It is critically important that people have an oppor-tunity once they come out of incarcer-ation. I don’t think there is a Member of this Chamber who hasn’t had a sec-ond chance. This allows nonprofits to apply for Second Chance Act grants. It authorizes $200 million annually for the Labor Department’s Reentry Employment Opportunities Program. It is a sense of the Congress that the administration should ‘‘ban the box’’ for hiring of Federal contractors. Baltimore’s congressional delegation has been fighting to ensure Federal re-sources are made available to help the city residents prosper. In the days fol-lowing the unrest, the Small Business Administration established disaster loan outreach centers in Baltimore to help local owners who have been im-pacted by the unrest. The Justice Department has also pro-vided assistance in the form of the Ed-ward Byrne Memorial Justice Assist-ance Grants to help defray the cost of policing during the unrest and to help local law enforcement better safeguard communities from violent crime. The Department of Education’s Project SERV, or School Emergency Response to Violence, has given re-sources to Baltimore City Public Schools to help students recover from trauma associated with the unrest. The Environmental Protection Agen-cy pledged funding to help convert va-cant lots into gardens that foster a sense of community and increase pub-lic and environmental health. Other Obama administration initia-tives such as My Brother’s Keeper con-tinue to give communities the tools they need to foster long-term positive change. These are only a small portion of the Federal Government’s ongoing commitment to the people of Balti-more City. I am proud of the Federal Govern-ment stepping up to help Baltimore so that Baltimore can reach its full poten-tial. Baltimore is my home. Following the death of Freddie Gray was one of the most difficult days in the city’s history. One year later, Baltimore is transforming with the help of ordinary citizens, the business community, and a slew of nonprofits making a measur-able impact. I have always been hon-ored to represent the people of Balti-more. As long as I still have that honor, I will continue to make sure the Federal Government is an active part-ner in empowering Baltimore City to reach its full potential. In the year since the death of Freddie Gray, we have made progress in build-ing a more just America by investing in Baltimore. Let us continue to build upon that progress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.066 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2542 April 28, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING HARRY WU Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, on Tues-day, the world lost a courageous activ-ist for international workers’ rights, Harry Wu. Harry Wu spent 19 years in one of China’s ‘‘laogai’’ prison labor camps. That word is pretty much un-known in English—L-A-O-G-A-I. It is a word that the Chinese made famous, at least in their part of the world, as the terribly brutal labor camps where they sent political prisoners. Mr. Wu was imprisoned in 1960 at age 23 because he spoke out against Com-munist China’s ally in 1960, the Soviet Union, after its invasion of Hungary. Over those 19 years, from 1960 to 1979, Mr. Wu was brutalized. He was sent to work on farms, mines, and prison camps. He was beaten and forced into concrete cases. As he has written and told us, he survived on food he foraged in rats’ nests. After his release, following Mao’s death, Harry Wu dedicated the rest of his life to exposing the horrors that his homeland leaders inflicted on their own citizens. He risked his life to re-turn to China under cover and gathered secret footage of the abuses in China’s laogai, China’s prison camps. He wouldn’t let the world ignore Chinese atrocities. He wouldn’t let us forget that opening our doors to China—de-manded by U.S. corporations with few strings attached—came at a steep price. Through the footage he col-lected, he helped show the world that products like cheap wrenches and arti-ficial flowers sold in the United States were made with forced labor. Think about what this was about. U.S. compa-nies would shut down their production in Mansfield, my hometown, or maybe in Baton Rouge or Cleveland, and move their production to China and sell those products back to the United States. The U.S. companies that moved to China never addressed the moral issue of what that move did to our communities. They never addressed the moral issue of, in some cases, using Chinese forced labor to make their products. These companies could also sell their products a little bit cheaper in the United States, and as a result, these companies could reap much big-ger profits. The moral question of U.S. trade relations with China has rarely been touched in this body. It is just in-convenient for us to think about. Well, Mr. Wu never let it be inconvenient. As we approach the 15th anniversary of China’s entry into the World Trade Organization this year and review Chi-na’s nonmarket economy status, we should not forget the lessons of Harry Wu. Over the past decade, we have seen that prosperity in China does not lead to more political freedom. I knew Harry Wu. He testified before the Congressional-Executive Commis-sion on China when I was chairman. He had testified several times. As recently as 2012, Mr. Wu warned Congress: The Laogai— 
The forced labor camp— 
system [is] deeply rooted into [China’s] eco-nomic structure. . . . China’s working class is different from that of the modern demo-cratic countries. It includes not only ‘‘work-ers’’ in the ordinary sense, but also ‘‘work-ers’’ of the prison enterprises. 
These would be slaves. He warned that ‘‘prisoners in Laogai, more like state slaves than enterprise workers, provide the state with an endless source of cheap or payless labor force.’’ This system is an egregious human rights abuse against hundreds of thou-sands of Chinese people. It hurts Amer-ican workers who are then forced to compete. This system they have set up is one of the reasons that people are really upset about what is happening in this country. Companies in my State of Ohio shut down production in Lima, Zanesville, and Chillicothe, then moved overseas to China in order to get a tax break, hired Chinese work-ers—some of them were slave laborers for some of the component manufac-turing; some of them were just low- paid labor—to make these products in a totalitarian system and sell them back in the United States. American companies never talk about the moral dimension of that. I wrote a book a dozen or so years ago called the ‘‘Myths of Free Trade.’’ I interviewed Harry Wu about this book. He told me: ‘‘Capitalism must never be equated with democracy.’’ Be-cause our country believes in cap-italism and democracy, we think they always go together. Well, they don’t. According to Harry Wu: 
Capitalism must never be equated with de-mocracy. . . . Don’t believe it about China. My homeland is mired in thousands of years of rule by one bully at a time, whether you call him emperor or chairman. Don’t be fooled by electronics or air conditioning. 
Before his death, I think Mr. Wu would have said: Yes, the United States has been fooled. Maybe we choose to be fooled; maybe we choose to not know how the products that we hold in our hands are made—by an oppressive gov-ernment using forced labor workers. We have been on a continuous march toward more trade with China and de-manded far little in return. We have turned a blind eye to China’s labor practices for too long. When you hear Presidential candidates and others complaining about China, it is always about putting American workers out of work, which it should be, but the other part of that moral question is about how we are using slave laborers in China to undercut American workers. How could an American worker or com-pany possibly compete with slave labor in China? Obviously we can’t, but we leave that moral question because U.S. corporations don’t want to acknowl-edge and want to turn a blind eye to-ward slave labor. It reminds me of something from a few years ago when an American drug company was mak-ing a blood thinner—much of the pro-duction of that blood thinner came from China—with contaminated ingre-dients, and a number of people in To-ledo, OH, died. The drug company didn’t know where these products came from. They knew they came from China, but they didn’t know where their supply ingredients came from. Think about that. They should be lia-ble for that—at least you would think they should—but they just didn’t think about the moral question there. A year and a half ago I gave a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations, warning that before we sign any bilat-eral investment treaty with China, we need to demand that China comply with existing international obligations in domestic law. We have given China chance after chance, pushing for in-creased engagement, even though we know that China will play by its own rules. In the past year and a half, noth-ing has changed. We need to make clear the international obligations we expect China to meet on cyber secu-rity, human rights, forced labor, slaves making products that American chil-dren use, international trade, workers’ rights, and other issues. We need to de-mand that China meet these standards now. Increased engagement by the United States may have led to more agree-ments on paper, and that is fine, but in reality the only thing it has achieved is our ongoing tolerance of Chinese transgressions. It may be tolerance, it may be ignoring, it may be shrugging our shoulders, it may be burying our heads in the sand, but I don’t think we want to think much about slave labor in China. I don’t think when we buy these products at Walmart—special-izing in Chinese products—that we want to think much about where these products were made. We often know they were made in China, but we don’t really want to think about how those workers produced these products. Harry Wu’s passing is a reminder that this needs to end. His legacy in-cludes the Laogai Museum here in Washington. I encourage my colleagues to visit the museum and pay their re-spects to Harry Wu. The best way they can pay their respects to Harry Wu is by changing our policies. The thou-sands upon thousands of other name-less prisoners who suffered in these Chinese prison camps should be hon-ored equally. We can’t forget this trag-ic legacy, and we can’t forget the human rights abuses that continue to this day as they continue to make these same products in these same working conditions with these same slave laborers. It is shameful. It should not continue. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.068 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2543 April 28, 2016 
The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES 
GREG KING  
Mr. CARPER. Good afternoon, Mr. President. For more than a year now, as the Presiding Officer knows since he has had the good fortune—or bad for-tune of drawing the short straw—of sit-ting there when I come to the Senate floor just about every month to high-light the extraordinary work that is being done by the men and women of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity—I am here to do that again today. The agency has so many talented folks, and they do incredibly important work, so there is no shortage of material. As the Presiding Officer knows, the Department of Homeland Security is made up of 22 component agencies and employs over 200,000 people. These men and women work around the clock, and the work they do is designed to protect all of us—protect our families and pro-tect our country. Last month we were reminded of just how crucial the work they do is when terrorists attacked a train station and airport check-in area in Brussels, Belgium, setting off bombs that killed 32 people and wounded hun-dreds more. Our thoughts and prayers have been and remain with the fami-lies, loved ones, and victims of these horrible attacks. Just 6 days before these tragic at-tacks, I spoke on the floor about the difficult but critical work performed by the 59,000 employees of the Trans-portation Security Administration, af-fectionately known as TSA. These men and women work every day. They do so to ensure that all of us—Americans and tourists who visit—may travel around our country and around the world safe from harm. The attack in Brussels shows us once again just how important these ef-forts—performed by the men and women at TSA—are to every single American and to our visitors. It also reminds us how important it is that TSA has the tools and resources needed to effectively carry out their mission. To help ensure that the TSA is well equipped to protect the public, I worked with a number of our Senate colleagues last week—Democrats and Republicans alike—to include amend-ments to a bill reauthorizing the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. Our amendments will help make airports and transit hubs across our country safer for travelers by doubling the number of teams—called VIPR teams— of Federal agents and bomb-sniffing dogs that patrol our airports and sub-ways to deter and identify potential attackers. These amendments will also make se-curity improvements to public areas in airports and train stations and ensure that the men and women patrolling those areas can effectively respond to the types of active shooter incidents we have unfortunately seen more fre-quently in recent months. These commonsense amendments are just one of the many ways we can sup-port the men and women at TSA and throughout the Department of Home-land Security who work on the frontlines every day screening pas-sengers, guarding our ports of entry, and patrolling our transit hubs. One part of the support we need to extend to these brave public servants is world-class training and education. By expanding and improving training op-portunities for our law enforcement personnel, we can make sure they have the knowledge and make sure they have the capability to respond to every situation that may arise. That is why one of the best tools in our homeland security arsenal is the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center. As my staff knows, I don’t like acro-nyms very much, but this is a pretty good one. It is called the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center. It is lo-cated in Glynco, GA. It goes by the ac-ronym F-L-E-T-C, and we affection-ately call it FLETC. I am not crazy about acronyms, but that is a pretty good one. We call it FLETC. The Federal Law Enforcement Train-ing Center is tasked with teaching the men and women we deploy to the frontlines how to best utilize the tech-nologies and techniques needed to pro-tect Americans here at home and around the world. They provide train-ing to literally dozens of Federal agen-cies, State law enforcement personnel from across our country, and our inter-national partners, who travel from all over the world to learn from the best right here in America. From active shooter trainings, to advanced forensic techniques, to methods to counter human trafficking, FLETC instructors provide training in nearly 100 courses. They host the training academies for a number of other agencies, including Customs and Border Protection, Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement, and the U.S. Coast Guard. Recently, TSA announced that they would be establishing a new, perma-nent academy for transportation secu-rity officers at FLETC’s main facility in Glynco, GA. Having their training centralized at FLETC will allow TSA to better ensure uniform training for all of their officers and better collabo-rate with other components of the De-partment of Homeland Security. Providing world-class training and instruction to tens of thousands of law enforcement officers each year requires bringing together some of the most highly qualified professional instruc-tors from across our country. The more than 1,000 men and women from across law enforcement who serve at FLETC utilize their personal experience in the field to create and to lead effective trainings that help law enforcement professionals keep us—Americans and our guests—safe and secure each day. One of FLETC’s world-class instruc-tors is Greg King, pictured right here to my left. For nearly 10 years, Mr. King has been an instructor at FLETC, utilizing his own experience to train Federal officers deployed around the world. Before coming to FLETC, Greg served his hometown of Cleveland, OH, working for the Cleveland Police De-partment for 28 years. If he is listening, I would just suggest that I have been thinking that Greg may have started when he was about 10. He looks pretty good for a guy who has been doing that for this long. He has a career spanning nearly three decades. Greg did every-thing from working undercover as a street crimes unit detective, to inves-tigating financial crimes, murders, and crimes against children. For those 28 years, Greg has dedicated his life to protecting the community of Cleveland and giving back to the town in which he grew up. Today, Greg serves as a senior in-structor at FLETC, working as pro-gram coordinator for the Case Organi-zation and Presentation Training Pro-gram, the Internet Investigations Training Program, and as assistant program coordinator for the Intel-ligence Analyst Training Program. Greg has a wealth of knowledge in these areas. His colleagues call him— this is a quote, their words, not mine— a real ‘‘subject matter expert’’ with the kind of expertise that can only come from real-world experience. Through the lesson plans and course materials he develops, Greg strives to impart the firsthand knowledge he gained on the force to his students so that when they leave his class, they are able to effec-tively build cases, conduct investiga-tions, analyze information, and ulti-mately catch the bad guys. At FLETC, Greg’s colleagues also refer to him as an ‘‘Energizer bunny.’’ Some of my colleagues have referred to me in those same terms. I think it is a compliment—I hope so—and in his case, I am sure it is. His energy and his passion for his work inspire other in-structors and keep his students en-gaged. Given his dedication to his students and to the FLETC mission, Greg has earned the respect of his peers and FLETC leadership alike. It is no won-der, then, that Greg King was named FLETC instructor of the year for 2015. Think about that—instructor of the year for the entire school. It is clearly a well-deserved honor. When Greg isn’t training law enforce-ment professionals, he spends time with his family—his wife Shelley, their two daughters Lela and Shayla; and their son Rayshawn. I want to give my special thanks to Greg’s wife Shelley and to their two daughters and their son for sharing him with us—with the people of Cleveland and now the people of the United States—for not just 28 years but 38 years in all. He has dedi-cated countless hours, I am told as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.070 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2544 April 28, 2016 
well, to his community and to his country in addition to that. In his 10 years at FLETC, Greg King has helped train countless law enforce-ment officers, who have used the valu-able lessons from his courses every sin-gle day to arrest criminals, to protect our fellow citizens, and to help keep Americans safe around the world. FLETC has four core values that the agency and their employees attempt to abide by, and I am going to mention those today: No. 1, respect; No. 2, integ-rity—one of our former colleagues, Alan Simpson, the Senator from Wyo-ming, used to say about integrity: If you have it, nothing else matters. If you don’t have it, nothing else mat-ters. Integrity is the second value I want to mention for FLETC. So re-spect, integrity, service, and excel-lence. I like to say that one of the things we need to focus on is to have excellence in everything we do as a country, here in the Senate and across the country. If it isn’t perfect, make it better. And that is one of the core values for FLETC. Respect, integrity, service, and excel-lence. I have mentioned that those val-ues actually look a little bit like some of the values we embrace in the office from the State that I am privileged to represent. Greg has lived this one, using his own experience, to make the next generation of law enforcement of-ficers and our country even better pre-pared to face the threats of tomorrow. Greg is just one shining example of the critical work being done by more than 1,000 instructors at FLETC. These instructors make it their own mission to ensure that law enforcement per-sonnel across our country are well pre-pared for whatever they might face on the job. So to Greg, to all of the men and women at FLETC, and to everyone at the Department of Homeland Security, I thank you for your hard work day in and day out, I thank you for your serv-ice to the people of our country, and I urge you to keep up the good work. Some of us travel on trains. Some of us travel on buses. Some of us travel on airplanes and helicopters, in our own cars, trucks, and vans. I do a com-bination of those, but I do a fair amount of travel in the air. I was a naval flight officer for many years. I am a retired Navy captain. I spent a lot of time in Navy airplanes. I love the Navy. I loved serving in the Navy. But now they don’t let me—they let me ride in a commercial plane. Sometimes we get to fly in military planes, too, which is a kick. But when you fly com-mercial aviation, at the airport you generally go through a security check, and they want to make sure you are not carrying anything in your luggage or anything on your person that is in-appropriate or illegal. And you have to be confronted by usually a series of TSA officers. I just want to remind us all that they are there to protect us. That is their job, to make sure the planes we get on, whether they are going 200, 300, 400 miles or 2,000 or 3,000 miles to go from one side of our coun-try to the other side or one side of the world to the other side—the job of the TSA officers is to protect us. They have a very tough job, and there is ac-tually a tension in the job that exists because of the work they do. On the one hand, every day there are tens of thousands of travelers, maybe hundreds of thousands of travelers, pulsing through our airports, trying to get from a terminal, from a gate, onto a plane in time to catch their flights. In some cases, they have had to re-check their bags. They have had to go through maybe unloading their suit-cases and showing that what they have in their suitcases is not inappropriate or illegal. There is a rush to get through to try to catch their flights. TSA is there. In some cases, they slow down that traffic, that flow, and they slow down that flow of traffic in order to make sure that what all of us pas-sengers every day are carrying in our suitcases or briefcases or purses or on our bodies is not inappropriate and is not illegal. They do it to protect all of us. Sometimes the TSA folks get a lit-tle bit frazzled. I would say we would, too, if we had to do the work they do. A lot of times, when I fly commercial and when I go through the check-in, after they check my ID or whatever, I take it upon myself to say to the TSA officers—I tell them who I am, that I am a senior Democrat on the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and I thank them for what they do. I say: We value your work and we appreciate it, and I just wanted you to know that. I can’t tell you how many times a TSA officer has said to me: Nobody has ever thanked me before. Nobody has ever thanked me before. Sometimes we can’t pay people enough for the work they do, and they work hard for their money. I would ask others, when you see somebody, especially TSA officers who go out of their way in spite of all of the hustle and bustle and pressure on them—they manage to still be polite, courteous, and helpful—thank them. It might be the first time. You may be-come the first person who has ever said ‘‘thank you’’ to them. At the end of the day, one of the things that means a lot to me is when-ever people thank me for my service to our country, whether it was in uniform or as Governor, Senator, or here today. So I urge you to do that. When I do that, it makes me feel better and it makes them feel better too. Mr. President, I am looking around the Senate Chamber, looking for Democrats or Republicans who are rushing to get to the podium to say something. I don’t see anybody rush-ing. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE BUILDING OF THE SSN 791 SUBMARINE ‘‘USS DELAWARE’’ Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, just a short note. I think it is important, es-pecially for those who are privileged to live in the First State—the first State to ratify the Constitution. Delaware ratified the Constitution on December 7, 1787, before any other State did so. For 1 week, Delaware was the entire United States of America, and then we opened it up to Pennsyl-vania, Maryland, New Jersey, Lou-isiana, and others. It turned out pretty well. It was a great week. I think that because our State is re-markable in starting the whole coun-try, we have a lot of ships—submarines or aircraft carriers—named after it. It has been decades since there has been any naval vessel named after the First State. A couple of years ago, Dr. Jill Biden, the wife of the Vice President, and I joined Navy Secretary Ray Mabus to announce that work would begin in a few years from that point—work would begin building a fast attack nuclear submarine. It would be called the USS Delaware, and the number of the ship would be SSN 791. This Saturday in Newport News, VA, Dr. Jill Biden, the wife of the Vice President, who is officially the sponsor of the submarine, will be there to join Secretary Ray Mabus. I will have the good fortune of joining them for the keeling, which is the first step in the construction of a brandnew vessel, the USS Delaware, SSN 791. These submarines are not built in a day. This is a project that will take a couple of years, but a very good thing for our State and I hope for our coun-try is about to begin; that is, the ad-venture of building a submarine that will help defend our country, help keep the sea lanes open, and better ensure that we remain a nation that is brave and free. I mentioned earlier in my brief re-marks that I spent some years of my life in the Navy—5 years in a hot war in Southeast Asia as a P–3 aircraft mis-sion commander, and toward the end of those 5 years as a P–3 aircraft mission commander I was a naval flight officer. Then, for another 18 years, I was a P– 3 aircraft mission commander in the Reserves, chasing Soviet subs all over the world. We would train with American sub-marines, and we would track fast at-tack boats. It is a fast attack boat that will be built and named after Delaware. We would track ballistic missile sub-marines, American submarines. We would also track those from other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.071 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2545 April 28, 2016 
countries, especially those from the Soviet Union. It wasn’t that hard to find them, to track them, to know the location of Soviet nuclear submarines that were on deployment. They weren’t easy to find, to locate and track, but they were a whole lot easier than tracking our own. ‘‘Run Silent, Run Deep,’’ and that is exactly what our submarines did and still do. We have the best submarine force in the world. I am very proud of all of them, and they are delighted to be joined by SSN 791 in a couple of years, and we get to kick it off in 2 days in Newport News, VA. I wish everybody a good recess. The pages are going to be in charge until we get back in about 8 or 9 days, and I am sure they will do a good job. Thank you so much. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF SINCLAIR OIL Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a well-respected American company: the Sinclair Oil Corporation. This May marks 100 years since Harry Ford Sinclair founded the corporation after purchasing petroleum assets from 11 smaller companies. In its centennial year, Sinclair Oil con-tinues to thrive as one of the oldest continuously operated brands in the petroleum business and the seventh largest fuel company in the United States. Today I wish to congratulate the company on its 100th anniversary. Most people know Sinclair Oil for its iconic green Apatosaurus, but behind the character is a company fueled by two real American legends: Harry Ford Sinclair and Earl Holding. Harry Ford Sinclair experienced his fair share of setbacks before becoming a successful businessman. In fact, Sin-clair was just 25 years old when a spec-ulative investment went south, and he lost his father’s drugstore, but the bad investment turned out to be a blessing in disguise for the brash and brilliant young man, who was never cut out for the quiet, meticulous life of a druggist in the first place. After losing his family’s drugstore, Sinclair found work selling lumber for oil derricks. Soon, he was buying and selling small oil leases on the side, and his ‘‘side’’ business did well enough to attract investors. Sinclair’s successes snowballed as he rolled small profits into bigger ventures, eventually lead-ing to a payout in Oklahoma’s Glenn Pool oil field that made him a million-aire by age 30. In 1916, he founded the Sinclair Oil and Refining Corporation. Three years later, the company had grown to four times its original size. In the 1920s, Sinclair introduced America to the first modern service stations. These early retail gasoline outlets offered oil changes, minor me-chanical repairs, and, for the first time, public restrooms that motorists could use while an attendant pumped gas into their vehicles. The convenient amenities of these service stations en-abled the creation of a uniquely Amer-ican experience: the long road trip. Sinclair’s success continued through tough times. During the Great Depres-sion, the company bought up dying competitors, saving hundreds of Amer-ican jobs. And during World War II, Sinclair supported the Allies with high-octane fuel, tankers, and more. In 1948, Harry Ford Sinclair officially retired, but 28 years later, Earl Hold-ing, another American business icon, acquired the company, leading Sinclair Oil into a new era of prosperity and growth. Earl had grown up with noth-ing during the Great Depression, but like Harry Sinclair, he turned a will-ingness to work into success. Before purchasing Sinclair Oil, Earl and his wife, Carol, built the Little America chain of hotels and gas stations. In fact, the Little America chain became Sinclair’s biggest customer before the Holdings bought the oil company. Earl was well known for his bril-liance, but he was equally regarded for his steadiness and warmth. These per-sonal qualities enabled him to make Harry Sinclair’s empire somehow feel like a mom-and-pop business. No task at the company was beneath Earl, whether it was serving coffee or digging ditches. He even hosted annual conferences and parties so he could per-sonally meet partners and employees from around the country. Today Sinclair Oil continues to suc-ceed under the leadership of CEO Ross Matthews. Family values hold the com-pany together, while innovation drives it forward. As the company celebrates its centennial, the spirit created by Harry Sinclair and Earl Holding lives on, as does Dino, the familiar green di-nosaur that is the beloved mascot of Sinclair Oil. In closing, I would like to offer just a few words in memory of the company’s late CEO, Earl Holding. I knew Earl personally and considered him a dear friend. He inspired his employees through genuine kindness and humble leadership. Earl was a master of com-merce, but more importantly, he was a good and honorable man of uncompro-mising character and integrity. Al-though Earl left us only 3 years ago, his legacy is alive and well. Today I wish his beautiful wife and children the very best. 
f 
REMEMBERING WARD CORRELL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to a good friend and a distinguished Kentuckian who has sadly passed away after a resound-ingly successful life and career of many decades. Ward Correll, a native Ken-tuckian renowned across the Common-wealth, died on April 21 of this year. He was 88 years old. My wife, Elaine, and I are deeply sad-dened by Ward’s death. Ward rose from humble beginnings to great business success, and he also generously and charitably shared the fruits of his suc-cess with others in his hometown of Somerset and throughout Kentucky. Many have benefitted from his philan-thropy, and he will be terribly missed. Ward was a household name in Ken-tucky. A self-made man, he created a business empire, including an oil dis-tributorship and many property, busi-ness, and financial holdings. He was a major stockholder in First Southern National Bank. Ward believed strongly in giving back to the community that he loved so much. He was a financial benefactor to dozens of charities, churches, sports teams, and other organizations, includ-ing Somerset Christian School—which honors his family’s contribution with a monument on the school campus—and the University of the Cumberlands, where the science complex is named in his and his late wife’s honor. The Ward Correll Sports Complex, a popular des-tination in Somerset, is thanks to his efforts. For all his success in life, Ward grad-uated high school with less than $3 in his pocket. He hitchhiked to Detroit, where he worked odd jobs. After serv-ing his country in the U.S. Army in an intelligence unit during the Korean war, he returned home to Somerset and married his wife, Regina. Ward and Regina’s first business was selling bananas. From that, he built himself into the titan of business and philanthropy whom we mourn today. Ward received the 2002 Kentuckian Award from the A.B. Chandler Founda-tion. He was named Outstanding Phi-lanthropist by the Association of Fund-raising Professionals Bluegrass Chap-ter in 2003. In that same year, he re-ceived the Business of the Year Award as an Entrepreneurial Success from the Somerset-Pulaski County Chamber of Commerce. And he received the Som-erset-Pulaski County Distinguished Community Service Award in 2014. The people of Pulaski County were accustomed to seeing full-page ads in the local paper bought by Ward Correll, each one sharing some bit of wisdom or personal philosophy from Ward that he wished to pass on to others. He ended each ad with the signature line, ‘‘Hoo-ray, cheers! Ward Correll.’’ I want to send my deepest condo-lences and prayers to Ward’s family at their time of loss. Now is the time to wish one final hooray and cheers to the man who leaves behind a powerful leg-acy. Kentucky honors Ward Correll for his life and his lifetime of service, and we mourn his passing. The Lexington Herald-Leader pub-lished an article detailing Ward Correll’s life and career. I ask unani-mous consent that the article be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.073 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2546 April 28, 2016 
There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Lexington Herald-Leader, Apr. 23, 2016] S
OMERSET BUSINESSMAN WARDCORRELL , K
NOWN FOR PHILANTHROPY , DEAD AT AGE88 (By Bill Estep) Somerset businessman Ward F. Correll, recognized for millions of dollars’ worth of philanthropy in support of various causes, died Thursday at University of Kentucky Chandler Hospital. He was 88. Correll had been hospitalized since suf-fering what police said were accidental gun-shot wounds at his home early March 9. Correll had business interests in a shop-ping center, an oil and gas distributorship and a life insurance company, and he was a founder of First Southern National Bank. Correll had given millions to causes and projects including land for a water park and youth baseball field in Somerset; land and fi-nancial support for Somerset Christian School; money to renovate an auditorium at Somerset High School; and $1 million for a classroom building at the University of the Cumberlands in Williamsburg. The building was named for Correll and his late wife, Re-gina. He also made smaller donations, reportedly giving away $30 worth of gas from his sta-tions to active-duty military personnel in 2009, for instance. Observers said Correll’s philanthropy had touched countless lives. ‘‘It has built the community up from every aspect,’’ said Carolyn Mounce, head of the Somerset-Pulaski County Convention and Visitors Bureau. U.S. Rep. Hal Rogers, a Somerset Repub-lican, said Correll’s impact will last for gen-erations. ‘‘His generosity was as vast as his business ingenuity, and he routinely used both to in-spire and encourage everyone around him,’’ Rogers said. ‘‘Ultimately, Ward loved his God, his family, his community and his country, and spent a lifetime faithfully serv-ing each one with great passion and enthu-siasm.’’ Correll was born in Wayne County, one of 13 children, and grew up in Pulaski County in modest circumstances. He told the story of leaving home after high school with $2.67 and hitchhiking to De-troit for work, returning home several months later with a bit more money in his pocket. He eventually developed a shopping center in the 1960s on what was then a sparsely built stretch of U.S. 27 in Somerset, now crowded with hundreds of businesses. Correll frequently bought full-page adver-tisements in the Commonwealth-Journal newspaper in Somerset to publish inspira-tional quotes. Correll, a Korean War veteran, is survived by six children, nine grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren, according to Lake Cum-berland Funeral Home. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BOYS TOWN NEVADA IN THE 12TH ANNUAL JOURNEY OF HOPE GALA Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to honor the 25th anniversary of Boys Town Nevada. Serving southern Ne-vada’s most vulnerable children, Boys Town Nevada helps to support and edu-cate children and families in need. Boys Town opened its doors in Ne-vada in 1991. Since then, they have pro-moted valuable skills for boys and girl and their families in the Las Vegas area. The organization has developed family-based services in the home by aiding in the process of reunifying fam-ilies. Boys Town strives to provide the necessary skills to create and maintain a stable household for all members of the family. For more than a century, Boys Town has followed Father Edward Flanagan’s mission to save children and heal fami-lies through the power of love, family, and faith. Because of their positive im-pact in Nevada, they have been able to improve the lives of nearly 15,000 chil-dren over the last two decades. Their dedication and their hard work resem-bles Nevada’s values to sustain healthy relationships and minimize problems that affect the mental health of each family. As part of the 12th annual Journey of Hope gala, I would like to honor Diana Bennet and Scott Menke for being the 2016 Hope Awards recipients. These phi-lanthropy icons exemplify the gen-erosity and commitment to dedicate their lives to impact the lives of chil-dren, families, and all Nevada commu-nities. I applaud executive director Denise Biden and her team for her strong lead-ership in one of the most important or-ganizations for children in the State of Nevada. Her dedication though the past 15 years has positively impacted more than 3,000 children each year. This or-ganization is an invaluable part of communities throughout the State, and I would like to extend my best wishes for continued success. f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF PROJECT REAL Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to honor the 10th anniversary of Project Real. Project Real will formally cele-brate over 10 years of teaching Nevada students the importance of the law and giving them the tools they need to pre-vent crime. Since 2005, Project Real has met the challenge of teaching Nevada students from kindergarten through high school about the principles of democracy, law, and the responsibilities of citizenship. The organization is working to bring law and civic education back into Ne-vada’s classrooms by providing pro-grams that give students of all ages the opportunity to learn about our judicial system. Project Real takes pride in en-suring that students are positive con-tributors to the communities in which they reside. Since its inception, the organization has also been a strong supporter of aca-demic programs that allow children to gain a better understanding of our judi-cial system. Working closely with the State bar of Nevada, Project Real pre-pares Nevada’s children to become in-volved, participating citizens who un-derstand their responsibilities and rights. These programs not only en-courage students to act with integrity, but also foster connections between students and legal professionals. I applaud executive director Tom Kovach and his team for strong leader-ship in an important organization for children throughout the State. I am pleased that through your and other’s selfless efforts, incalculable numbers of students and communities have been positively affected by Project Real. I would like to recognize Irwin Molasky and Sam Lionel, as well. It was because of their vision for children in Nevada to become responsible citizens that they founded Project Real. This organi-zation is an invaluable part of commu-nities throughout the State, and I would like to extend my best wishes for continued success. f 
REMEMBERING LAURA CHA-YU LIU Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it is with a heavy heart that I share the news that Judge Laura Cha-Yu Liu passed away last week. A longtime resident of Chicago, Judge Liu was only 49 years old. Although her time with us was far too short, her accom-plishments were many. Judge Liu broke barriers. She was the first Chi-nese American woman to become judge in Illinois, the first Chinese American elected to public office in Cook County. And in 2014, Judge Liu became the first Asian American to serve on the Illinois appellate court. Her story is the story of the Amer-ican dream. Born in Carbondale, IL, her parents were immigrants fleeing a dire political situation and the terrors of war. They came to this country as foreign exchange students in the hopes of providing a better life for their chil-dren. Liu’s first language was Man-darin, and she started school speaking very little English. She overcame the language barrier and graduated as her high school’s valedictorian. In 1987, she received a bachelor’s degree from Youngstown State University and a law degree from the University of Cin-cinnati in 1991. As the daughter of immigrants, Judge Liu took extraordinary pride in her work on the Illinois Supreme Court’s Access to Justice program, aimed at making the system more ac-cessible to immigrants and non-English speakers. She helped draft require-ments that courts provide qualified in-terpreters for parties and witnesses. Throughout her career, Judge Liu was a staunch defender of individuals’ rights, especially the most vulnerable in our community. It wasn’t uncom-mon for Judge Liu to delay court pro-ceedings when people struggled to un-derstand, saying: ‘‘We’re going to wait for an interpreter.’’ And no one did more to ensure that language barriers would not stand in the way of justice for all at Daley Center. Five years ago, Judge Liu was diag-nosed with breast cancer, but that didn’t slow her down. She continued working, running for election in 2012 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.061 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2547 April 28, 2016 
and, 2 years later, winning her appoint-ment to the appellate court. She never complained; she just kept going. Dur-ing chemotherapy, she said, ‘‘I put on my wig, put on my eyebrows, lots of blush, happy face, get out of bed and went to work.’’ That is courage. Judge Liu was the recipient of nu-merous honors and awards. Here are just a few: the Asian Pacific American Community Service Award; the Chi-nese American Bar Association of Greater Chicago’s Sandra Otaka Dis-tinguished Judicial Service Award; Illi-nois’ Judges Foundation’s ‘‘the Leader Who Shares Experience Leaves a Leg-acy of Success’’ Award; Asian Amer-ican Bar Association’s 2014 Vanguard Award for her work to make ‘‘the law and legal profession more accessible to and reflective of the community at large’’; Illinois Secretary of State’s Distinguished Leadership Award—and the honors go on and on. Judge Liu was also a member of the Illinois Judges Association, Chicago Bar Association, Illinois State Bar Association, Asian American Bar Association of Greater Chicago, and Lesbian and Gay Bar As-sociation of Chicago. She was an extraordinarily accom-plished professional, but Judge Liu’s proudest accomplishment was being a mother to her 7-year-old daughter, Sophie, and a wife to the love of her life, Michael Kasper. Despite her busy schedule, she always put family first. She made time to teach Sophie Man-darin and the piano. She even took Sophie to Paris, in the midst of dealing with an aggressive chemotherapy regi-men. But she simply said, ‘‘I’ll sleep it off on the plane.’’ And she did. She also could frequently be found on the side-lines of Sophie’s soccer matches cheer-ing her on. Judge Liu was a force of nature. She authored nearly 150 judicial opinions in her 2 years on the Illinois appellate court. In her final days, while working from home, Judge Liu filed her final opinion before she passed. What com-mitment and what an inspiration. To the very end, Judge Liu understood that these issues and her opinions af-fected people’s lives, and cancer wasn’t going to keep her from doing her job. She once said, ‘‘I wanted to fit in more than I wanted to be a trailblazer. I didn’t want to be an Asian-American on the rise.’’ Well, she didn’t get that wish. In fact, she accomplished just the opposite. Her career was groundbreaking and she became a role model for countless Chinese American kids—and an inspiration to the rest of us—especially her friends and family. Judge Liu will be sorely missed. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS WEEK AND VERMONT ENTREPRENEURS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, each year, the Small Business Administra-tion sets aside the first week of May to acknowledge small businesses that are doing extraordinary work and recog-nizes them during Small Business Week. In March, the SBA announced the slate of 2016 Vermont small busi-ness award winners, which included three tremendous businesses from Lamoille County. The award winners included the Small Business Person of the Year, Tom Stearns of High Mowing Seeds; Woman-Owned Business of the Year, Debbie Burritt of Sweet Crunch Bakeshop & Catering; and Young En-trepreneur of the Year, Caleb Magoon, of Power Play Sports. In Vermont, we place a high value on small businesses. They make up the backbone of our economy and the heart and soul of our communities. I am in-credibly proud of the three Lamoille County businesses being recognized both because of their hard work and entrepreneurial spirit, but also because they represent a true cross section of the Vermont economy. Vermonters share an inherent bond with our State’s natural resources. Our State prides itself on our strong agri-cultural history and the renaissance we are seeing in diversified agriculture and value added food production. For many farmers, this connection starts with their soil and the seeds they plant in the ground. What started as a hobby for Tom Stearns 20 years ago has grown into a dynamic business that is one of the top organic seed companies in the country, now supplying those farmers and home gardeners across the country with the seeds that become the food we feed our families. Part of what sets Vermont businesses apart is their abil-ity to innovate and help define or cre-ate new markets. High Mowing has done just this in the seed market—by ensuring that all of their 700 varieties of seeds are both organic and GMO- free—and are among the gold standard in the market. Now they are branching out to experiment with new varieties that will bring new specialty vegeta-bles, herbs, and flowers to the market. When imagining a startup business, it is common to think of someone working out of their garage. Debbie Burritt of Sweet Crunch Bakeshop & Catering is precisely one of those en-trepreneurs. Debbie founded her busi-ness in 2001 in her home garage, and since then, her products have received great acclaim and attention. Sweet Crunch baked goods are made from scratch, with no preservatives. It comes as no surprise to this Vermonter that their maple cookies are one of their best selling products. In fact, Sweet Crunch’s maple cookies were featured on the Food Network, and Sweet Crunch products can be found in locations across New England and, in fact, the country. I will take a moment of personal pride to note that Debbie’s delicious products will be a featured part of the annual Taste of Vermont celebration happening in Washington in a few weeks. The mountains and valleys that played such a significant role in deter-mining the settlement of Vermont con-tinue to be a significant force in the lives of Vermonters. These resources attract skiers, riders, bikers, paddlers, and many other adventurers to our State both to live and to visit. Natu-rally all of these outdoor enthusiasts need some place to be outfitted. Power Play Sports has been a staple of the local sporting goods scene for more than 20 years, but was recently pur-chased by Caleb Magoon. Caleb first worked at Power Play as a teenager and returned to manage the store after living in Boston for a number of years. He has demonstrated a great entrepre-neurial vision, consolidating his other business under one roof and opening a new store in Waterbury, VT. This type of passion and growth are qualities we want to encourage in Vermont and de-serve recognition. I want to congratulate these three businesses and all the Vermont busi-nesses who were recognized by the SBA for a job well done. I look forward to their future successes. At this time, I ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing article written by Kayla Friedrich of the Stowe Reporter recog-nizing Tom, Debbie, and Caleb for their awards be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Stowe Reporter] S
TEARNS , BURRITT , MAGOON WINBUSINESS  A
WARDS  (By Kayla Friedrich) Tom Stearns, founder and owner of High Mowing Organic Seeds in Wolcott, has been named Vermont Small Business Person of the Year by the federal Small Business Ad-ministration. In addition, two other Lamoille County businesses won major awards: Debbie Burritt of Sweet Crunch Bakeshop & Catering Co. in Hyde Park, Woman-Owned Business of the Year. Caleb Magoon of Power Play Sports in Morrisville and Waterbury Sports, Young Entrepreneur of the Year. For more than 50 years, the federal agency has honored small businesses for their con-tributions in their communities and to the economy. Stearns was recognized for expanding his company, increasing sales, hiring more em-ployees and contributing to the local com-munity. High Mowing is a farm-based company that produces and distributes vegetable, flower and herb seeds throughout the U.S. and Can-ada. It began in 1996 with just 28 varieties, produced in Stearns’ backyard and packaged in his shed. First-year sales were $2,000, but what start-ed as a hobby soon expanded beyond his backyard. By 2001, his business had grown to the point where Stearns began contracting with other local farms to grow his seeds, in addition to continuing to produce on High Mowing’s 5 acres. High Mowing was the first organic com-pany to guarantee all its seeds are not ge-netically modified, and 20 years later, his company is one of the top organic seed com-panies in the U.S., with more than 60 em-ployees. ‘‘It is an honor to accept this award on be-half of all the work done by our team for the last 20 years since this hobby was born,’’ Stearns said. ‘‘It has been a joy to see it grow and to know that we are just getting started. I get to do what I love every day and the work is diverse, challenging and cre-ative. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.092 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2548 April 28, 2016 
‘‘There is nothing more rewarding than bringing an idea to life in a way that serves health in the world, and it means a lot to me to have the work of our team recognized in this way.’’ 
YOUNG ENTREPRENEUR  In Morrisville, the next town over, a very different business also won an award from the Small Business Administration. Caleb Magoon, 32, owner of PowerPlay Sports in Morrisville, was named 2015 young entrepreneur of the year. The annual award is presented to business owners under 35 who have had success in sales, profits, increasing jobs, having innova-tive business methods and demonstrating en-trepreneurial potential necessary for eco-nomic growth. PowerPlay Sports was founded in 1995 by John Connell and Rob Maynard. After bounc-ing around several downtown locations, the store eventually landed at 35 Portland St. Magoon began working at the store at 17. After graduating from Boston University, where he studied theater design, Magoon and a few friends established a theater company in Boston, produced shows, and won the El-liot Norton Awards for best production three years in a row. However, as a native of Hyde Park, who grew up hiking, biking and skiing in the Green Mountains, his passion for sports led him back to Vermont in 2010. He managed PowerPlay for a year, then bought the busi-ness from Maynard. Magoon said working in theater helped him learn how to run a business. He and his friends each worked on different aspects within their theater company, including ad-vertising, producing and financing, and learned from each other. ‘‘If you can do that, business is easy. We learned to be business people,’’ Magoon said. Last year, Magoon moved his embroidery and screen-printing business—which was in an adjacent building—into the same location as his sports gear. He also opened a new store, Waterbury Sports, with two business partners in Waterbury. 
WOMAN -OWNED BUSINESS  A Hyde Park business also received an award from the Small Business Administra-tion. Chef Debbie Burritt, owner and founder of Sweet Crunch Bakery and Catering Co., was selected as the Woman-Owned Business of the Year. The bakeshop portion of the company pro-vides desserts and wedding cakes to res-taurants, resorts and the public. For cater-ing, the company’s goal is making every event unique and unforgettable. Burritt has a staff to assist with all the de-tails of event planning, and will customize menus to meet the individual needs of cli-ents. Burritt completed her culinary degree at Newbury College in Brookline, Mass., in 1987, and worked in Boston and Virginia before moving back to her native state, Vermont. After working at Stoweflake Resort and Trapp Family Lodge, both in Stowe, Burritt decided to venture out on her own in 2001. f 
RECOGNIZING BORDER AIR LTD. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, you don’t have to look too far in Vermont to find any number of unique businesses. One such business is Border Air Ltd., led by its owner Cliff Coy. Cliff is the airport manager and unofficial ‘‘aviation am-bassador’’ at the Franklin County State Airport in Swanton, VT. He also owns and runs Border Air Ltd., a main-tenance and restoration company. He purchased Border Air Ltd. in 2007 from his father, George, who founded the company in 1989. Border Air specializes in restoring Soviet-era aircraft and is one of only five companies in the coun-try with the qualifications to sell, maintain, and inspect them. In addition to providing many serv-ices for the aviation enthusiasts who call Franklin County home, Border Air imports and exports planes to and from former Soviet nations, a practice that began after the senior Mr. Coy took a trip to Lithuania in 1989. George Coy heard of an Antonov An-2, the largest single-engine biplane ever built, which had just been restored and was listed for sale. In spite of a major malfunc-tion while crossing the Black Sea with the An-2, the Coys were hooked on the idea of importing similar aircraft and selling them to American pilots. Since then, over 300 planes have passed through Border Air’s hangars, some purchased by customers as far as Chicago. Through their work with pi-lots and aviation enthusiasts across the world, the Coy family has brought business to Swanton and helps to keep citizens safe by inspecting planes once a year to ensure they are up to Federal Aviation Administration safety codes. Though safety is most important, Cliff Coy also aims to inspire a love of flying in children and adults across the coun-try by bringing students from nearby Missiquoi Valley Union High School to the airport to watch air show practices or speaking with anyone interested in planes from flying to skydiving. The Coys represent an entrepre-neurial spirit that is at the heart of Vermont. In Cliff Coy, we see a true commitment to and leadership with the community. I ask unanimous consent that the April 14, 2016, article from Seven Days entitled ‘‘Border Air in Swanton Keeps Imported Planes Alive,’’ which chron-icles the Coys’ history with Border Air Ltd., be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Seven Days, Apr. 14, 2016] B
ORDER AIR IN SWANTON KEEPS IMPORTED  P
LANES ALIVE (By Ken Picard) A stiff snow squall swirls around the main building at Franklin County State Airport in Swanton as a large, twin-engine turboprop prepares to roll out of the hangar. Airport manager Cliff Coy watches silently as the King Air B200 revs its engines with a high- pitched whine and slowly inches its way onto the tarmac. The plane’s wingtips are upturned for im-proved aerodynamics and fuel efficiency. It’s just a fringe benefit that the design also al-lows the plane to squeeze through the hangar door. ‘‘That’s a 58-foot wingspan going through a 60-foot opening,’’ Coy notes with a bemused smile. Once the wings clear the sides, he flashes a quick thumbs-up to his mechanic, Dan Marcotte, who’s directing the pilot from the tarmac. Unlike busy commercial hubs, such as Bur-lington International Airport, Franklin County State Airport doesn’t have its own air traffic control tower. Many planes that use this runway lack radios, lights or on-board electrical systems. The 46-year-old Coy wears many hats at this small, state-owned airstrip that’s just a hop from the Canadian border. Besides man-aging the airport, he’s the owner of Border Air Ltd., which was founded by his father, George Coy. As an FBO, or fixed-base oper-ator, Border Air performs various functions for the flying public: fueling, inspection, maintenance, flight training, and providing hangar and tie-down space for parking air-craft. Coy calls its headquarters ‘‘a cross be-tween a boat launch and a state park—and I’m the guy wearing the green shirt and the hat.’’ Beyond Coy’s official duties, he’s the air-port’s unofficial ‘‘aviation ambassador,’’ which involves more than just greeting white-knuckled travelers when they land safely in inclement weather. Coy is Franklin County’s go-to guy for anyone who’s inter-ested in learning more about airplanes, whether that means fixing them, flying them, building them or jumping out of them with parachutes. And, with fuel prices at historic lows, in-terest in aviation is soaring. That’s not read-ily apparent on the morning I visit: Aside from the departing turboprop, about the only thing moving on the airfield is a semierect orange wind sock. But, according to Coy, KFSO—the airport’s Federal Aviation Ad-ministration abbreviation—is usually more active. ‘‘This is the busiest airport in Vermont for general aviation,’’ he says, referring to non-commercial and nonmilitary air traffic. ‘‘Come out here in six weeks on a Saturday, and this place will be humming with air-planes.’’ Those planes aren’t just local flyers. In re-cent years, Coy has carved out a unique niche for himself in the wider world of avia-tion: He imports and exports planes to and from Russia and other former Soviet-bloc countries. One of only five companies in the country with the expertise to sell, service and inspect Soviet-era planes, Border Air also maintains, repairs and modifies them— an unusual specialty that Coy fell into al-most by accident. Coy got his degree in mechanical engineer-ing from Vermont Technical College and studied computer science and physics at the University of New Mexico. Then, as he puts it, he faced an important life choice: ‘‘Am I going to spend the rest of my life in front of a computer screen, under bad fluorescent lighting? Or am I going to solve problems out in the field and get dirty?’’ Coy began answering that question in 1988. That year, his uncle Bob, who was working on a sister-city exchange program, offered Coy a chance to travel to the Soviet Union after an injury forced a student in the pro-gram to drop out at the last minute. Coy jumped at the opportunity—and not merely to see the Soviet Union as it began to open up to the West. Coy’s father, George, himself a pilot and flight mechanic, was keenly interested in a Russian-built aircraft called the Antonov An–2. The 1,000–horse-power, 12–passenger plane is the world’s larg-est single-engine biplane ever built. As Coy recalls, his father ‘‘became infatuated with it and absolutely had to have one.’’ While that trip offered the chance to see an An–2 firsthand, the Coys wouldn’t get their hands on one until 1989, when George Coy learned that a company in Lithuania had a freshly overhauled An–2 for sale. As the So-viet Union neared its collapse, the Eastern Bloc countries were becoming like the Wild West, Cliff Coy recalls, with everything being sold off at bargain-basement prices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.063 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2549 April 28, 2016 
‘‘So he strapped a pile of cash to a belt and flew out to Lithuania to go look at an air-plane,’’ says Cliff. Since George didn’t speak Lithuanian, and all the instrumentation was in Russian, the sellers taught him how to fly the plane. Con-vinced it was worth the investment, the Coys hired a Russian pilot and a farmer from Shelburne to help fly the An–2 back to Vermont. Like many aviation adventures, Cliff Coy says, theirs began with a mechanical mal-function: The plane lost all of its oil above the clouds during a night crossing of the North Sea.* As he recalls, ‘‘The Russian pilot knew very few words of English, and two of them were ‘Very bad!’’’ The An–2 managed to run for another half hour without oil before landing safely. De-spite the mishap, the trip stoked the Coys’ interest in importing more Russian and Eastern European planes—such as two aero-batic trainer planes called Yakovlev Yak–52s that they’d seen in Lithuania. Sensing a business opportunity, the Coys began im-porting Russian and Eastern Bloc planes to the U.S. for American buyers. Since 1989, Border Air has imported more than 300 such aircraft, including a Yak–55, which is currently under repair in the hang-ar in Swanton. With only about 250 Yak–52s still actively flying in the United States, Coy has loyal clients who fly to Swanton from as far west as Chicago to get their planes serviced. What’s the plane’s appeal? For one thing, Coy points out, Yak–52s closely resemble World War II fighter planes. And, given the Soviets’ efficient engineering, he adds, ‘‘You’re basically able to maintain it out in a farmer’s field with a flathead screwdriver and a wrench. So they’re incredibly rugged and inexpensive.’’ The Coys pretty much stopped importing Russian aircraft in 2005, when the dollar-to- Euro exchange rate made them prohibitively expensive. The sale price of the Yak–52, for example, jumped from $120,000 to $380,000. In 2007, Coy bought Border Air from his fa-ther. These days, much of his business has reversed direction—it involves moving planes and pilots from the U.S. to Russia in-stead of vice versa. In the Soviet era, the only Russians who flew planes were military pilots; when the country opened up civil aviation, many Rus-sians became interested in flying American aircraft. Until the Russian ruble crashed last year, Border Air was exporting about two containers of American-made planes to Rus-sia every three months. Recent changes overseas have brought a whole new crop of flyers to Swanton. In 2011, a wave of bad aviation accidents in Russia killed scores of people. Putting the blame on pilots who had obtained their licenses fraud-ulently, the Russian government closed flight schools across the country. The virtual shutdown of civil aviation in Russia could have sent Coy’s business into a tailspin. But then Russians began coming to the United States—including the flight school in Swanton—to obtain pilot’s li-censes. Apparently placing greater trust in American flight schools than in its own, the Russian government converts U.S. pilots’ li-censes into Russian ones, Coy says. Just as Coy is explaining the process, two Russian men with crew cuts and black coats pass en route to a small trainer plane to begin their flight lessons. According to Coy, they’re former Russian fighter pilots who are logging flight time and learning to fly in U.S. airspace. ‘‘There’s a bit of a mind shift when you go from flying something at 300 miles per hour to flying something at 60 miles per hour,’’ he says. Of course, not all of Coy’s work involves Russians and Russian planes. As an FAA-li-censed inspector, he ensures that the aircraft he encounters are flightworthy. By law, every aircraft, from a commercial Boeing 777 to the one-seat Ultralight hanging from the hangar rafters, must be inspected annually. ‘‘I’ve seen things where you wonder how these people even made it here alive,’’ Coy says. ‘‘Unbelievably scary stuff.’’ For example, he recalls encountering a pilot who reported that his plane was flying funny When Coy checked it out, he noticed that the bottom of the fuselage was blue— from the dye used to identify aircraft fuel. Coy instantly spotted the problem: The fuel line wasn’t hooked up. When he went to ad-just the propeller control, it broke off in his hand. Next, he discovered that the starboard engine wasn’t bolted onto the frame and the landing gear wasn’t installed correctly. The result: a 60-page report to the FAA. Getting people passionate and up in the air is Coy’s mission. And, notwithstanding the back issues of Cigar Aficionado in the air-port waiting room, he says he meets a di-verse cross-section of people who are avia-tion enthusiasts. Granted, it’s not a cheap hobby: The costs of purchasing and maintaining airplanes may seem daunting enough to dissuade any-one without a seven-figure trust fund. But, Coy points out, most people who fly these days rent their planes. (Coy himself doesn’t own one.) And enthusiasts who decide to take the next step can buy a plane for as lit-tle as $15,000, on par with the price of a boat. Coy does a lot of outreach to local schools, hoping to get the next generation interested in flying. Sometimes that means showing the kids his various ‘‘museum pieces’’—the historic aircraft parked in various hangars on the airfield. Or he’ll invite students from nearby Missisquoi Valley Union High School to watch his mechanic, Marcotte, practice his air-show maneuvers during his lunch hour. (Burlingtonians know Marcotte as the pilot who flies acrobatic stunts over the wa-terfront before the annual July 3 fireworks show.) ‘‘Look, if you have any interest in flying, we’ll take you for a ride in an airplane,’’ Coy says. ‘‘That’s what we do, because we want to get people interested in flying.’’ Correction, April 14, 2016: An earlier version of this story misreported Coy’s age— it is 46. The body of water over which Coy’s plane experienced engine trouble was the North Sea, not the Black Sea. Additionally, aviation enthusiasts can buy a plane for $15,000, not the higher number originally re-ported. 
(At the request of Mr. R EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I was unable to vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the substitute to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Develop-ment Appropriations bill, due to a fu-neral I attended for a neighbor in New-ark, NJ. Had I been present in the Sen-ate today, I would have voted against cloture.∑ 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to speak about the urgent need for Congress to approve emer-gency funds to fight the Zika virus. The Zika virus is a rapidly growing public health threat, and the stakes for women are particularly high. The virus is carried by two species of mosquito. They are found in 40 States in this country. There have been 388 travel-related cases in the United States—meaning an individual was infected during a trip to Latin America, South America, or the Caribbean, where the virus is wide-spread. There have not yet been any re-ported cases of local transmission in the continental United States, al-though more than 500 cases have been reported in Puerto Rico. It is a matter of when, not if, that happens—particu-larly as we approach the summer sea-son when mosquitos are most active. Scientists are still working to under-stand the effects of the Zika virus, but we do know that Zika causes severe, brain-related birth defects in babies when women are infected during preg-nancy. Microcephaly, one of the most seri-ous effects of Zika, causes babies’ heads to be much smaller than normal. In severe cases, you will also see sei-zures, developmental delays, intellec-tual disabilities, feeding problems, hearing loss, and vision problems. The CDC continues to research the virus, and it could be several years be-fore the full-range of health effects is known. One of the most concerning gaps in our scientific knowledge is how the dis-ease is transmitted from person to per-son. The most common way people con-tract the disease is through mosquito bites, but there have been documented cases of the virus being spread from men to women through sexual contact. Zika symptoms are mild—fever, rash, and joint pain—meaning that many people may become infected and spread with disease without knowing they have it. Unless we act now, we could end up with a significant number of Zika carriers who don’t know they are infected. The administration has asked Con-gress for $1.9 billion in emergency fund-ing to stop the spread of the Zika virus. I fully support this funding re-quest. The Federal Government needs this money for a number of reasons, in-cluding controlling mosquito popu-lations, researching the virus, edu-cating the public, and developing a vaccine. As the weather warms, Zika will spread faster, particularly in States with persistent mosquito issues. We simply can’t ignore public health threats of this magnitude, hoping they will go away. In closing, Congress cannot afford to delay. I strongly urge the Senate to ap-prove the administration’s sensible re-quest to fight this growing public health threat. f 
NATIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK DAY Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, this Saturday, April 30, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration, DEA, is coordinating the lat-est National Prescription Drug Take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.066 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2550 April 28, 2016 
Back Day. Take back days are nation-wide efforts to remove old or unused prescription drugs from medicine cabi-nets so they don’t fall into the wrong hands and lead to substance abuse and addiction. I am proud to have helped encourage take back days a few years ago by working with Senators K
LO-
BUCHAR , CORNYN , and B ROWN to pass the Secure and Responsible Drug Dis-posal Act. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, health care providers wrote almost a quarter of a billion opioid prescriptions in 2013, enough for every American adult to have his or her own bottle of pills. The accumulation of these medicines in our homes creates a public health risk, since they can be accidentally in-gested, abused, stolen, and passed on to others. According to the 2014 National Survey on Drug Use and Health, 6.5 million Americans abused controlled prescription drugs that year. According to that same study, a majority of abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet. Obviously, the consequences of this prescription drug abuse can be dan-gerous and even deadly. Prescription drug abuse may lead to abuse of other drugs like heroin, which is cheaper and more readily available. In 2014, more than 47,000 drug overdose deaths oc-curred in the United States, an alltime high. Incredibly, more than half of those deaths involved prescription opioids or heroin. So raising public awareness about the dangers of abuse and reducing the availability of unused medications are important components of preventing prescription drug abuse and addiction. The take back day initiative is a great way to make progress on both fronts. Beginning in September 2010, the DEA has coordinated these days twice a year, with fantastic results. At the most recent event last September, Americans turned in 350 tons of pre-scription drugs at more than 5,000 sites operated by the DEA and more than 3,800 of its State and local law enforce-ment partners. Overall, in its 10 pre-vious take back events, DEA and its partners have taken in more than 2,750 tons of pills. It is not an exaggeration to say that take back events have probably saved lives. Now, for some unexplained reason, the Obama administration decided to discontinue this program a few years ago, but in May 2015, I was a member of a bipartisan group of Senators that wrote to the Department of Justice, urging that it be reinstated. A few months later, DEA Acting Adminis-trator Rosenberg did so. I am grateful for that decision. In fact, I support expanding take back opportunities, by creating addi-tional permanent, convenient disposal sites for the public. Expansion of the program along these lines is explicitly authorized in the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act, a bill I guid-ed through the Judiciary Committee in February. It subsequently passed the Senate by a vote of 94–1. So I urge everyone in Iowa and across the country to check your homes for unneeded or expired medicines. If you find any, please take part in this year’s National Prescription Drug Take Back Day on Saturday. Participating loca-tions typically include neighborhood pharmacies and local fire and police de-partments. You can locate a specific collection site near you on the DEA’s website. This is one small way we can each do our part to reduce the risk of drug abuse and addiction for our fami-lies and communities. 
f 
DUCHENNE MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish to raise awareness about Duchenne muscular dystrophy and the boys and young men who suffer from this dev-astating disease. Duchenne muscular dystrophy was first brought to my attention 15 years ago, when I met Brian and Alice Denger of Biddeford, ME. The Dengers had two wonderful sons, Matthew and Patrick, who were both born with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Pat-rick, now 19, is a student at the Univer-sity of New England. He recently re-ceived his driver’s license and enjoys driving in Maine. His brother Matthew was a 20-year-old student at UNE when he died from the disease about 3 years ago. The Dengers also have a daughter, Rachel, with juvenile diabetes. They are a loving and courageous family whose strength and spirit directly in-spired me to become involved in the fight for research funding to combat muscular dystrophy. Brian Denger was the first to tell me of the terrible progression of this type of muscular dystrophy. Symptoms begin in early childhood, and boys quickly experience severe and rapidly progressing muscle degeneration, which often results in their losing the ability to walk. Tragically, most die prematurely as a result of muscle-re-lated cardiac and respiratory problems. In 2001, what really caught my atten-tion was that the treatment options for boys with Duchenne muscular dys-trophy were incredibly limited and aimed at managing symptoms in an at-tempt to optimize quality of life for the limited time that these children would have to share with us. Research had not yielded any meaningful way to extend the lifespan of children suf-fering from the disease. That is why I joined with the late Senator Paul Wellstone in introducing the MD CARE Act, to raise awareness and expand Federal support for research into this debilitating disease. It was signed into law and last reauthorized in 2014 and has resulted in dramatically improved and standardized clinical care for those with the disease. I have also fought diligently for increased funding for the Duchenne programs at the National In-stitutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Today there is some good news for the boys—and now—young men with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and their families. A number of therapeutic strategies are currently under develop-ment, and we have made dramatic progress to improve the quality and length of life for those who suffer from the disease. In fact, the average life-span of Duchenne patients has in-creased by about a decade since the MD CARE Act became law. Given our Nation’s wealth of sci-entific expertise, however, we can and should do more for families like the Dengers. We are making progress, but this is no time to take our foot off the accelerator. The $2 billion increase in funding for NIH that was included in the fiscal year 2016 funding bill will pay dividends for patients and their fami-lies. I urge my colleagues to continue to work collaboratively to sustain this commitment to biomedical research, which holds tremendous promise for finding better treatments and, ulti-mately, a cure for devastating diseases like Duchenne muscular dystrophy. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN HEINZ Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, on April 4, we marked 25 years since Pennsyl-vania Senator John Heinz died in a plane crash. I am honored to serve in the Senate seat he held from 1977 to 1991. Five years ago, I paid tribute to Sen-ator Heinz for his public service as a Senator. Today, I am going to focus on his leadership on the Special Com-mittee on Aging. Senator Heinz served as chairman of that committee from 1981 to 1987. Pennsylvania is one of the oldest States in the country, and through this position, Senator Heinz was a strong advocate for seniors. Dur-ing his chairmanship, the Special Com-mittee on Aging held 34 hearings in Washington, DC, and countless more around the Nation. The committee also produced over 60 reports and papers. Senator Heinz would often use what he learned through these investigations and reports to inform his work as a member of the Finance Committee, which has jurisdiction over the Social Security and Medicare programs. John Heinz once said, ‘‘Working to-gether, we can lay the groundwork for a society that respects age and the el-derly and that truly realizes the bene-fits of the experience, wisdom, and judgement of older Americans.’’ As chairman of the Aging Committee, his first responsibility was not to party or partisanship, but to older Americans whose interests the committee was cre-ated to support and protect. Frank McArdle, a member of Senator Heinz’s staff once commented: 
What Heinz brought to many issues . . . was a sense of outrage. He could channel that anger toward public policy that would correct the injustices that hurt vulnerable populations. When he seized upon a situation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.082 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2551 April 28, 2016 
like that, he wouldn’t let go. His outrage over what was happening to defenseless peo-ple gave him an energy and a commitment to see it through. 
As chairman, Senator Heinz took on the powerful in defense of the power-less. Senator Heinz was an honorable pub-lic servant for our Commonwealth and our Nation. He focused intensively on the challenges facing our seniors and worked tirelessly to find solutions to their problems. We continue to be in-spired by his distinguished service on behalf of the older citizens of Pennsyl-vania. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. SHEILA CROWLEY ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I do not often recognize non-Vermonters on the floor of the Senate, but I rise today to applaud the numerous and signifi-cant achievements of Dr. Sheila Crow-ley. Dr. Crowley recently retired as president and CEO of the National Low Income Housing Coalition, after dec-ades of advocacy to make sure people with the lowest incomes in the United States have affordable and decent homes. It has truly been an honor to work closely with Sheila on issues re-lated to affordable housing. I am particularly proud of our efforts to create the national housing trust fund, the only Federal program de-signed to build new affordable rental housing specifically for extremely low- income individuals. In the early 2000s, Sheila provided invaluable assistance to my office as we drafted the first House version of the trust fund and shepherded the legislation through its first votes in the House Financial Serv-ices Committee. For the next 15 years, Sheila built grassroots support across the country for the trust fund, to keep the pressure on Federal lawmakers. Despite numer-ous setbacks—and one serious housing market collapse—she tirelessly advo-cated for addressing the significant housing needs of people with limited economic resources. It is a fitting tes-tament to her tenacity that just as she prepared to retire, the Federal Housing Finance Agency began capitalizing the trust fund for the first time. Later this year, States will receive the first new Federal affordable housing production funds in decades, and for that, Sheila Crowley deserves an enormous amount of credit. Not surprisingly, Sheila received the 2009 John W. Macy award from the Na-tional Alliance to End Homelessness and the Housing Leadership Award from the National Low Income Housing Coalition for her work on the National Housing Trust Fund campaign. But I am guessing the award Sheila will cherish most will be when, in the not- too-distant future, tenants move into the first trust fund financed affordable housing. I cannot overstate the importance of Sheila’s work and her accomplish-ments. We are experiencing nothing less than an affordable housing crisis on the national level. In order to afford the fair market rent for a two-bedroom apartment, a minimum wage earner must work 102 hours per week, 52 weeks per year. Throughout her tenure at the Na-tional Low Income Housing Coalition, Sheila was not just a resolute advo-cate; she was also a vital resource on housing policy to many members of Congress. She also worked closely with organizations focused on homeless services, family housing, AIDS hous-ing, housing for people with disabil-ities, senior housing, and services for battered women and victims of rape. And while her focus was national, Sheila often travelled to States to sup-port local housing efforts, including in my State of Vermont. She was a fre-quent keynote speaker at Vermont conferences and a valued partner in de-veloping local responses to our housing challenges. I know a great many Vermonters who worked closely with Sheila and hold her in the highest es-teem. I wish Dr. Sheila Crowley all the best in her well-deserved retirement, and I am confident her affordable housing ef-forts will continue to bear fruit for dec-ades to come.∑ 
f 
NATIONAL SEERSUCKER DAY Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize seersucker manufac-turers and enthusiasts across the United States. I wish everyone a Happy National Seersucker Day. This unique-ly American fashion has a storied his-tory dating back to 1909. Louisiana is proud to have played an important part in introducing the country to seer-sucker apparel. The first seersucker suit was designed by Joseph Haspel at his Broad Street facility in New Orle-ans, LA. This lightweight cotton fabric, known for its signature pucker, has been worn and enjoyed by Americans across the country during the hot sum-mer months. Mr. Haspel said it best, ‘‘hot is hot, no matter what you do for a living.’’ In the 1990s, Seersucker Day was established by Members of this chamber to honor this unique Amer-ican fashion. I proudly resumed this tradition in 2014 in the U.S. House of Representatives by designating Wednesday, June 11, as National Seer-sucker Day. I have continued this tra-dition in the U.S. Senate and wish to designate Thursday, June 9, as the third annual National Seersucker Day. I encourage everyone to wear seer-sucker on this day to commemorate this iconic American clothing. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PETER HENRY Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize a distinguished member of my staff, my legislative di-rector, Peter Henry. I am sad to say that Peter will be leaving my office, as well as Washington, DC, for a new chapter in his life. His last day is April 29, 2016. He and his beautiful wife Libby, his two-and-a-half-year-old daughter Winnie, and his daughter-to- be will soon move back to his home-town of Kansas City. Peter has taken a job working in the private sector, where I know he will excel and succeed as he has during his time with my of-fice. Peter was one of the first staff mem-bers I hired after I became Senator, but Peter’s time in Washington began back in 2005 when he came to our Nation’s capital straight out of college. Prior to joining my team, Peter made a name for himself as a sharp and capable Hill staffer, rising quickly through the ranks in three different Senators’ of-fices before moving to the Senate Com-mittee on the Environment and Public Works, where he had a lead role in sur-face transportation issues. Given his breadth of experience and the deep respect he fostered with his colleagues, Peter no doubt had his choice of offices to work for, but he chose to work for me. For that, I am immensely grateful. Being a freshman Senator is not easy, and being staff to a freshman senator is certainly a chal-lenge. Peter rose to the challenge. He put together the best legislative team I could have imagined. He handled stress under fire, taught us about complex Senate procedures, and adeptly helped me navigate the minefields that can be Washington politics. His intelligence, integrity, strong work ethic, sense of fair play, and his good nature will be sorely missed in my office. Peter is also a patriot and made sure to set us on the right track to serve the great people of Alaska and the rest of the country. I can’t thank Peter enough for all the work he has done for me and for the rest of my staff. He leaves a hole, but I am comforted to know that his future is bright and that he will continue to contribute to our great country by working hard at his new endeavor and, most importantly, raising a wonderful family. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO EVELYN CANTU ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Evelyn Cantu for her hard work as an intern in my Casper office. I recognize her ef-forts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Evelyn is a native of Texas. She cur-rently attends Casper College, where she is studying political science. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Evelyn for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.088 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2552 April 28, 2016 
me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID JOST ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to David Jost for his hard work as an intern in my Riverton office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. David is a graduate of the University of Wyoming, where he received a B.A. in psychology, B.S. in sociology, and M.S. in neurophysiology. David has also received a master of natural re-sources from Virginia Tech. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank David for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ELEMENTARY STUDENTS OF CJI ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the elementary students of Chester-Joplin-Inverness, CJI. These students took part in Chester’s annual Harvest 4 Hunger Campaign. All to-gether, they gathered 2136.5 pounds of nonperishable food. CJI is a combination of three towns up on what we call the Highline in Montana. The towns are Chester, Jop-lin, and Inverness. These three town have come together to make one great school to serve the students of the area. There are 108 elementary students at CJI, and they did such a wonderful thing for families in the area. Harvest 4 Hunger is a campaign operated by CHS to gather nonperishable food items and money donations to give to local charities to feed families in need. Now I hear the students had a little motivation for bringing food in. The winning classes at the end of each week were rewarded with a pizza party. There is no better motivation than a pizza party. I read a lot quotes from the kids, and it sounds like they had a great time collecting the food, and they were happy to get the chance to help people in need. One student told their teacher Miss Manion, That is what Hawks do. It makes me so proud to see young Montanans helping out their commu-nities. These students did such a won-derful thing. Great job, and God bless. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VETERANS GUEST HOUSE ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Veterans Guest House for its unwavering commitment and loyalty to providing our servicemembers, veterans, and their families lodging while they address their own health care needs at medical facilities throughout northern Nevada. The Veterans Guest House is one of a kind for our great State and is an in-valuable resource to our military com-munity. The Veterans Guest House was found-ed over two decades ago when a mother and her children were found sleeping in their car while their veteran father was in the intensive care unit at the local VA Sierra Nevada Health Care System Medical Center. In the early 1990s, founders of the Veterans Guest House— Chuck Fulkerson, Dick Rhyno, Thomas Purkey, Minor Kelso, Robert Crowell, Esq., Wally Willson, Lois Crocker, David Parsons, Joseph Rooney, Charles Grundy, Jes Barbera, Don Anderson, Lew Carnahan, Ben Duncan, Jeani Hunt, Jim Martin, Manuel Muniz, Rick Sorenson, Ensio Tosolini, Joe Scamihorn, William Wood, Len Crock-er, Kit McGrath, Richard Shuster, Elaine McNeill, Rand Tanner, Chester Henry, and Ted Buchwald—realized that many veterans and their families lacked a place to stay while family members received medical treatment, and in 1994, they created the Spouse House. By 1998, the facility grew to offer five beds for veterans and their families. In 2002, the facility was officially named the Veterans Guest House, and on Veterans Day in 2004, with only pri-vate donations, the organization pur-chased and renovated a 3-story home across the street from the VA Sierra Nevada Health Care System Medical Center. This facility now accommo-dates up to 17 guests. The Veterans Guest House provides both long-term and short-term lodging to veterans and their families for various situations, including veterans receiving out-patient care, families of veterans who are hospitalized, and veterans’ imme-diate family members who are receiv-ing medical treatment as an inpatient or outpatient. In the 22 years since its inception, the Veterans Guest House has served over 55,000 nights to vet-erans, veteran spouses, and veteran families. There is no way to adequately thank the men and women that lay down their lives for our freedoms, but those at the Veterans Guest House have gone above and beyond to show their appre-ciation. I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to chief executive of-ficer Noreen Leary, the incredible staff, and the many dedicated individ-uals who volunteer at the Veterans Guest House, in addition to president Terry Tholl, vice President Monk Maim, secretary Lucy Miller, treasurer Carol Langford, and past and present members serving on the board of direc-tors. These individuals helping our ac-tive military members, veterans, and their families at the Veterans Guest House stand as shining examples of the manner in which we should respect our men and women in uniform. The un-wavering dedication of the Veterans Guest House to providing our brave men and women with a place to stay is commendable, and I am proud to honor it today. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. Equally as important, it is cru-cial that these servicemembers and their families have a place to stay while receiving quality care. I remain committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. I am very pleased that veterans service organizations like the Veterans Guest House are committed to ensuring that the needs of our veterans are being met. Today I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in recognizing the Veterans Guest House, an organization whose mission is noble and charitable. I am both humbled and honored to ac-knowledge this organization and its work to provide active military mem-bers, veterans, and thsikfamilies a safe place to stay, and I wish it the best of luck in all of its future endeavors. ∑ f 
REMEMBERING THOMAS C. SWEENEY ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, the people of Kodiak, AK, will gather on Saturday, May 7, to celebrate the life of Thomas ‘‘Tom’’ Cornelius Sweeney. Tom passed away on March 29 at the age of 84. Tom was born on February 9, 1932, in Helena, MT. He first came to Kodiak as a member of the U.S. Navy, then re-turned to work construction and mar-ried Nancy Ann Norman. Nancy’s fam-ily owned the gift and photo shop, Nor-man’s. Tom first pursued a career in law en-forcement, serving as a territorial po-liceman, detective, State trooper, and private investigator. That took Tom and Nancy to various cities in Alaska. Following the 1964 Good Friday earth-quake and tsunami, they returned to Kodiak for good. Tom and Nancy helped Nancy’s family restore Nor-man’s following the disaster. Tom pur-sued his entrepreneurial interests in oil sales, automobile sales and service, and finally insurance brokerage before re-tiring in 1996—a well-rounded career. He was equally committed to the Ko-diak community, serving as president of the Kodiak Chamber of Commerce, the Kodiak Rotary Club, and Pioneers of Alaska Igloo #18, which Tom helped reactivate in 1983. His statewide leader-ship roles included service as state commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars and chairman of the Alaska Com-mittee for Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.084 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2553 April 28, 2016 
Tom leaves behind his beloved wife of 60 years, Nancy, two sons, grand-children, great-grandchildren, and a large extended family. I join with the people of Kodiak in celebrating the life of this great Alaska pioneer. ∑ 
f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF YORK COUNTY CHILDREN’S ADVOCACY CENTER ∑Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, today I rise to congratulate the York County Children’s Advocacy Center on the celebration of their 10th anniversary. The York County Children’s Advo-cacy Center opened its doors in May of 2006 in York, PA. Since its opening, the center has stayed true to its mission ‘‘to reduce the trauma of child abuse investigations, foster professional col-laboration and cooperation, and pro-vide education and advocacy regarding the prevention of child abuse within the community.’’ Without a child advocacy center, if a child is brave enough to report abuse, that child is often required to retell and, thus, relive the abuse through multiple, repetitive interviews with child protective services, prosecutors, police, victim services, and medical and mental health providers. The inter-views often occur in places that mag-nify the child’s trauma—police sta-tions, emergency rooms, or offices of lawyers and social workers. The York Child Advocacy Center, by contrast, brings together law enforce-ment, trained interviewers, child pro-tective services, medical providers, and mental health experts in a child-friend-ly, safe house, where an abused child feels secure and only has to undergo one interview and one physical exam. As a result of the center’s tireless ef-forts, over 3,000 children have received vital services. The York County Chil-dren’s Advocacy Center has achieved many important milestones. Some of these milestones include earning full accreditation through the National Children’s Alliance, expanding their fo-rensic interviewing and forensic med-ical services, and being accepted as a United Way partner agency. Each of these milestones has allowed the York County Children’s Advocacy Center to better serve the most vulnerable in our society, our children. On behalf of the Senate, I wish to ex-press my sincere gratitude to the York County Children’s Advocacy Center as they celebrate 10 years of dedicated service to York County’s children and families.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EVA ENCINIAS- SANDOVAL ∑Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today I want to recognize a great New Mexican and a great American. Eva Encinias- Sandoval is a pioneer and a cultural icon in the world of flamenco in New Mexico. New Mexico has a long and rich cul-tural history with flamenco as one of its dynamic traditions. Flamenco is a complex art form that originated in Spain and blends influences from dif-ferent cultures. It mixes both dis-cipline and spontaneity. With sweeping, expressive arm move-ments and rhythmic stomping often ac-companied by singing or music, fla-menco is more than a form of dance. It incorporates guitar, percussion, and song as integral parts of the art form. Eva Encinias-Sandoval’s career in flamenco spans more than 40 years. Her professional expertise includes per-formance, teaching choreography, con-cert production, and direction. Eva began dancing and teaching fla-menco at a young age. Her mother, Clarita, was also a dancer, and Eva started her training at the age of 5. At age 14, Eva began teaching stu-dents in her mother’s studio, and in 1973, she formed her first flamenco dance company, Ritmo Flamenco. The following year, she enrolled in the Uni-versity of New Mexico, though the dance department did not offer fla-menco classes at the time. Eva began teaching flamenco as a single course offering at UNM in 1976. Now, the program of study includes all levels of flamenco technique and spe-cialized topics. As a result of Eva’s dedication and passion, UNM is the only institution in the country that of-fers bachelor of arts and masters of fine arts degrees with a concentration in flamenco. Eva later went on to establish the National Institute of Flamenco in 1982. NIF is a nonprofit arts organization dedicated to the preservation and ad-vancement of flamenco in the United States. With Eva’s artistic vision and guidance, the organization has ex-panded to include several thriving pro-grams, such as the Conservatory of Flamenco Arts, Festival Flamenco Internacional de Albuquerque, Alma Flamenca, and many others. Eva’s work has also helped bring re-nowned international flamenco artists from Spain and other parts of the world to study and teach in our State, adding a depth of knowledge and exper-tise to her students’ experiences. She hopes that her students will become the better artists by learning alongside the best artists. She was the first woman inducted into the Albuquerque Wall of Fame, has received three Bravo awards, and accolades from her colleagues and stu-dents. Despite the importance of these awards and honors, they are not what distinguishes Eva most. Instead, it is the example she sets in always doing her best, always giving back, and al-ways striving for excellence. Eva has changed her community as a talented dancer and teacher who has inspired countless students. She is deeply committed to her community and pays equal attention to young, less experienced dancers as more advanced students. Although the origins of flamenco are cloudy, the Encinias family is a true ‘‘flamenco family.’’ Eva’s children, Marisol and Joaquin, are both dancers. Her passion and legacy will live on through them, as well as her students who can be found at NIF, UNM, and, now, Tierra Adentro, a local charter school that incorporates flamenco into its curriculum. Our State is fortunate to have some-one like Eva Encinias-Sandoval, who not only sees the beauty of art, but also the beauty of our culture. Fla-menco will continue to grow in New Mexico thanks to her dedicated work and the love of dance she continues to share with the community. By educating mostly New Mexican students, Eva views flamenco as an op-portunity to teach our State’s youth programs relevant to whom they are as a people. Flamenco is an art form that is as unique as the artists who study it. Whether through an appreciation or dedication to the art form, Eva Encinias-Sandoval has brought fla-menco into the lives of countless New Mexicans. Her love for the art has not gone unnoticed, and I commend her for all of her accomplishments and her service to our State.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:23 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1890. An act to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal ju-risdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 699. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to update the privacy protec-tions for electronic communications infor-mation that is stored by third-party service providers in order to protect consumer pri-vacy interests while meeting law enforce-ment needs, and for other purposes. H.R. 4240. An act to require an independent review of the operation and administration of the Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB) maintained by the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation and subsets of the TSDB, and for other purposes. H.R. 4498. An act to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securi-ties law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.089 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2554 April 28, 2016 
H.R. 4923. An act to establish a process for the submission and consideration of peti-tions for temporary duty suspensions and re-ductions, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4240. An act to require an independent review of the operation and administration of the Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB) maintained by the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation and subsets of the TSDB, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. H.R. 4498. An act to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securi-ties law; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5288. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Methoxyfenozide; Pesticide Toler-ances for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9945–28–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5289. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency Acquisition Regulation (EPAAR); Institu-tional Oversight of Life Science Dual Use Research of Concern (iDURC)’’ (FRL No. 9941–86–OARM) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5290. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determinations of Attainment by the Attainment Date, Extensions of the Attain-ment Date, and Reclassification of Several Areas for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9945–17– OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5291. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Air Plan Revisions; Ari-zona; Rescissions and Corrections’’ (FRL No. 9945–78–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5292. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities; Common-wealth of Puerto Rico; Control of Emissions from Existing Sewage Sludge Incineration Units’’ (FRL No. 9945–71–Region 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5293. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Plans; Georgia; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9945–60–Region 4) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5294. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Quality Assurance Requirements for Cleaning of Fluid Systems and Associated Components of Water-Cooled Nuclear Power Plants’’ (NRC–2014–0158) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5295. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Labora-tory Investigations of Soils and Rocks for Engineering Analysis and Design of Nuclear Power Plants’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.138, Revi-sion 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5296. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medical Assessment of Licensed Operators or Appli-cants for Operator Licenses at Nuclear Power Plants’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.134, Revi-sion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5297. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Welder Qualification for Welding in Areas of Lim-ited Accessibility in Fuel Reprocessing Plants and in Plutonium Processing and Fuel Fabrication Plants’’ (NRC–2014–0069) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5298. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Preheat and Interpass Temperature Control for the Welding of Low-Alloy Steel for Use in Fuel Reprocessing Plants and in Plutonium Proc-essing and Fuel Fabrication Plants’’ (NRC– 2014–0070) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5299. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-sponse Strategies for Potential Aircraft Threats’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.124, Revision 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5300. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Com-pilation of Reporting Requirements for Per-sons Subject to NRC Regulations’’ (NRC– 2014–0144) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5301. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to U.S. support for Tai-wan’s participation as an observer at the 69th World Health Assembly and in the work of the World Health Organization; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5302. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Financial and Actuarial Information Reporting’’ (RIN1212–AB30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5303. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5304. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Bucksport/Lake Mur-ray Drag Boat Spring National, Atlantic In-tracoastal Waterway; Bucksport, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0009)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5305. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Net Positive Suction Head for Emergency Core Cooling and Containment Heat Removal Sys-tem Pumps’’ (NRC–2015–0107) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 434. A bill to strengthen the account-ability of individuals involved in misconduct affecting the integrity of background inves-tigations, to update guidelines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors providing back-ground investigation fieldwork services and investigative support services, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–246). S. 1620. A bill to reduce duplication of in-formation technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–247). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 340. A resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is committing genocide, crimes against human-ity, and war crimes, and calling upon the President to work with foreign governments and the United Nations to provide physical protection for ISIS’ targets, to support the creation of an international criminal tri-bunal with jurisdiction to punish these crimes, and to use every reasonable means, including sanctions, to destroy ISIS and dis-rupt its support networks. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 381. A resolution honoring the memory and legacy of Michael James 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.016 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2555 April 28, 2016 
Riddering and condemning the terrorist at-tacks in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso on Jan-uary 15, 2016. S. Res. 394. A resolution recognizing the 195th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States. S. Res. 418. A resolution recognizing Hafsat Abiola, Khanim Latif, Yoani Sanchez, and Akanksha Hazari for their selflessness and dedication to their respective causes, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 436. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 442. A resolution condemning the terrorist attacks in Brussels and honoring the memory of the United States citizens murdered in those attacks, and offering thoughts and prayers for all the victims, condolences to their families, resolve to sup-port the Belgian people, and the pledge to de-fend democracy and stand in solidarity with the country of Belgium and all our allies in the face of continuing terrorist attacks on freedom and liberty. By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2555. A bill to provide opportunities for broadband investment, and for other pur-poses. By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, without amendment: S. 2824. A bill to designate the Federal building housing the Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms and Explosives Head-quarters located at 99 New York Avenue N.E., Washington, D.C., as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment: S. 2845. A bill to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *Swati A. Dandekar, of Iowa, to be United States Director of the Asian Development Bank, with the rank of Ambassador. AFFIDAVIT I, Swati A. Dandekar, do swear that the in-formation provided in this statement is, to the best of my knowledge, true and accurate. Date: 12/14/2015. S
WATI A. D ANDEKAR . Dandekar, Swati Arvind Senate Foreign Relations Committee Form Item B6 Year 2015 (thru July 20, 2015) Individual/Organization, Dollars, and Level (Local, State or National): Sam Gray, $250, State Representative Elec-tions; Kumar Barve, $1500, U.S. Congress (Maryland); Iowa Democratic Party, $200 (EST), State; Dubuque County Democratic Central Committee, $60, Local. Year 2014 Iowa Democratic Party, $1,500 (EST), State; Linn Phoenix Club, $250 (EST), Local; Linn County Democratic Central Com-mittee, $100 (EST), Local; Citizens for Gronstal, $250, State. Year 2013 Iowa Senate Fund, $250, State; Daniel Lundby, $200, State; Susie Weinacht, $700, Local; First District Democrats, $130, Iowa US congress District #1; Mark Smith, $100, State; Liz Bennett, $250, State; Citizens for Gronstal, $250, State; Citizens for Jochum, $150, State; Linn Phoenix Club, $250 (EST), Local; Buchanan County Democratic Central Committee, $25, Local; Iowa Democratic Party, $1,500, State. Year 2012 Rob Hogg, $25, State; Daniel Lundby, $100, State; Linn County Democratic Central Committee, $100 (EST), Local; Linn Phoenix Club, $250 (EST), Local; Iowa Democratic Party, $1,500 (EST), State. Year 2011 Linn County Democratic Central Com-mittee, $100 (EST), Local; Linn Phoenix Club,$250 (EST), Local; Iowa Democratic Party, $1,500 (EST), State. *Adam H. Sterling, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Slovak Republic. Nominee: Adam H. Sterling. Post: Bratislava, Slovak Republic. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Elka Sterling, None; Bram Sterling, None. 4. Parents: Stanley Sterling, deceased; Glo-ria Sterling, deceased. 5. Grandparents: Albert Wolfson, deceased; Mollie Wolfson, deceased; Eddie Sterling, de-ceased; Janie Wolfson, deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Judith Gitel, $5/ month, DCCC House Democrats Act Blue; Abbie & Mark Frank, None. 
*Kelly Keiderling-Franz, of Virginia, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay. Nominee: Kelly Keiderling. Post: Uruguay. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, donee: 1. Self: $0. 2. Spouse: David W. Franz: $0. 3. Children and Spouses (not married): Katherine K. Franz: $0; Alexander K. Franz: $0. 4. Parents: Wallace E. Keiderling—de-ceased; Maria del Rosario Keiderling: $0. 5. Grandparents: Katherine Keiderling—de-ceased; Harvey Keiderling—deceased; Do-mingo Soruco—deceased; Luisa Rios de Soruco—deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Keith L. Keiderling: $0; Hedy Cyker: $0. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Casey J. Keiderling: $0; Jacques Naquet-Radiguet: $0. 
*Stephen Michael Schwartz, of Maryland, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Federal Re-public of Somalia. Nominee: Stephen Michael Schwartz. Post: Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $100, 07–13–13, Friends of Barbara Nuchereno. 2. Spouse: Kristy Doreen Cook: none. 3. Children and Spouses (Both children under 16 years of age): Hannah Hagere Schwartz: none, Jonas Randolph Schwartz: none. 4. Parents: Robert Norman Schwartz, none; Carole Lesses Schwartz—Deceased; Jean Suto Schwartz (Father’s second wife), $125, 10–22–13, Friends of Barbara Nuchereno. 5. Grandparents: Edward Idal Schwartz— Deceased; Liza Dudnik Schwartz—Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Edward A. Schwartz (brother), none; Sharon F. Schwartz (sister-in-law), none; Lewis L. Schwartz (brother), $250, 08–29–12, Obama Victory Fund 2012; $250, 08–29–12, Obama for America; Patricia Pierson Schwartz (sister- in-law), $250, 08–29–12, Obama for America; $250, 10–23–13, Friends of Barbara Nuchereno. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Barbara Schwartz Nuchereno (sister), $150, 06–07–15, Brenda FreedmanFamily Court; $400, 09–25–14, Pat-rick Gallivan/NYS Senate; $205, 07–25–13, Guy Marlette/Amherst Town Cncil; $25, 05–01–13, Amherst Century Club; $150, 03–06–13, Debra Givens/NYS Supreme Court; $580, 07–25–12, Guy Marlette/Amherst Town Cncil; $325, 05– 12–12, Amherst Republicans. Louis J. Nuchereno (brother-in-law): $250, 08–26–15, Danielle Restaino/Judge; $125, 05–29–15, Ed Rath/County Legislator; $1,000, 10–23–14, Ortt for NYS Senate; $15,260, 02–07–14, Barbara Nuchereno/Judge; $1,000, 10–22–13, Paul Wojtaszek/NYS Supr. Court; $1,000, 09–03–13, DeBlasio/NYC Mayor; $5,000, 09–11–13, Bar-bara Nuchereno/Judge; $15,000, 08–30–13, Bar-bara Nuchereno/Judge; $75, 07–26–13, Barbara Nuchereno/Judge; $10,000, 06–24–13, Barbara Nuchereno/Judge; $1,000, 06–24–13, Andrews/ State Treasurer; $250, 04–29–13, Barbara Nuchereno/Judge; $250, 02–01–13, Mary Car-ney/Erie Cnty Family Crt; $250, 06–20–12, An-drews/State Treasurer; $2,500, 06–18–12, Mitt Romney/US President; $2,500, 06–18–12, Mitt Romney/US President. *Christine Ann Elder, of Kentucky, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Liberia. Nominee: Christine A. Elder. Post: Monrovia. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, donee: 1. Self: Christine A. Elder: none, N/A, N/A. 2. Spouse (see below note): Paul R. Hughes, Jr.: $500, 3/30/11, Lofgren for Congress; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $500, 8/4/11, Friends of Roger Wicker; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $500, 11/15/11, Lofgren for Congress; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $500, 5/29/12, Anna Eshoo for Congress; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $500, 3/7/13, Anna Eshoo for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jul 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\S28AP6.REC S28AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2556 April 28, 2016 
Congress; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $1,000, 4/4/13, Lofgren for Congress; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $750, 1/15/14, Democratic Congressional Cam-paign Committee; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $500, 10/31/14, Lofgren for Congress; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $500, 3/23/15, Ready PAC; Paul R. Hughes, Jr., $500, 6/30/15, Lofgren for Con-gress. 3. Children and Spouses: Eleanor A. Hughes: none, N/A, N/A; Christopher P. Hughes: none, N/A, N/A. 4. Parents: Allen M. Elder: none, N/A, N/A; Diane L. Elder, none, N/A, N/A. 5. Grandparents: Verrill J. Cass (deceased): none, N/A, N/A; Dorothy A. Cass (deceased): none, N/A, N/A; William Elder (deceased): none, N/A, N/A; Selma Geyer (deceased): none, N/A, N/A. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Gregory A. Elder: none, N/A, N/A. 7. Sisters and Spouses: N/A: none, N/A, N/A. Note re item 2 above: My husband’s polit-ical giving record is bipartisan. Republican contributions outside the covered period in-clude: Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-VA), Rep. Lamar Smith (R–TX), Rep. Jennifer Dunn (R–WA), Longhorn PAC, Senator Orrin Hatch (R–UT), Rep. Rick White (R–WA), Rep. Frank Wolf (R–VA), and Rep. Connie Morella (R– VA). After November 2010, when his then-em-ployer Adobe hired a Republican head of DC office http://cloo.ol/Ju15uD my husband fo-cused his contributions on Democrats. 
*Elizabeth Holzhall Richard, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Leba-nese Republic. Nominee: Elizabeth Holzhall Richard. Post: Lebanon. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: (deceased). 3. Children and Spouses: N/A. 4. Parents: Vern F. Holzhall—None. Mary V. Holzhall—None. 5. Grandparents: (deceased). 6. Brothers and Spouses: Vern J. Holzhall/ Marianne Holzhall—None. John J. Holzhall/ Rosalba Sanchez Burgos—$25.00, 2012, Ron Paul. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Cheryl Sargent— None. Karen Rainier/Colin Rainier—None. 
*R. David Harden, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
*Foreign Service nomination of Victoria L. Mitchell. *Foreign Service nomination of Antonio J. Arroyave. *Foreign Service nominations beginning with Rian Harker Harris and ending with Jennifer Marie Schuett, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 15, 2016. *Foreign Service nominations beginning with Melinda L. Crowley and ending with Julie Elizabeth Zinamon, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 15, 2016. *Foreign Service nominations beginning with Nathan Seifert and ending with Joshua Burke, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 14, 2016. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Patrick A. Burke, of the District of Colum-bia, to be United States Marshal for the Dis-trict of Columbia for the term of four years. *Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. C ASEY , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. A YOTTE ): S. 2869. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve college savings under section 529 programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 2870. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to prevent retaliation in the military, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. THUNE: S. 2871. A bill to establish the position of Choice Program Ombudsman within the Of-fice of Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs to manage complaints re-garding the provision of hospital care and medical services under section 101 of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. K ING): S. 2872. A bill to require the Government Accountability Office to submit to Congress a report on neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) in the United States and its treatment under Medicaid; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 2873. A bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technology-enabled collaborative learn-ing and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 2874. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to protect the enrollment of incarcerated youth for medical assistance under the Medicaid program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Ms. A
YOTTE ): S. 2875. A bill to provide for the elimi-nation or modification of Federal reporting requirements; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2876. A bill to require the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to issue a scientifically valid and State-sup-ported recovery plan for the Mexican gray wolf; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mrs. CAPITO ): S. 2877. A bill to amend title 32, United States Code, to specify the availability of certain funds provided by the Department of Defense to States for drug interdiction and counter-drug activities; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, and Mr. B LUNT ): S. 2878. A bill to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance reli-gious freedom globally through enhanced di-plomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political re-sponses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2879. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide further tax in-centives for dependent care assistance; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. B
OXER , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 2880. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conversion therapy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. B
EN-
NET): S. 2881. A bill to authorize the Department of Labor’s voluntary protection program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C
ORNYN , and Mr. V ITTER ): S. 2882. A bill to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone stand-ards, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 2883. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the requirement of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit a report on the capacity of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide for the special-ized treatment and rehabilitative needs of disabled veterans; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. COTTON: S. 2884. A bill to address the liability of the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the lead contamination of the water sup-ply of the City of Flint, Michigan; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TILLIS: S. 2885. A bill to extend the runway at Pope Army Airfield; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 2886. A bill to reauthorize the Fisheries Restoration and Irrigation Mitigation Act of 2000; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. SULLIVAN: S. 2887. A bill to require the Missile De-fense Agency to conduct annual tests of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jul 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\S28AP6.REC S28AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2557 April 28, 2016 
ground-based midcourse defense element of the ballistic missile defense system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 2888. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry’s re-view and publication of illness and condi-tions relating to veterans stationed at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and their family members; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. 2889. A bill to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2010 to authorize an Innovation Corps; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 2890. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of Christa McAuliffe; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. K
IRK): S. 2891. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. C
RAPO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. D AINES , and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 2892. A bill to accelerate the use of wood in buildings, especially tall wood buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 2893. A bill to reauthorize the sound re-cording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 2894. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code and the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 to provide for sal-ary reductions for certain employees of a pension plan in critical or declining status that reduces participant benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 2895. A bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex of-fenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C OR-
NYN, Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 2896. A bill to eliminate the sunset date for the Veterans Choice Program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to expand eli-gibility for such program, and to extend cer-tain operating hours for pharmacies and medical facilities of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 2897. A bill to amend title 9, United States Code, with respect to arbitration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 2898. A bill to promote greater efficiency in contracting associated with the SBIR and STTR programs of the Department of De-fense; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. THUNE: S. 2899. A bill to remove Federal barriers to combating mosquito-borne transmission of the Zika virus and promote public health, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. TILLIS: S. Res. 447. A resolution designating May 1, 2016, as ‘‘National Purebred Dog Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. B
LUNT , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. D AINES , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C
ARPER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. H ATCH ): S. Res. 448. A resolution recognizing the roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States in building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. K IRK, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. B
URR, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. S COTT, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mr. W ICKER ): S. Res. 449. A resolution congratulating the students, parents, teachers, and leaders of charter schools across the United States for making ongoing contributions to education, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 17th annual National Charter Schools Week, to be held May 1 through May 7, 2016; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R
ISCH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. S COTT, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. E NZI, Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. R UBIO): S. Res. 450. A resolution honoring May 1 through May 7, 2016, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ and celebrating the con-tributions of small businesses and entre-preneurs in every community in the United States; considered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. K IRK, and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. Res. 451. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Travel and Tour-ism Week and honoring the valuable con-tributions of travel and tourism to the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. Res. 452. A resolution recognizing and supporting the goals and ideals of National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. C RAPO , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
EID, Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. Res. 453. A resolution designating April 30, 2016, as ‘‘Dia de los Ninos: Celebrating Young Americans’’; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. CAPITO: S. Res. 454. A resolution recognizing the Transportation Community Awareness and Emergency Response program on its 30th an-niversary; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. COR-
NYN, Mr. R EID, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. Res. 455. A resolution recognizing the cultural and historic significance of the Cinco de Mayo holiday; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification re-quirement for inpatient critical access hospital services. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
EN-
NET) was added as a cosponsor of S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relat-ing to the privacy of electronic com-munications. 
S. 772 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 772, a bill to secure the Federal voting rights of persons when released from incarceration. 
S. 940 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 940, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to study the feasibility of providing certain tax-payers with an optional, pre-prepared tax return, and for other purposes. 
S. 1287 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
EN-
NET) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1287, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend the program for viral hepatitis surveil-lance, education, and testing in order to prevent deaths from chronic liver disease and liver cancer, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.030 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2558 April 28, 2016 
S. 1491 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1491, a bill to provide sen-sible relief to community financial in-stitutions, to protect consumers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Fili-pino veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1631 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1631, a bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify certain provisions relating to multiemployer pensions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1830 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1830, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family therapist services and mental health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1852 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1852, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to en-sure health insurance coverage con-tinuity for former foster youth. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2123, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional insti-tutions, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. D
URBIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2123, supra. 
S. 2175 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. SCHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2175, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2289 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2289, a bill to modernize and improve the Family Unification Pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 2292 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2292, a bill to reform laws relating to small public housing agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2454 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2454, a bill to limit the period of au-thorization of new budget authority provided in appropriation Acts, to re-quire analysis, appraisal, and evalua-tion of existing programs for which continued new budget authority is pro-posed to be authorized by committees of Congress, and for other purposes. 
S. 2478 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2478, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to provide for the purchase of paper United States savings bonds with tax refunds. 
S. 2487 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2487, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to iden-tify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women vet-erans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2540, a bill to provide access to coun-sel for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable populations. 
S. 2557 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2557, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to repeal the sus-pension of eligibility for grants, loans, and work assistance for drug-related offenses. 
S. 2566 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2566, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide sexual assault survivors with certain rights, and for other purposes. S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2621 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2621, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with re-spect to genetically engineered food transparency and uniformity. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ON-
NELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2707 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2707, a bill to re-quire the Secretary of Labor to nullify the proposed rule regarding defining and delimiting the exemptions for ex-ecutive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, to require the Secretary of Labor to conduct a full and complete economic analysis with improved economic data on small businesses, nonprofit employ-ers, Medicare or Medicaid dependent health care providers, and small gov-ernmental jurisdictions, and all other employers, and minimize the impact on such employers, before promulgating any substantially similar rule, and to provide a rule of construction regard-ing the salary threshold exemption under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2736, a bill to improve ac-cess to durable medical equipment for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medi-care program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2740 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2740, a bill to prohibit the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to state sponsors of terrorism. 
S. 2758 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2758, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove consid-eration of certain pain-related issues from calculations under the Medicare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.033 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2559 April 28, 2016 
hospital value-based purchasing pro-gram, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. J
OHNSON , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 2758, supra. 
S. 2759 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2759, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a non-refundable credit for working family caregivers. 
S. 2772 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2772, a bill to eliminate the re-quirement that veterans pay a copay-ment to the Department of Veterans Affairs to receive opioid antagonists or education on the use of opioid antago-nists. 
S. 2787 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2787, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide the same level of Federal matching as-sistance for every State that chooses to expand Medicaid coverage to newly eligible individuals, regardless of when such expansion takes place. 
S. 2794 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2794, a bill to establish a process for the submission and consideration of peti-tions for temporary duty suspensions and reductions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2803 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2803, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to deposit certain funds into the general fund of the Treasury in accordance with provi-sions of Federal law with regard to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s Transitional Reinsurance Pro-gram. 
S. 2825 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2825, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to require compliance with domestic source requirements for footwear furnished to enlisted members of the Armed Forces upon their initial entry into the Armed Forces. 
S. 2830 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2830, a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for a school and child care lead testing grant program. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. GRAHAM ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2835, a bill to amend the National Dam Safety Program Act to establish a program to provide grant assistance for the reha-bilitation and repair of high hazard po-tential dams, and for other purposes. 
S. 2840 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2840, a bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. C
ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Sen-ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2840, supra. 
S. 2843 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2843, a bill to provide emergency supplemental appropria-tions to address the Zika crisis. 
S. 2849 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Sen-ator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALD-
WIN) were added as cosponsors of S. 2849, a bill to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate ac-cess to information. 
S. 2850 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2850, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 33 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Ar-izona (Mr. F
LAKE ) were added as co-sponsors of S.J. Res. 33, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor re-lating to the definition of the term ‘‘fi-duciary’’ and the conflict of interest rule with respect to retirement invest-ment advice. 
S. RES. 340 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 340, a resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the so-called Is-lamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is committing genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, and calling upon the President to work with foreign governments and the United Nations to provide physical protection for ISIS’ targets, to support the creation of an international crimi-nal tribunal with jurisdiction to punish these crimes, and to use every reason-able means, including sanctions, to de-stroy ISIS and disrupt its support net-works. S. RES. 373 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 373, a resolution rec-ognizing the historical significance of Executive Order 9066 and expressing the sense of the Senate that policies that discriminate against any indi-vidual based on the actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, or reli-gion of that individual would be a rep-etition of the mistakes of Executive Order 9066 and contrary to the values of the United States. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 432, a resolution supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclu-sive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 436 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 436, a resolution supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day. 
S. RES. 442 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 442, a resolution con-demning the terrorist attacks in Brus-sels and honoring the memory of the United States citizens murdered in those attacks, and offering thoughts and prayers for all the victims, condo-lences to their families, resolve to sup-port the Belgian people, and the pledge to defend democracy and stand in soli-darity with the country of Belgium and all our allies in the face of continuing terrorist attacks on freedom and lib-erty. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3862 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OL-
LINS) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3862 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2028, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3873 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3873 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2028, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.035 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2560 April 28, 2016 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, his name was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 3873 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2028, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. TILLIS: S. 2885. A bill to extend the runway at Pope Army Airfield; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, when it comes to projecting America’s power, I have said many times that North Caro-lina is the tip of the American spear. When our country calls, it is a safe bet that the first responders will be U.S. Marines from Camp Lejeune or our paratroopers of the 18th Airborne sta-tioned at Fort Bragg. The 18th Airborne is America’s Glob-al Response Force. When called, units of the 18th Airborne can be anywhere in the world within 48 hours. Because of this unique mission—unique to Fort Bragg and the 18th Airborne—Pope Army Airfield is the busiest tactical airfield in the Armed Forces. Unfortunately, Pope is also home of the shortest runway in the Army. If the 18th Airborne is put on alert, C–5 and C–17 aircraft are needed to launch the force, and they cannot depart fully fueled with a full load of paratroopers and equipment off of the airfield. The current Pope Army Airfield runway provides only 8,500 feet for takeoff; however, to take off, the C–17 needs a minimum of 10,500 feet and the C–5 re-quires 11,500 feet. The Air Force’s air refueling fleet is already stressed. The C–17s and C–5s used to carry out the Global Response Force missions have to leave Pope Army Airfield with full equipment and paratroopers but only about 60 percent of their fuel capacity. This requires them to go either to Charleston, SC, or Gander, Newfoundland, to get refueled so they can continue their mission. One refueling stop for an airlift coming out of Pope at Gander, Newfoundland, costs $17,000 per hour. If 53 aircraft— roughly the number required to outload the heaviest brigade combat team—have to refuel at Gander, it costs about $2 million one-way because they can’t be fully loaded when they take off from Pope Army Airfield. This refueling stop also adds 2.5 more hours to the time on the mission, and the mission objective is to be anywhere in the world in 48 hours. Prior to the last round of BRAC, ex-tending the Pope runway to accommo-date fully loaded C–17 and C–5 aircraft was Air Mobility Command’s No. 1 air-field project, and the U.S. Air Force said it was their No. 2 project. How-ever, this has fallen off the Army’s pri-ority list, and I am not really sure why. Extending the Pope runway to ac-commodate the airlift requirements of the Global Response Force and the 18th Airborne Corps is a national strategic priority. Therefore, I will be offering an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act during markup that requires the Army to report to the Sen-ate their plans to extend the runway at Pope and whether it is the top priority for the Army. I think our paratroopers and crews need to know this. I know our taxpayers need to know this. And, more than anything, I want to make sure that when we deploy the proud men and women from the Green Ramp of Pope Army Airfield, we do it loaded and ready to go wherever they need to go in the United States or around the world. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 2886. A bill to reauthorize the Fisheries Restoration and Irrigation Mitigation Act of 2000; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am introducing the Reauthorization of the Fisheries Restoration and Irriga-tion Mitigation Act of 2000, also re-ferred to as FRIMA. This Act was es-tablished to support healthy fish popu-lations while simultaneously allowing for continued water diversions for irri-gation and other uses in the Pacific Northwest. I championed this pro-gram’s last reauthorization in 2009, and I can say with certainty that the press-ing need for FRIMA has not gone away. Throughout the Pacific Northwest there is a critical need for projects that improve fish passage without compro-mising important water diversion needs for agriculture and other uses. The sustainable coexistence of contin-ued water diversions and healthy fish populations can be achieved through a number of interventions, such as in-stallation of fish screens, removal of fish passage barriers, and carrying out inventories to better understand needs and priorities. The technology and the knowledge needed to carry out these projects are at our finger tips; the means, however, is not. That is why FRIMA is such an impor-tant program for the Pacific North-west. The act, overseen by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, provides a Federal cost-share on the order of 65 percent to fund fish passage and fish screen projects at water diversion and irrigation sites in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and western Montana. This vol-untary cost-shared program authorizes $25 million in Federal funds, to be equally shared among the 4 States, that can be leveraged to make these es-sential projects to improve fish passage and install fish screens come to fru-ition. FRIMA has a history of dem-onstrated success in Oregon and throughout the Pacific Northwest. Ac-cording to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, 127 projects have been funded through FRIMA to date. These projects have reopened more than 1,130 miles of habitat to fish passage. In total, 56 fish passage barriers have been removed, 130 water diversion sites have been screened, and 18 fish passage evalua-tions have been completed. This pro-gram has led to multiple accomplish-ments for communities in the Pacific Northwest, but there are still tens of thousands of unscreened water diver-sions in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and western Montana. There is still work to be done, and FRIMA could pro-vide the means to continue to make a difference for sustainable fisheries and water management. At its core, FRIMA is centered on the concept of collaboration. This is a pro-gram borne through bi-partisan and multi-sectoral support. FRIMA is em-braced by water users, farmers, fish-eries managers and conservation orga-nizations alike. The economic and eco-logical integrity of our region depends on resilient fisheries and sustainable management of water resources, and FRIMA offers a means to concurrently make positive strides in sustainably managing both our water diversions and our treasured fishery resources. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2886 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE FISH-ERIES RESTORATION AND IRRIGA-TION MITIGATION ACT OF 2000. 
Section 10(a) of the Fisheries Restoration and Irrigation Mitigation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 777 note; Public Law 106–502) is amended by striking ‘‘2009 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘ 2017 through 2024’’. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 2893. A bill to reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I am introducing The Library of Congress Sound Recording and Film Preservation Programs Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016. I am pleased to have Senator L
EAHY as a cosponsor. This bill would reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress through fiscal year 2026. The current authorization sunsets in September 2016. In addition to reau-thorizing the programs, the bill would increase the National Recording Pres-ervation Foundation’s number of board members and place a cap on Federal matching funds similar to what is cur-rently required of the National Film Preservation Foundation. Congress created the National Film Preservation Board in 1988 and the Na-tional Film Preservation Foundation in 1996 to help save historically signifi-cant American films for the benefit of the public. In 2000, Congress created the National Recording Preservation Board and the National Recording Preservation Foundation to help save 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.037 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2561 April 28, 2016 
historically important American sound recordings. The two boards advise the Librarian of Congress on national preservation planning policy, helping the Library develop and disseminate preservation and production standards for at-risk works. In addition, the Film Board se-lects films of importance to cinema and America’s cultural and artistic his-tory for the National Film Registry, while the Recording Board selects sound recordings which have been rec-ognized for their cultural, artistic and/ or historical significance to American society and the Nation’s audio legacy for the National Recording Registry. The two foundations are the private sector charitable affiliates of the Boards. They raise funds and distribute them to archives throughout the U.S. The Library’s Federal match is used for small grants to archives, edu-cational institutions, museums and local historical societies with small film and sound recording collections in need of preservation. A requirement of the grants is that recipients make these works available to researchers, educators and the general public. These programs have allowed the Li-brary of Congress, in collaboration with a wide range of industry organiza-tions, no-profit libraries and archives, preservation organizations, artist guilds, educators and academics, to collect and preserve at-risk films and recordings all over the country. My State of Iowa has benefitted di-rectly from these programs. For exam-ple, the National Film Preservation Foundation has provided grants to pre-serve films held in Iowa institutions, including Coe College, Council Bluffs Public Library, Davenport Public Li-brary, Herbert Hoover Presidential Li-brary-Museum, Iowa State University American Archives of the Factual Film, and the University of Iowa. In addition, a number of Iowa-related items are preserved in the Library of Congress Packard Campus audio-visual collection, including copies of Iowa Public Radio and Public Television items from the American Archive of Public Broadcasting. Iowa constituents have contacted my office about their support for the reau-thorization of these programs. For ex-ample, I heard from Ben Johnson, Sup-port Service Librarian at the Council Bluffs Public Library, Jill Jack, Direc-tor of Library Services, College Archi-vist and Associate Professor at Coe College, Tanya Zanish-Belcher, Direc-tor of Special Collection & Archives at Wake Forest University, and David McCartney, University Archivist at the University of Iowa, about the value of these programs to local libraries and historical societies, and how their or-ganizations were in the possession of materials that were able to be saved with the help of these programs. According to Mr. Johnson, the Coun-cil Bluffs Public Library received a grant to preserve a 1930s silent film en-titled Man Power, which had been cre-ated ‘‘to boost the local economy by luring businesses to Council Bluffs. This historic film sat in our archives for over 80 years, unwatched and dete-riorating over time. With the help of the [National Film Preservation Fund], we were able to preserve and digitize this wonderful time capsule of our local history. Thanks to the [National Film Preservation Foundation], this lost piece of history has been viewed hundreds of times and is now safe from decay and available for the public.’’ Mr. Johnson wrote, ‘‘Did you know Council Bluffs Iowa had the first elec-tric Streetcar system in the country? As a result of this grant we were able to see, for the first time, real, moving images of Council Bluffs from back when it was a major rail hub. I have no doubt that without support from the [National Film Preservation Founda-tion], vital pieces of local history would be lost forever.’’ Ms. Jack wrote, ‘‘Coe College re-ceived grants to preserve two films that depict campus life in the 1930s and 1960s. Once these historically rich films were preserved more than 170 people at-tended a screening of the films. Thanks to that event, the college was able to raise funds from alumni to preserve a third campus film from 1972. The public funding from the [National Film Pres-ervation Foundation] helped us not only share our history with the public but also generated financial support from the community. Since posting the films on our website students, faculty and the public have viewed the films using them in academic and public his-tory research.’’ According to a statement from Ms. Zanish-Belcher, who managed the Na-tional Film Preservation Foundation film grant when she was Head of the Special Collections Department at Iowa State University, ‘‘[t]hanks to the National Film Preservation Foun-dation, NFPF, Iowa State University was able to preserve and make acces-sible an important group of films docu-menting the Rath Packing Company of Cedar Rapids, Iowa. As the Head of the Special Collections Department at Iowa State at the time, I oversaw the preservation of these fragile nitrate films from the 1930s. Without support from the NFPF, these important visual documents of Iowa History would have been lost. The NFPF continues to help regional archives throughout the coun-try, helping to save more than 2,230 films and collections in all 50 states. While most film preservation efforts focus on the Hollywood product, the NFPF is the only agency devoted to helping organizations like Iowa State University preserve films in their col-lections that would otherwise deterio-rate and go unseen. These films provide important historical documentation depicting local and regional business, groups, and organizations of interest to both Iowa constituents and U.S. citi-zens.’’ According to a letter from Mr. McCartney, the University of Iowa re-ceived funds to preserve a number of films significant to Iowa history, in-cluding ‘‘a set of student-produced dance films (1939) believed to be the oldest thesis films of their type in the nation. Another noteworthy project is Iowa State’s Rath Packing Company Collection (ca. 1933), a group of depres-sion era films documenting the largest meatpacking company in the country. The films show the Rath test kitchen, packing plant operations, and adver-tising efforts. Thanks to a [National Film Preservation Foundation] grant, this collection is now available for scholars and historians.’’ I appreciate the fact that these Li-brary of Congress programs have placed a special emphasis on assisting small and local projects that would otherwise have been lost or overlooked. Local libraries and historical societies have been helped by the National Film Preservation Foundation to rescue films that, according to Mr. Johnson, Ms. Jack and Mr. McCartney, ‘‘aren’t Hollywood features but regional films and newsreels that document our his-tory and culture.’’ According to Ms. Jack, ‘‘we and other Iowa organiza-tions have hundreds of other culturally and historically significant films that need preservation work to survive. These document the history of our state [of Iowa] from its earliest years to present time.’’ So the biggest value that I see of these programs is that they boost smaller archives with few resources to protect their collections, and they provide smaller organizations with a path to learn about film preser-vation and successful production stand-ards. These programs are an invaluable partner to these small and local orga-nizations in their efforts to save Amer-ica’s moving picture and sound record-ing heritage. It is important to foster an environ-ment that encourages the preservation of our nation’s cultural resources, and films and music are a big part of the American experience. As such, vulner-able motion pictures and sound record-ings of historic and cultural signifi-cance should be protected from disinte-gration and decay. I understand that many of these works already have been lost and that others are deteriorating rapidly. I am a history buff, so I am in-spired when I see works that depict our American heritage—and especially life in Iowa and rural America—saved for future generations. We need to safe-guard these precious items so they are not lost and so that generations of Americans to come can appreciate and learn about their historical and cre-ative roots in both film and sound re-cordings. Many of these works are unique and rare, so I am pleased to sup-port the Library of Congress programs and their effort to assist organizations all across the 50 States to preserve these treasures for students, research-ers and the general public. I look forward to swift action on this bill so that it can be enacted before these programs sunset at the end of September. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.043 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2562 April 28, 2016 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill and let-ters of support be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2893 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Library of Congress Sound Recording and Film Preser-vation Programs Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SOUND RECORDING PRESERVATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) N ATIONAL RECORDING PRESERVATION  B
OARD .—Section 133 of the National Record-ing Preservation Act of 2000 (2 U.S.C. 1743) is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2026’’. (b) N
ATIONAL RECORDING PRESERVATION  F
OUNDATION .— (1) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 152411(a) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2016 an amount not to exceed’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2026 an amount not to exceed the lesser of $750,000 or’’. (2) N
UMBER OF MEMBERS OF BOARD OF DIREC -
TORS .—Section 152403(b)(2) of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘nine directors’’ and inserting ‘‘12 directors’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘six directors’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘8 directors’’. 
SEC. 3. FILM PRESERVATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) N ATIONAL FILMPRESERVATION BOARD .— Section 112 of the National Film Preserva-tion Act of 1996 (2 U.S.C. 179v) is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘through fiscal year 2026’’. (b) N
ATIONAL FILMPRESERVATION FOUNDA -
TION.—Section 151711(a)(1)(C) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2026’’. 
NOVEMBER 19, 2015. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR GRASSLEY : I write to ask your support for reauthorization of the Na-tional Film Preservation Foundation (NFPF), the grant-giving public charity set up by Congress in 1996 to help save America’s film heritage. I understand that the NFPF’s reauthorization comes before the Senate this session. In Iowa we benefit directly from the pro-grams of the NFPF. The University of Iowa has received funds from the foundation to preserve several films significant to Iowa history. These include a set of student-pro-duced dance films (1939) believed to be the oldest thesis films of their type in the na-tion. Another noteworthy project is Iowa State’s Rath Packing Company Collection (ca. 1933), a group of depression-era films documenting the largest meatpacking com-pany in the country. The films show the Rath test kitchen, packing plant operations, and advertising efforts. Thanks to an NFPF grant, this collection is now available for scholars and historians. The Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum, Coe College, Davenport Public Library, and Council Bluffs Public Library also received grants to preserve films from the NFPF. We and other Iowa organizations have hundreds of other culturally and his-torically significant films that need preser-vation work to survive. These document the history of our state from its earliest years to present time. Thanks to the National Film Preservation Foundation we have made important progress on saving this important material. To date the NFPF has helped rescue more than 2,600 films from all 50 states and these aren’t Hollywood features but regional films and newsreels that document our history and culture. The NFPF has been very effective since it started operations in 1997. I urge you to sup-port their work. With additional funding the National Film Preservation Foundation can continue to work with organizations like the University of Iowa to save America’s herit-age. I would be happy to speak with your staff if you have any questions. Please phone, email or write if I can provide addi-tional information. Best wishes, DAVID MCCARTNEY . 
APRIL 21, 2016. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR GRASSLEY : I write to ask your support for reauthorization of the Na-tional Film Preservation Foundation, the grant-giving public charity set up by Con-gress in 1996 to help save America’s film her-itage. I understand that the NFPF’s reau-thorization comes before the Senate this ses-sion. In Iowa we have benefitted directly from the programs of the National Film Preserva-tion Foundation. Coe College received grants to preserve two films that depict campus life in the 1930s and 1960s. Once these historically rich films were preserved more than 170 peo-ple attended a screening of the films. Thanks to that event, the college was able to raise funds from alumni to preserve a third cam-pus film from 1972. The public funding from the NFPF helped us not only share our his-tory with the public but also generated fi-nancial support from the community. Since posting the films on our website students, faculty and the public have viewed the films using them in academic and public history research. The Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum, Davenport Public Library, Council Bluffs Public Library, and Iowa State University also received grants to pre-serve films from the NFPF. We and other Iowa organizations have hundreds of other culturally and historically significant films that need preservation work to survive. These document the history of our state from its earliest years to present time. The NFPF has been very effective since it started operations in 1997. To date the NFPF has helped rescue more than 2,600 films from all 50 states and these aren’t Hollywood fea-tures but regional films and newsreels that document our history and culture. I urge you to support their work. With additional fund-ing the National Film Preservation Founda-tion can continue to work with organiza-tions like the University of Iowa to save America’s heritage. Best wishes, J
ILLJACK. 
NOVEMBER 19, 2015. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR GRASSLEY : I write to ask your support for reauthorization of the Na-tional Film Preservation Foundation (NFPF), the grant-giving public charity set up by Congress in 1996 to help save America’s film heritage. I understand that the NFPF’s reauthorization comes before the Senate this session. In 2012 Council Bluffs Public Library re-ceived a grant to preserve Man Power, a 1930 silent film created to boost the local econ-omy by luring businesses to Council Bluffs. This historic film sat in our archives for over 80 years, unwatched and deteriorating over time. With the help of the NFPF, we were able to preserve and digitize this wonderful time capsule of our local history. Thanks to the NFPF, this lost piece of history has been viewed hundreds of times and is now safe from decay and available for the public. Did you know Council Bluffs Iowa had the first electric Streetcar system in the coun-try? As a result of this grant we were able to see, for the first time, real, moving images of Council Bluffs from back when it was a major rail hub. I have no doubt that without support from the NFPF, vital pieces of local history would be lost forever. Thanks to the National Film Preservation Foundation, we and other local libraries and historical societies have been able to save important films that would otherwise be overlooked. To date the NFPF has helped rescue more than 2,600 films from all 50 states and these aren’t Hollywood features but regional films and newsreels that docu-ment our history and culture. The NFPF has been very effective since it started operations in 1997. They assist not only the largest film archives in the country, but also provide a path for smaller organiza-tions to learn about film preservation and protect their collections. I urge you to sup-port their work. With additional funding the National Film Preservation Foundation can continue to work with organizations like Council Bluffs Public Library to save Amer-ica’s heritage. Thank you for your time and please be in touch if you have any questions. Best wishes, BENJOHNSON . 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, two days ago, we recognized World IP Day, cele-brating the profound contributions that artists and inventors make to our culture and beyond. The theme of this year’s World IP Day was Digital Cre-ativity: Culture Reimagined, and events around the world focused on how to promote and protect creative efforts in the digital age. As we look forward to new and innovative digital creations we must also be vigilant in preserving the past. We must ensure that the films and recordings that played vital roles in shaping and recording the American experience are preserved for future generations. Those works, created by previous generations, tell us who we are, and who we were, as a society. To help ensure that these records of our history, our dreams, and our aspira-tions can be viewed and appreciated by future generations, I am joining with Senator G
RASSLEY to introduce legisla-tion reauthorizing the Library of Con-gress sound recording and film preser-vation programs. Congress has long recognized the im-portance of cultural preservation, cre-ating the National Film Preservation Program in 1988 and the National Sound Recording Preservation Pro-gram in 2000 within the Library of Con-gress. Both programs help preserve his-torical and cultural artifacts that would otherwise disappear or be de-stroyed through the passage of time. The Library of Congress uses the pro-grams to advance important preserva-tion efforts including recognizing films 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.043 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2563 April 28, 2016 
and sound recordings on the National Film and National Recording Reg-istries. The programs also created the feder-ally chartered National Film and Na-tional Recording Preservation Founda-tions. The foundations provide grants to a wide array of educational and non- profit organizations to preserve films and sound recordings. To date, the Na-tional Film Preservation Foundation has given grants to organizations in all 50 States, including to Hildene, the Lincoln Family Home in Manchester, Vermont, which used the money to pre-serve home movies of Robert Todd Lin-coln’s descendants from the 1920s to the 1940s. Well over 2000 films, many of which can now be viewed online, have been preserved through the Founda-tion’s grants. Among the preserved films is the earliest feature film shot in Vermont, ‘‘A Vermont Romance’’ from 1916. By reauthorizing these important programs through 2027, this legislation will allow the Library of Congress and the Foundations to continue their im-portant work in preserving America’s fading treasures, as well as providing grants that will help libraries, muse-ums, and archives preserve these works and make them available for study and research. I urge my colleagues to act swiftly to pass this legislation. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that a letter of support the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NORTHEAST HISTORIC FILM, Bucksport, ME, April 20, 2016. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR LEAHY : Founded in 1986, Northeast Historic Film has built the largest existing collection of moving images docu-menting the history and heritage of northern New England. And since the founding of the National Film Preservation Foundation, the NFPF has been the largest and most impor-tant source of funds for preserving these works. The preserved films include A Vermont Ro-mance (1916), the earliest feature film shot in Vermont; film documentation of the 1927 flood; textile mill owners and workers in Maine; the home movies of Charles Norman Shay, a Penobscot Indian elder who is a decorated veteran of the D-Day invasion; Provincetown, Massachusetts, in 1915; a 4–H club in 1946; a tuberculosis sanitarium in 1934, and over two dozen other examples of community life and activity in the region. Communications with colleagues in ar-chives around the country inform us of the crucial significance of National Film Preser-vation Foundation funding. Moving image repositories from coast to coast benefit from NFPF grants. The dedicated staff, which effi-ciently shepherds NFPF financial resources, has ensured that our nation’s heritage will continue to be available for study and enjoy-ment. We are grateful to you and NFPF’s friends in Congress for help in the past—and for as-sistance with the upcoming reauthorization. Our film heritage depends on it. Sincerely, D
AVID WEISSand K ARAN SHELDON , Founders, Northeast Historic Film. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 2895. A bill to extend the civil stat-ute of limitations for victims of Fed-eral sex offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to introduce the Extending Justice for Sex Crime Victims Act, which is a bill to extend the time for child sexual abuse victims to seek justice against their perpetrators. I would like to thank Senator C
OR-
NYN for working closely with me on this important issue. Tragically, all over the country, vic-tims of sexual abuse are coming for-ward to tell their stories of abuse and exploitation at the height of their in-nocence when they were children. Several from California, for example, have contacted my office, and de-scribed with great courage their pain and anguish. Each of these individual stories rep-resents an untold amount of pain and suffering. When you look at the num-bers, you cannot help but feel dev-astated. Indeed, the numbers reveal that no one is too far removed from being af-fected by deplorable crimes committed against children. Studies indicate that at least one in four girls and about one in five boys is sexually abused. It has been estimated that 90 percent of child victims never go to the au-thorities concerning their abuse. For many of these children, coming to grips with the trauma is extraor-dinarily difficult. Several research studies have de-scribed in painstaking detail the long- term effects that affect the physical, emotional, cognitive, and social devel-opment of abuse victims and sex traf-ficking victims. Those who are victimized when they are children typically do not come for-ward with their abuse—if at all—until many years later, after the victims reach adulthood. Simply put, the bill extends the civil statute of limitations in two ways for minor victims of Federal sex crimes— because these victims often need more time to realize the harm they have suf-fered and to seek redress. First, the bill extends the statute of limitations until the age of 28—from age 21—for minor victims of particular offenses, such as sexual abuse and child pornography. This brings the statute of limitations in line with a similar law that provides a civil remedy for victims of sex traf-ficking. The two laws are sections 2255 and 1595 of Title 18. This provision was recently included, at my request, in the Adam Walsh Re-authorization Act of 2016, which the Judiciary Committee approved unani-mously weeks ago. Second, for the laws that provide civil remedies for sex abuse and sex trafficking victims, the bill clarifies when the statute of limitations begins to run. The bill would clarify that, for both laws providing civil remedies for these victims, the time for a victim to bring a claim against the perpetrator would not begin to run until after the victim actually discovers the injury or the violation. This is significant because victims of sex crimes are sometimes abused even before they can remember the abuse— some as young as 3-years old. The bill therefore clarifies that the time for a victim to sue her perpe-trator does not begin to run when the violation occurs, but rather when the victim first discovers the injury or the violation. This is also important because vic-tims of child pornography—who are also sexually abused—may not even ‘‘discover’’ that their illegal, porno-graphic images are being distributed over the internet and elsewhere until later in life. The bill therefore ensures that minor victims have an extended period to seek justice against their perpetrators after discovering their injury or viola-tion. Under current law, it is unclear from court opinions when victims must bring their claims, and Congress must make clear it has always intended these victims to have an opportunity to come forward and seek redress. I want to thank Senator C
ORNYN  again for working so closely with me on this issue. I also want to acknowledge the sup-port for this bill from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren, the National Center for Victims of Crime, and the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 447—DESIG-NATING MAY 1, 2016, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL PUREBRED DOG DAY’’ Mr. TILLIS submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 447 Whereas the human-canine bond predates history and individuals have enjoyed the companionship and assistance of dogs since the dawn of civilization; Whereas dog ownership has existed in all cultures, races, climates, and economic situ-ations; Whereas more than 350 dog breeds exist worldwide, and more than 180 breeds are rec-ognized by the American Kennel Club; Whereas purebred dogs and breeders of purebred dogs have played a crucial role in United States history, dating to colonial times, during which George Washington had a foxhound breeding program, which estab-lished the American Foxhound breed; Whereas responsible breeders of purebred dogs dedicate their lives to improving the health and well-being of dogs and preserving unique breeds of dogs; Whereas purebred dogs were created to work alongside humans, and provide ines-timable service as— (1) search and rescue dogs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.048 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2564 April 28, 2016 
(2) service dogs; (3) disease detection dogs; (4) police dogs; (5) conservation dogs; (6) livestock guardians; (7) therapy dogs; and (8) companions and guardians of families, homes, and property; Whereas purebred dogs provide unparal-leled service to the disabled as guide and service dogs, and are the choice of leading service dog breeding programs because of the heritable intelligence, and desirable and pre-dictable qualities, of purebred dogs; Whereas purebred military working dogs serve alongside the men and women of the United States Armed Forces in combat and in peacetime; Whereas breed instinct enables purebred dogs to readily serve as— (1) avalanche dogs; (2) trackers and trailers; (3) herders; (4) controllers of vermin; (5) water rescuers; (6) carting and sled dogs; (7) retrievers; (8) protectors; (9) hunters; and (10) bird dogs; Whereas the first ‘‘National Purebred Dog Day’’ was established on May 1, 2015; Whereas millions of individuals, through social media and other avenues, recognize May 1 each year as ‘‘National Purebred Dog Day’’ and desire, on May 1, to expressly rec-ognize the contributions of the purebred dog; and Whereas individuals value all dogs, regard-less of the ancestry of the dogs, and espe-cially cherish a purpose-bred dog and the predictability of each respective breed of purpose-bred dog: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates May 1, 2016, as ‘‘National Purebred Dog Day’’ in celebration of pure-bred dogs and the many service and com-panion benefits purebred dogs have and con-tinue to provide to the United States; and (2) honors the dedicated and responsible breeders who work to preserve and advance their breeds and responsible dog ownership throughout the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 448—RECOG-NIZING THE ROLES AND CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE TEACHERS OF THE UNITED STATES IN BUILDING AND ENHANCING THE CIVIC, CULTURAL, AND ECO-NOMIC WELL-BEING OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. B
LUNT , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. D AINES , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 448 Whereas education and knowledge form the foundation of the current and future strength of the United States; Whereas teachers and other education staff have earned and deserve the respect of their students and communities for the selfless dedication of the teachers and staff to com-munity service and the futures of the chil-dren of the United States; Whereas the purposes of National Teacher Appreciation Week, held from May 2, 2016, through May 6, 2016, are to raise public awareness of the unquantifiable contribu-tions of teachers and to promote greater re-spect and understanding for the teaching profession; and Whereas students, schools, communities, and a number of organizations representing educators are hosting teacher appreciation events in recognition of National Teacher Appreciation Week: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) thanks the teachers of the United States; and (2) promotes the profession of teaching by encouraging students, parents, school admin-istrators, and public officials to participate in teacher appreciation events during Na-tional Teacher Appreciation Week. f SENATE RESOLUTION 449—CON-GRATULATING THE STUDENTS, PARENTS, TEACHERS, AND LEADERS OF CHARTER SCHOOLS ACROSS THE UNITED STATES FOR MAKING ONGOING CON-TRIBUTIONS TO EDUCATION, AND SUPPORTING THE IDEALS AND GOALS OF THE 17TH ANNUAL NATIONAL CHARTER SCHOOLS WEEK, TO BE HELD MAY 1 THROUGH MAY 7, 2016 Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. K IRK, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. B
URR, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. P ERDUE , and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 449 Whereas charter schools are public schools that do not charge tuition and enroll any student who wants to attend, often through a random lottery when the demand for en-rollment is outmatched by the supply of available charter school seats; Whereas high-performing public charter schools deliver a high-quality public edu-cation and challenge all students to reach the students’ potential for academic success; Whereas public charter schools promote in-novation and excellence in public education; Whereas public charter schools throughout the United States provide millions of fami-lies with diverse and innovative educational options for children of the families; Whereas high-performing public charter schools and charter management organiza-tions are increasing student achievement and attendance rates at institutions of high-er education; Whereas public charter schools are author-ized by a designated entity and— (1) respond to the needs of communities, families, and students in the United States; and (2) promote the principles of quality, ac-countability, choice, high-performance, and innovation; Whereas, in exchange for flexibility and autonomy, public charter schools are held accountable by the authorizers of the char-ter schools for improving student achieve-ment and for sound financial and operational management; Whereas public charter schools are re-quired to meet the student achievement ac-countability requirements under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) in the same man-ner as traditional public schools; Whereas public charter schools often set higher expectations for students, beyond the requirements of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), to ensure that the charter schools are of high quality and truly accountable to the public; Whereas 43 States and the District of Co-lumbia have enacted laws authorizing public charter schools; Whereas, as of the 2015–2016 school year, more than 6,800 public charter schools served more than 2,900,000 children; Whereas enrollment in public charter schools grew from 400,000 students in 2001 to 2,900,000 students in 2016, a sixfold increase in 15 years; Whereas in the United States— (1) in 160 school districts, more than 10 per-cent of public school students are enrolled in public charter schools; and (2) in 14 school districts, at least 30 percent of public school students are enrolled in pub-lic charter schools; Whereas public charter schools improve the achievement of students enrolled in the charter schools and collaborate with tradi-tional public schools to improve public edu-cation for all students; Whereas public charter schools— (1) give parents the freedom to choose pub-lic schools; (2) routinely measure parental satisfaction levels; and (3) must prove the ongoing success of the charter schools to parents, policymakers, and the communities served by the charter schools or risk closure; Whereas a 2015 report from the Center for Research on Education Outcomes at Stan-ford University found significant improve-ments for students at urban charter schools, and compared to peers of traditional public schools, each year those students completed the equivalent of 28 more days of learning in reading and 40 more days of learning in math; Whereas parental demand for charter schools is high, and there was an estimated 9 percent growth in charter school enroll-ment between fall 2014 and fall 2105; and Whereas the 17th annual National Charter Schools Week is scheduled to be celebrated the week of May 1 through May 7, 2016: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the students, families, teachers, leaders, and staff of public charter schools across the United States for— (A) making ongoing contributions to pub-lic education; (B) making impressive strides in closing the academic achievement gap in schools in the United States, particularly in schools with some of the most disadvantaged stu-dents in both rural and urban communities; and (C) improving and strengthening the public school system throughout the United States; (2) supports the ideals and goals of the 17th annual National Charter Schools Week, a week-long celebration to be held May 1 through May 7, 2016, in communities throughout the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to hold appropriate programs, cere-monies, and activities during National Char-ter Schools Week to demonstrate support for public charter schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.044 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2565 April 28, 2016 
SENATE RESOLUTION 450—HON-ORING MAY 1 THROUGH MAY 7, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SMALL BUSI-NESS WEEK’’ AND CELEBRATING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF SMALL BUSINESSES AND ENTRE-PRENEURS IN EVERY COMMU-NITY IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R
ISCH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. S COTT, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. E NZI, Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 450 Whereas ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ has been declared by every President since 1963; Whereas there are more than 28,000,000 small businesses in the United States; Whereas nearly 90 percent of United States employers have fewer than 20 employees; Whereas small businesses in the United States— (1) represent 99.7 percent of all businesses with employees; (2) employ over 48 percent of employees in the private sector; (3) constitute 98 percent of businesses that export goods; and (4) account for more than 46 percent of pri-vate sector output; Whereas, on July 30, 1953, Congress estab-lished the Small Business Administration to aid, counsel, assist, and protect the interests of small businesses— (1) to preserve free and competitive enter-prise; (2) to ensure that a fair proportion of the total sales of Government property are made to small businesses; and (3) to maintain and strengthen the overall economy of the United States; Whereas 63 percent of new jobs are created by small businesses; and Whereas May 1 through May 7, 2016, will be celebrated as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors May 1 through May 7, 2016, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’; (2) celebrates the contributions of small businesses and entrepreneurs in every com-munity in the United States during National Small Business Week; (3) recognizes the importance of— (A) creating policies that promote an envi-ronment in which small businesses may suc-ceed; and (B) the Small Business Administration as a valuable resource for entrepreneurs in the United States; and (4) supports efforts— (A) to encourage consumers to use small businesses; and (B) to increase awareness of the value of small businesses and the impact of small businesses on the economy of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 451—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM WEEK AND HON-ORING THE VALUABLE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF TRAVEL AND TOURISM TO THE UNITED STATES Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. K IRK, and Ms. HIRONO ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 451 Whereas National Travel and Tourism Week was established in 1983 through the en-actment of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolution to designate the week be-ginning May 27, 1984, as ‘National Tourism Week’’’, approved November 29, 1983 (Public Law 98–178; 97 Stat. 1126), which recognized the value of travel and tourism; Whereas National Travel and Tourism Week is celebrated across the United States from May 1 through May 7, 2016; Whereas more than 400 travel destinations throughout the United States are holding events in honor of National Travel and Tour-ism Week; Whereas 1 out of every 9 jobs in the United States depends on travel and tourism and the travel and tourism industry supports 15,100,000 jobs in the United States; Whereas the travel and tourism industry employs individuals in all 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and all the territories of the United States; Whereas international travel to the United States— (1) is the single largest export industry in the United States; and (2) generates a trade surplus balance of ap-proximately $61,000,000,000; Whereas the travel and tourism industry, Congress, and the President have worked to streamline the visa process and make the United States welcoming to visitors from other countries; Whereas travel and tourism provide sig-nificant economic benefits to the United States by generating nearly $2,100,000,000,000 in annual economic output; Whereas leisure travel allows individuals to experience the rich cultural heritage and educational opportunities of the United States and its communities; and Whereas the immense value of travel and tourism cannot be overstated: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Travel and Tourism Week; (2) commends the travel and tourism in-dustry for its important contributions to the United States; and (3) commends the employees of the travel and tourism industry for their important contributions to the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 452—RECOG-NIZING AND SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NA-TIONAL SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS AND PREVENTION MONTH Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. H ELL-
ER) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 452 Whereas on average, an individual is sexu-ally assaulted in the United States every 2 minutes, according to the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network; Whereas nearly 80,000 rapes were reported to law enforcement in 2013, according to the Department of Justice; Whereas according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, nearly 1 in 5 women (or 18.3 percent) and 1 in 71 men (or 1.4 percent) surveyed in the United States in 2010 experienced a rape or attempted rape at some time in their lives; Whereas sexual violence is also a burden for many individuals who serve the United States, and the Department of Defense esti-mates that approximately 19,000 members of the United States Armed Forces experienced unwanted sexual contact in fiscal year 2014; Whereas children and young adults are at significant risk of sexual assault, up to 44 percent of sexual assault victims are under 18 years of age, and up to 80 percent of sexual assault victims are under 30 years of age; Whereas sexual assault affects women, men, and children of all racial, social, reli-gious, age, ethnic, and socioeconomic groups in the United States; Whereas sexual violence may take many forms, including acquaintance, stranger, spousal, and gang rape, incest, child sexual abuse, commercial sex trafficking, sexual harassment, and stalking; Whereas in addition to the immediate physical and emotional costs of sexual as-sault, sexual assault has numerous adverse consequences, which can include post-trau-matic stress disorder, substance abuse, major depression, homelessness, eating dis-orders, and suicide, according to the Na-tional Alliance to End Sexual Violence; Whereas many sexual assaults are not re-ported to law enforcement agencies, which enables many rapists to evade punishment for their crimes; Whereas as many as 2⁄3of sexual crimes are committed by individuals who are not strangers to the victims; Whereas sexual assault survivors suffer emotional scars long after the physical scars of the survivors have healed; Whereas advances in DNA technology have enabled law enforcement agencies to poten-tially identify and prosecute the perpetra-tors in tens of thousands of unsolved rape cases; Whereas prosecution can lead to the incar-ceration of rapists and prevent those individ-uals from committing additional crimes; Whereas national, State, territorial, and tribal coalitions, community-based rape cri-sis centers, and other organizations across the United States are committed to— (1) increasing public awareness of sexual violence and the prevalence of sexual vio-lence; and (2) eliminating sexual violence through prevention and education; Whereas important partnerships have been formed among criminal and juvenile justice agencies, health professionals, public health workers, educators, first responders, and vic-tim service providers; Whereas thousands of volunteers and staff at rape crisis centers, State coalitions against sexual assault, and nonprofit organi-zations across the United States play an im-portant role in making crisis hotlines and other services available to survivors of sex-ual assault; Whereas free, confidential help is available to all victims and survivors of sexual assault through— (1) the National Sexual Assault Hotline (800-656-HOPE and online.rainn.org); and (2) more than 1,000 sexual assault service providers across the United States; Whereas the DoD Safe Helpline, Safe HelpRoom, and Safe Helpline mobile app each provide support and help to members of the Department of Defense community— (1) by telephone at 877-995-5247; and (2) online at SafeHelpline.org; Whereas individual and collective efforts reflect the dream of the people of the United States— (1) for individuals and organizations to ac-tively work to prevent all forms of sexual vi-olence; and (2) for no sexual assault victim to be unserved or feel that there is no path to jus-tice; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.051 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2566 April 28, 2016 
Whereas April 2016 is recognized as ‘‘Na-tional Sexual Assault Awareness and Preven-tion Month’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) it is the sense of the Senate that— (A) National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month provides a special oppor-tunity to educate the people of the United States about sexual violence and to encour-age the prevention of sexual assault, im-provement in the treatment of survivors of sexual assault, and the prosecution of per-petrators of sexual assault; (B) it is appropriate to properly acknowl-edge survivors of sexual assault and to com-mend the volunteers and professionals who assist those survivors in their efforts to heal; (C) national and community organizations and private sector supporters should be rec-ognized and applauded for their work in pro-moting awareness about sexual assault, pro-viding information and treatment to sur-vivors of sexual assault, and increasing the number of successful prosecutions of per-petrators of sexual assault; and (D) public safety, law enforcement, and health professionals should be recognized and applauded for their hard work and inno-vative strategies to ensure perpetrators of sexual assault are held accountable; and (2) the Senate supports the goals and ideals of National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 453—DESIG-NATING APRIL 30, 2016, AS ‘‘DIA DE LOS NINOS: CELEBRATING YOUNG AMERICANS’’ Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. C RAPO , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
EID, Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 453 Whereas each year, people in many coun-tries throughout the world, and especially in the Western Hemisphere, celebrate Dı ´a de los Nin˜os, or Day of the Children, on April 30th in recognition and celebration of the future of their country—their children; Whereas children represent the hopes and dreams of the people of the United States, and the well-being of children remains one of the top priorities of the United States; Whereas the people of the United States must nurture and invest in children to pre-serve and enhance economic prosperity, de-mocracy, and the spirit of the United States; Whereas in 2014, the Census Bureau esti-mated that approximately 17,900,000 of the nearly 55,400,000 individuals of Hispanic de-scent living in the United States are children under 18 years of age, representing 
1⁄3of the total Hispanic population residing in the United States and roughly 
1⁄4of the total population of children in the United States; Whereas Hispanic Americans, the youngest and largest racial or ethnic minority group in the United States, celebrate the tradition of honoring their children on Dı ´a de los Nin˜os and wish to share this custom with all people of the United States; Whereas as the United States becomes more culturally and ethnically diverse, the people of the United States must strive to create opportunities that provide dignity and upward mobility for all children; Whereas the primary teachers of family values, morality, and culture are parents and family members, and children are respon-sible for passing on family values, morality, and culture to future generations; Whereas the importance of literacy and education is most often communicated to children through family members; Whereas the latest data from the National Assessment of Educational Progress (re-ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘NAEP’’) indi-cates that Latino students continue to score lower than the national average on reading assessments conducted at the elementary school, middle school, and high school lev-els—an achievement gap that has persisted for decades; Whereas the most recent data by NAEP demonstrates that 81 percent of Latino fourth graders in public schools are not pro-ficient in reading; Whereas Latino authors and Latino pro-tagonists remain underrepresented in lit-erature for children, and less than 3 percent of books for children are written by Latino authors, illustrated by Latino book creators, or feature significant Latino cultural con-tent, even though 1⁄4of all public school chil-dren are Latino; Whereas research has shown that cul-turally relevant literature can increase stu-dent engagement and reading comprehen-sion, yet some Latino students may go their entire educational experience without seeing themselves portrayed positively in the books that they read and the stories that they hear; Whereas increasing the number and pro-portion of multicultural authors in lit-erature for children elevates the voices of the growing diverse communities in the United States and can serve as an effective strategy for closing the reading proficiency achievement gap; Whereas addressing the widening dispari-ties that still exist among children is of paramount importance to the economic pros-perity of the United States; Whereas the designation of a day to honor the children of the United States will help affirm the significance of family, education, and community among the people of the United States; Whereas the designation of a day of special recognition for the children of the United States will provide an opportunity for chil-dren to reflect on their futures, articulate their aspirations, and find comfort and secu-rity in the support of their family members and communities; Whereas families should be encouraged to engage in family and community activities that include extended and elderly family members and encourage children to explore and develop confidence; Whereas the National Latino Children’s In-stitute, serving as a voice for children, has worked with cities throughout the United States to declare April 30, 2016, as Dı ´a de los Nin˜os: Celebrating Young Americans, a day to bring together Latinos and communities across the United States to celebrate and up-lift children; and Whereas the people of the United States should be encouraged to celebrate the gifts of children to society and invest in future generations: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates April 30, 2016, as ‘‘Dı ´a de los Nin˜os: Celebrating Young Americans’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States to join with all children, families, organiza-tions, communities, churches, cities, and States across the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies, includ-ing activities that— (A) center around children and are free or minimal in cost so as to encourage and fa-cilitate the participation of all people; (B) are positive, uplifting, and help chil-dren express their hopes and dreams; (C) provide opportunities for children of all backgrounds to learn about each other’s cul-tures and share ideas; (D) include all family members, especially extended and elderly family members, so as to promote greater communication among the generations within families, which will enable children to appreciate and benefit from the experiences and wisdom of elderly family members; (E) provide opportunities for families with-in a community to build relationships; and (F) provide children with the support they need to develop skills and confidence and to find the inner strength, will, and fire of the human spirit to make their dreams come true. f SENATE RESOLUTION 454—RECOG-NIZING THE TRANSPORTATION COMMUNITY AWARENESS AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE PRO-GRAM ON ITS 30TH ANNIVER-SARY Mrs. CAPITO submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 454 Whereas the Transportation Community Awareness and Emergency Response pro-gram (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘TRANSCAER’’) is a voluntary national out-reach effort that focuses on assisting com-munities to prepare for and respond to a pos-sible hazardous material transportation inci-dent; Whereas TRANSCAER was founded in 1986; Whereas TRANSCAER members consist of— (1) volunteer representatives from the chemical manufacturing, transportation, distribution, and emergency response indus-tries; (2) volunteer representatives from industry associations; (3) volunteer personnel of those industries and industry associations; and (4) government representatives; Whereas TRANSCAER offers hundreds of training events each year; Whereas TRANSCAER offered training to tens of thousands of responders between 1986 and 2016; Whereas TRANSCAER is a unified industry initiative that promotes the safe transpor-tation and handling of hazardous materials; Whereas TRANSCAER aids community emergency response planning for hazardous material transportation incidents; Whereas TRANSCAER builds strong rela-tionships and trust with communities lo-cated along transportation routes, and those relationships and trust could help to ensure that an incident is handled safely, appro-priately, and efficiently; and Whereas TRANSCAER demonstrates the continuing commitment of chemical manu-facturers and transporters to the safe trans-portation of hazardous materials: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes the Transportation Community Awareness and Emergency Response program (commonly re-ferred to as ‘‘TRANSCAER’’) on its 30th an-niversary. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 455—RECOG-NIZING THE CULTURAL AND HIS-TORIC SIGNIFICANCE OF THE CINCO DE MAYO HOLIDAY Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mr. R EID, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.052 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2567 April 28, 2016 
MURRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 455 Whereas May 5, or ‘‘Cinco de Mayo’’ in Spanish, is celebrated each year as a date of importance by Mexican and Mexican-Amer-ican communities; Whereas the Cinco de Mayo holiday com-memorates May 5, 1862, the date on which Mexicans defeated the French at the Battle of Puebla, 1 of the many battles that the Mexican people won in their long and brave fight for independence, freedom, and democ-racy; Whereas the victory of Mexico over France at the Battle of Puebla represented a his-toric triumph for the Mexican government during the Franco-Mexican war of 1861–1867 and bolstered the resistance movement; Whereas the success of Mexico at the Bat-tle of Puebla reinvigorated the spirits of the Mexican people and provided a renewed sense of unity and strength; Whereas the French army, which had not experienced defeat against any of the finest troops of Europe in more than half a cen-tury, sustained a disastrous loss at the hands of an outnumbered and ill-equipped, but highly spirited and courageous, Mexican army; Whereas the courageous spirit that Mexi-can General Ignacio Zaragoza and his men displayed during that historic battle can never be forgotten; Whereas in a larger sense, Cinco de Mayo symbolizes the right of a free people to self- determination, just as Benito Juarez, the president of Mexico during the Battle of Puebla, once said, ‘‘El respeto al derecho ajeno es la paz’’, meaning ‘‘respect for the rights of others is peace’’; Whereas the sacrifice of Mexican fighters was instrumental in keeping Mexico from falling under European domination while, in the United States, the Union Army battled Confederate forces in the Civil War; Whereas Cinco de Mayo serves as a re-minder— (1) that the foundation of the United States was built by individuals from many countries and diverse cultures who were will-ing to fight and die for freedom; and (2) of the close ties between the people of Mexico and the people of the United States; Whereas Cinco de Mayo encourages the celebration of a legacy of strong leaders and a sense of vibrancy in communities; and Whereas Cinco de Mayo serves as a re-minder to provide more opportunities for fu-ture generations: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the historic struggle of the people of Mexico for independence and free-dom, which Cinco de Mayo commemorates; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe Cinco de Mayo with appro-priate ceremonies and activities. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3884. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. L
EE, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. K
IRK, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. D
AINES , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mr. N ELSON ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correctional institu-tions, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3885. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. MENEN -
DEZ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1875, to support enhanced accountability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, and for other purposes. SA 3886. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1635, to authorize the Department of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3884. Mr. GRASSLEY (for him-self, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. L EE, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. K IRK, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. D
AINES , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correc-tional institutions, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 143, line 12, insert ‘‘and for which the offender’s release from any term of im-prisonment was within 15 years of the com-mencement of the instant offense’’ before the period. On page 146, line 11, insert ‘‘a term of im-prisonment may be reduced only if the de-fendant has not been convicted of any seri-ous violent felony and’’ after ‘‘offense,’’. On page 146, line 12, strike ‘‘may’’. On page 146, beginning on line 15, strike ‘‘, reduce the term of imprisonment for the of-fense’’. On page 146, line 21, strike ‘‘if such’’ and insert ‘‘finds’’. On page 147, line 7, insert ‘‘, including a re-view of any prior criminal conduct or any other relevant information from Federal, State, and local authorities’’ after ‘‘section’’. On page 147, strike lines 11 through 20, and insert the following: (1) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘or section 1010’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, section 1010’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, or section 70503 or 70506 of title 46’’ after ‘‘963)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) the defendant does not have— ‘‘(A) more than 4 criminal history points, excluding any criminal history points result-ing from a 1-point offense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines; ‘‘(B) a prior 3-point offense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines; and ‘‘(C) a prior 2-point violent offense, as de-termined under the sentencing guidelines;’’; and (C) after paragraph (5), by inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Information disclosed by a defendant under this subsection may not be used to enhance the sentence of the defendant unless the in-formation relates to a violent offense.’’; and On page 148, strike lines 15 through 25 and insert the following: ‘‘(h) D
EFINITION OF VIOLENT OFFENSE .—As used in this section, the term ‘violent of-fense’ means a ‘crime of violence’, as defined in section 16, that is punishable by imprison-ment.’’. On page 149, line 13, strike ‘‘or section’’ and insert ‘‘, section’’. On page 149, line 14, insert ‘‘, or section 70503 or 70506 of title 46,’’ after ‘‘963)’’. On page 150, strike lines 7 through 14 and insert the following: ‘‘(3) the defendant was not an organizer, leader, manager, or supervisor of other par-ticipants in the offense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines; On page 150, line 20, insert ‘‘, unless the de-fendant was a minor or minimal participant, as determined under the sentencing guide-lines’’ before the semicolon. On page 151, between lines 8 and 9, insert the following: ‘‘Information disclosed by a defendant under this subsection may not be used to enhance the sentence of the defendant unless the in-formation relates to a violent offense. On page 152, strike lines 10 through 20 and insert the following: ‘‘United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘second or subsequent conviction under this subsection’ and inserting ‘viola-tion of this subsection that occurs after a prior conviction under this subsection has become final’.’’. On page 153, line 8, insert ‘‘a term of im-prisonment may be reduced only if the in-stant violation was for a drug trafficking of-fense that did not involve a violation of clause (ii) or (iii) of section 924(c)(1)(A) of title 18, United States Code, the defendant has not otherwise been convicted of any seri-ous violent felony, and’’ after ‘‘offense,’’. On page 153, line 9, strike ‘‘may’’. On page 153, beginning on line 12, strike ‘‘, reduce the term of imprisonment for the of-fense’’. On page 153, line 18, strike ‘‘if such’’ and insert ‘‘finds’’. On page 154, line 4, insert ‘‘, including a re-view of any prior criminal conduct or any other relevant information from Federal, State, and local authorities’’ after ‘‘section’’. Beginning on page 154, strike line 5 and all that follows through page 155, line 23. On page 156, line 1, strike ‘‘106’’ and insert ‘‘105’’. On page 157, line 1, strike ‘‘107’’ and insert ‘‘106’’. On page 158, line 1, strike ‘‘108’’ and insert ‘‘107’’. On page 162, line 3, strike ‘‘109’’ and insert ‘‘108’’. On page 162, line 25, insert ‘‘and organized by Federal district where applicable’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. On page 163, line 5, insert ‘‘, including re-ferrals from investigative agencies of the De-partment of Justice,’’ after ‘‘prosecution’’. On page 166, between lines 12 and 13, insert the following: SEC. 109. FENTANYL. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACTAMEND -
MENT .—Section 401(b) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8)(A) In the case of a violation of sub-section (a), if the mixture or substance con-taining a detectable amount of heroin also contains a detectable amount of N-phenyl-N- [ 1-(2-phenylethyl) -4-piperidinyl] propanamide or any analogue of N-phenyl-N- [ 1-(2-phenylethyl) -4-piperidinyl] propanamide, then a court shall— ‘‘(i) not impose a term of probation; and ‘‘(ii) in addition to the term of punishment for the violation of this section, impose a term of imprisonment not to exceed 5 years. ‘‘(B) A term of imprisonment imposed on a person under subparagraph (A)(ii) may not run concurrently with any term of imprison-ment imposed on the person under any other provision of law. ‘‘(9)(A) In the case of a violation of sub-section (a), if the mixture or substance con-taining a detectable amount of N-phenyl-N-[ 1-(2-phenylethyl) -4-piperidinyl] propanamide or any analogue of N-phenyl-N-[ 1-(2- phenylethyl) -4-piperidinyl] propanamide was represented to be or sold as heroin, then a court shall— ‘‘(i) not impose a term of probation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.054 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2568 April 28, 2016 
‘‘(ii) in addition to the term of punishment for the violation of this section, impose a term of imprisonment not to exceed 5 years. ‘‘(B) A term of imprisonment imposed on a person under subparagraph (A)(ii) may not run concurrently with any term of imprison-ment imposed on the person under any other provision of law.’’. (b) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND  E
XPORT ACTAMENDMENT .—Section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Ex-port Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(8)(A) In the case of a violation of sub-section (a), if the mixture or substance con-taining a detectable amount of heroin also contains a detectable amount of N-phenyl-N- [ 1-(2-phenylethyl) -4-piperidinyl] propanamide or any analogue of N-phenyl-N- [ 1-(2-phenylethyl) -4-piperidinyl] propanamide, then a court shall— ‘‘(i) not impose a term of probation; and ‘‘(ii) in addition to the term of punishment for the violation of this section, impose a term of imprisonment not to exceed 5 years. ‘‘(B) A term of imprisonment imposed on a person under subparagraph (A)(ii) may not run concurrently with any term of imprison-ment imposed on the person under any other provision of law. ‘‘(9)(A) In the case of a violation of sub-section (a), if the mixture or substance con-taining a detectable amount of N-phenyl-N-[ 1-(2-phenylethyl) -4-piperidinyl] propanamide or any analogue of N-phenyl-N-[ 1-(2- phenylethyl) -4-piperidinyl] propanamide was represented to be or sold as heroin, then a court shall— ‘‘(i) not impose a term of probation; and ‘‘(ii) in addition to the term of punishment for the violation of this section, impose a term of imprisonment not to exceed 5 years. ‘‘(B) A term of imprisonment imposed on a person under subparagraph (A)(ii) may not run concurrently with any term of imprison-ment imposed on the person under any other provision of law.’’. On page 170, beginning on line 1, strike ‘‘Private entities that will, on a volunteer basis’’ and insert ‘‘Nonprofit or other private organizations, including faith-based and community-based organizations, that will’’. On page 178, strike line 21 and all that fol-lows through page 179, line 10 and insert the following: ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE PRISONER .—The term ‘eligi-ble prisoner’ means— ‘‘(i) an individual who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for a Federal criminal offense; or ‘‘(ii) an individual within the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, including an indi-vidual in a Bureau of Prisons contracted fa-cility.’’. On page 191, line 21, strike ‘‘In’’ and insert ‘‘Notwithstanding the 10 percent limit de-scribed in paragraph (1) and in’’. On page 203, line 8, strike ‘‘title’’ and in-sert ‘‘Act’’. On page 203, line 9, strike ‘‘title’’ and in-sert ‘‘Act’’. On page 203, line 24, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 204, line 5, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. On page 204, between lines 5 and 6, insert the following: (iv) a description of how the reduced ex-penditures on Federal corrections and the budgetary savings resulting from this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, are currently being used and will be used to— (I) increase investment in law enforcement and crime prevention to combat gangs of na-tional significance and high-level drug traf-fickers through the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program and other task forces; (II) hire, train, and equip law enforcement officers and prosecutors; and (III) promote crime reduction programs using evidence-based practices and strategic planning to help reduce crime and criminal recidivism. On page 226, line 17, insert ‘‘and the Sec-retary of Labor’’ after ‘‘Affairs’’. On page 227, line 3, insert ‘‘and the Sec-retary of Labor’’ after ‘‘Affairs’’. On page 227, line 8, insert ‘‘and the Sec-retary of Labor’’ after ‘‘Affairs’’. On page 227, line 12, insert ‘‘AND DOL ’’ after ‘‘VA’’. On page 227, line 13, insert ‘‘and the De-partment of Labor’’ after ‘‘Affairs’’. 
SA 3885. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1875, to support enhanced ac-countability for United States assist-ance to Afghanistan, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Afghanistan Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINED TERM. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (4) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (5) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (6) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (7) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (8) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives. TITLE I—EFFECTIVE AFGHANISTAN ASSISTANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Following the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom, and since then the United States Armed Forces and the Af-ghan National Security Forces have made countless sacrifices in defending Afghanistan against the threat of terrorism and insur-gency and by extension the United States and the wider world. (2) Since 2001, the United States has worked with a broad coalition of nations that has helped to dramatically improve nu-merous development indicators within Af-ghanistan, including— (A) a dramatic increase in the number of girls enrolled in primary education from an estimated 5,000 under the Taliban to 2,400,000 girls as of 2010; (B) an increase in the percentage of indi-viduals above the poverty line from 25.4 per-cent in 2002 to 35.8 percent in 2011; (C) an increase in the percentage of indi-viduals who now have access to an improved water source in rural areas from 22 percent in 2001 to 56 percent in 2012; (D) a precipitous decline in maternal mor-tality from 1200/100,000 births in 1995 to 400/ 100,000 births in 2013; and (E) an expansion of women’s rights. (3) Numerous research studies have shown that government corruption is a driver of conflict and particularly so in Afghanistan, where it has served as a powerful recruit-ment tool for the Taliban. (4) Since the first democratic transfer of power in the history of Afghanistan in 2014, President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah have led a Na-tional Unity Government that has identified key security and development challenges in order to make Afghanistan a full and produc-tive member of the community of demo-cratic nations. (5) The National Unity Government has re-newed specific focus on addressing corrup-tion within the country as a driver of insta-bility, including reopening a fraud case in-volving high level officials and the Kabul Bank that resulted in the disappearance of an estimated $1,000,000,000. (6) In its report ‘‘Realizing Self Reliance: Commitments to Reform and Renewed Part-nership’’, the Government of Afghanistan committed to the international community in London in December 2014, to address the ‘‘main drivers of corruption in Afghanistan,’’ including ‘‘collusive procurement practices, weak rule of law and abuse of the legal sys-tem, and arbitrary regulations that build in incentives to pay bribes’’. Government of Af-ghanistan commitments included— (A) forming an independent anti-corrup-tion commission with time-bound prosecu-torial powers; (B) implementing recommendations by the Monitoring and Evaluation Committee on a national action plan to reduce corruption; (C) requiring all government officials to provide public declarations of their assets; (D) meeting all Financial Action Task Force (FATF) requirements to further limit and investigate illicit fund flows; (E) forming a national procurement board staffed by qualified professionals who will manage all large value contracts using inter-nationally recognized standards and proce-dures; and (F) delineating the roles, responsibilities, and jurisdiction of anti-corruption institu-tions such as the High Office of Oversight and Anti-Corruption (HOO) and the Attorney General to restrict them to focus on their core function of enforcement instead of over-sight. (7) The December 2014 Government of Af-ghanistan report ‘‘Realizing Self Reliance: Commitments to Reform and Renewed Part-nership’’, expressed a commitment to ‘‘en-hancing productivity, growth and revenues’’ by— (A) developing natural resources through public-private partnerships that bring in rents, taxes, and profits; (B) removing obstacles to trade and transit and ending smuggling that diverts revenue away from the treasury; (C) negotiating expanded market access in regional and global markets; (D) gradually formalizing the informal economy and changing the compact between the state and citizens to one where citizens pay taxes for services they tangibly benefit from; and (E) transferring government payments electronically to eliminate losses in transit. (8) In 2012, international donors and the Government of Afghanistan agreed to the Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework (‘‘TMAF’’) which committed to provide $4,000,000,000 in economic assistance per year from 2012-2015 and sustain assistance at or near the same levels of the past decade through 2017, while the Government of Af-ghanistan committed to meet benchmarks related to democracy and governance, public finance and revenue generation, and eco-nomic development. (9) At the end of 2014, under the TMAF, the Government of Afghanistan had fallen short in meeting benchmarks related to: revenue collection, the enhancement of women’s rights, corruption and the illicit economy, and the protection of human rights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.056 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2569 April 28, 2016 
(10) In the Joint Declaration following the London Conference on Afghanistan of De-cember 4, 2014, the international community and the new Government of Afghanistan agreed to refresh the existing TMAF and as-sociated commitments at the 2015 Senior Of-ficials Meeting based on the reform program and priorities as laid out by the Government of Afghanistan. (11) Afghanistan faces great difficulties in making progress in countering illegal nar-cotics and remains the leading global illicit opium poppy producer. (12) The illegal narcotics trade results in the transfer of illicit funds and encourages and also requires corrupt financial trans-actions, and, if minimized, could have bene-ficial impacts on trade and reduce overall levels of corruption. (13) The international community has en-dorsed Afghanistan’s longer-term develop-ment following the war and identified the criticality of the ‘‘transformation decade’’ from 2015-2024 outlined by the Government of Afghanistan and has acknowledged that the Government of Afghanistan will seek contin-ued international assistance in order for it to become a stable, self-sustained partner in the community of democratic countries. (14) As development assistance from the United States and broader international community gradually diminishes in the com-ing years, the accelerated development of the Afghan private sector and governing in-stitutions becomes even more necessary to maintain the gains of the past decade and to enhance our mutual goals of Afghan security and stability. (15) While Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF) have taken over lead combat respon-sibilities, they continue to operate in close coordination with, and with significant re-sources from the international community, under the Resolute Support Mission and in coordination with ongoing counter-terrorism operations. Development of civilian over-sight institutions for the security sector has lagged. Such oversight will be important for ensuring that Afghan security forces are ac-countable and do not abuse their powers. 
SEC. 102. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY IN AFGHANISTAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the National Unity Government of Af-ghanistan has made a substantial commit-ment to reform that should be supported but also subject to heightened scrutiny by the Afghan people and international donors given past failures and persistent challenges in the country; (2) Afghanistan is at a critical inflection point, having gone through political and se-curity transitions as the international com-munity draws down its military forces. The international community should work close-ly with the new government in supporting development priorities for the rest of the transformation decade that translate into producing concrete development results for the Afghan people; (3) sustainable accountability and reform of Afghan governing institutions will not come from the international community but from a commitment by the Government of Afghanistan and society reinforced by do-mestic watchdog groups and internal govern-ment accountability monitoring mecha-nisms; (4) the United States Government should deepen its dialogue on anti-corruption ef-forts with the Government of Afghanistan to develop effective oversight mechanisms to ensure large donor contracts do not con-tribute to corruption; (5) the United States should encourage Af-ghanistan’s participation in the Open Gov-ernment Partnership, a multilateral initia-tive in which government and civil society collaborate to promote transparency, fight corruption, and use technologies to strength-en government; (6) the United States should urge the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan to build upon exist-ing anti-money laundering and countering terrorism financing legislation by developing effective regulations and institutions to im-plement reforms; (7) the United States should urge the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan to broaden personal asset disclosures to include members of the covered officials’ immediate families or households and develop effective mecha-nisms for verifying disclosed information; (8) in the event of future egregious cases of corruption in Afghanistan, the President should impose visa bans and asset freezes on those responsible, especially in instances where United States assistance is stolen or misappropriated; (9) the United States Government should cooperate with the Government of Afghani-stan and with international donors to de-velop a series of strict accountability bench-marks based on the refreshed Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework and the Govern-ment of Afghanistan’s own ‘‘Realizing Self Reliance’’ report commitments that will condition levels of assistance and the amount of on-budget assistance on anti-cor-ruption performance acceptable to donors; (10) the United States should support the Afghan Parliament to refine and strengthen the legal framework of anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws to address bene-ficial ownership, countering bid-rigging and other contracting and procurement fraud, criminal investigations of financial trans-actions, complementary banks, personal asset or other financial declarations and dis-closures as required by law or regulation, ef-forts to meet FATF requirements, and other areas to further inhibit the illicit flow of money; (11) the commitment by the Government of Afghanistan to strengthen its nascent pri-vate sector should be supported and sus-tained using the full array of tools of the United States, including technical and legal assistance; (12) United States assistance to the Afghan judicial system and other Afghan legal insti-tutions that enable and empower private sec-tor development by instilling greater inves-tor confidence should be prioritized to ensure the protection of private property, the sanc-tity of contracts, and effective dispute reso-lution mechanisms for businesses and inves-tors; (13) the United States Government should identify opportunities for the United States to introduce trade facilitation as part of the economic relationship between the 2 coun-tries; (14) the Governments of the United States and Afghanistan should work together to identify more Afghan products and raw ma-terials to be included on the United States Generalized System of Preferences (GSP) treatment list; (15) the American University of Afghani-stan is an emerging pillar in Afghanistan’s education system and has provided a unique opportunity for higher education for Afghan youth, especially women; and (16) the United States should encourage the Government of Afghanistan to imple-ment with urgency electoral reforms in ac-cordance with the ‘‘Agreement between the Two Campaign Teams Regarding the Struc-ture of the National Unity Government’’. 
SEC. 103. UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE POLICY FOR AFGHANISTAN. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to conduct assistance programs that re-sult in highly effective, impact driven devel-opment outcomes for the people of Afghani-stan while maintaining the highest stand-ards of accountability for United States tax-payers; (2) that all United States Government agencies and entities working in Afghanistan coordinate, plan, and regularly review plans in a coherent, well-informed process to de-velop United States policy and assistance programming; (3) to support the development of effective Government of Afghanistan oversight insti-tutions and domestic watchdog civil society organizations; (4) subject to significant evident progress made in meeting TMAF accountability and improved governance as it relates to devel-opment, to abide by resource commitments made as part of the Tokyo Mutual Account-ability Framework; (5) to provide incentivized assistance to Af-ghanistan’s governing institutions based upon verifiable and measurable development outcomes and on-budget assistance based upon demonstrated capacity improvements that are mutually agreed to by the Govern-ment of Afghanistan and Government of the United States; (6) to support the development of demo-cratic governing institutions in Afghanistan, promote the development of a growing pri-vate sector, and strengthen civil society in Afghanistan; (7) to recognize that Afghanistan’s sustain-able development is grounded in growing the regional economy, and to support the efforts of the Government and people of Afghanistan to build strong regional economic connectivity with the country’s neighbors; (8) to support, where appropriate, proven programs that promote private sector job creation in Afghanistan; and (9) that assistance programs in direct sup-port of Afghan women and girls remain a pri-ority for the United States, including spe-cific efforts to support women and girls edu-cation, meaningful engagement in political and reconciliation processes, training and re-cruitment of Afghan female police and secu-rity forces, advancement of women’s legal rights, economic development, and efforts to increase the overall health and well-being of Afghan women and girls. SEC. 104. EFFECTIVE AFGHANISTAN ASSISTANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) S TRATEGY TO COMBAT CORRUPTION IN  A
FGHANISTAN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Government of Afghanistan, shall develop a comprehensive interagency strat-egy for United States assistance that is sus-tainable and is not counter-productive to combating corruption in Afghanistan. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy developed under paragraph (1) should include the fol-lowing elements: (A) Multi-year goals, objectives, and meas-urable outcomes for targeted activities to strengthen selected Afghan official institu-tions and nongovernmental organizations to prevent, investigate, deter, and prosecute corruption. (B) An operational plan incorporating all United States Government programming to implement the anti-corruption goals and ob-jectives. (C) A summary of United States efforts to coordinate with other international donors to ensure that anti-corruption advice or pro-gramming provided to the Government of Af-ghanistan is not contradictory. (D) A focus on the development of govern-mental and nongovernmental Afghan capac-ity to ensure accountability and combat cor-ruption. (E) An evaluation of Afghan civil society anti-corruption capacities that includes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.057 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2570 April 28, 2016 
their ability to use technology to combat corruption. (b) A
FGHANISTAN ANTI-CORRUPTION FUND.— Subject to the availability of funds, the President is authorized to provide technical and financial assistance to official Govern-ment of Afghanistan anti-corruption and audit institutions and Afghan civil society watchdog groups in support of the anti-cor-ruption priorities identified by the Govern-ment of Afghanistan and the United States Government. Subject to careful consider-ation by the United States Government of the legitimacy, efficacy, and direct impact and influence of such entities and individ-uals, offices, and organizations that are funded under this subsection could include— (1) the Supreme Audit Office; (2) the Attorney General; (3) the Ministry of Justice; (4) Inspectors General within key min-istries; (5) the Independent Joint Anti-Corruption Monitoring and Evaluation Committee (MEC); (6) the major crimes task force, Technical Investigative Unit, and the Sensitive Inves-tigative Unit; (7) the High Office of Oversight and Anti- Corruption; (8) the Anti-Corruption Tribunal; (9) the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Center of Afghanistan; (10) the proposed procurement board; and (11) civil society organizations engaged in oversight, anti-corruption advocacy, and support of good governance. (c) P
ROMOTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS , PRESS F
REEDOM , AND SECURITY SECTOR ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of funds, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, is authorized to provide support for efforts of the Government of Afghanistan to improve oversight and accountability of the Afghan National Security Forces, including the Af-ghan National Police, and Afghan local po-lice, and strengthen Afghan civil society and investigative journalists to provide watch-dog oversight of these institutions. Subject to due consideration of the legitimacy, effi-cacy, and direct impact and influence of such entities and individuals, these efforts could include— (A) supporting the ANSF to strengthen the capacity, independence, and power of its in-ternal Inspector General to collect and in-vestigate all credible reports of abuse by armed forces; (B) supporting the Office of the Attorney General and the Ministries of Defense and In-terior to be better capable to investigate and, if appropriate, criminally prosecute po-lice, military, intelligence, and militia per-sonnel, regardless of rank, found responsible for human rights abuses and war crimes; (C) considering establishing a special inde-pendent mechanism to investigate govern-ment officials and security force officers im-plicated in abuses; (D) supporting the Ministry of Interior to establish a centralized register of all detain-ees held in police and National Directorate of Security custody, and ensure that it is ac-cessible to independent monitors and is up-dated regularly and in a transparent manner; (E) supporting implementation of the Ac-cess to Information Law and the 2009 Mass Media Law, particularly provisions of the latter that would disband the Media Viola-tions Investigation Commission and replace it with a Mass Media Commission; (F) supporting the Attorney General’s Of-fice to undertake prompt, impartial, and thorough investigations into all attacks on journalists and media organizations and bring prosecutions as appropriate; and (G) supporting the further establishment of civil society organizations to provide essen-tial ‘‘watchdog’’ oversight of the police and armed forces; as well as efforts to strengthen and improve coordination among civil soci-ety organizations, such as the Afghan Inde-pendent Human Rights Commission. SEC. 105. REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORTING ON CORRUPTION IN AFGHANI -
STAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2024, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report listing each individual who the President determines, based on credible evidence— (1) is a Government of Afghanistan official, a senior associate, or close relative of such an official, who is responsible for, or complicit in, ordering, controlling, or other-wise directing, acts of significant corruption, including the expropriation of private or public assets for personal gain, corruption related to government contracts or the ex-traction of natural resources, bribery, or the facilitation or transfer of the proceeds of corruption to foreign jurisdictions; or (2) has materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or techno-logical support for, or goods or services in support of, an activity described above. (b) R
EPORT ON CIVILIAN -MILITARY ASSIST -
ANCE EFFORTS IN AFGHANISTAN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that describes civil-ian-military assistance efforts in Afghani-stan. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of lessons learned from conducting development programming in Af-ghanistan to include recommendations on how to improve coordination between United States development agencies and the United States Armed Forces. (B) An assessment of the ability of the United States Agency for International De-velopment to advance development goals within Afghanistan, operating alongside pro-viders of United States military assistance. (C) An assessment of whether funding under the Commander’s Emergency Response Program achieved the program’s counter-insurgency goals, including force protection, and whether this program had any long term development impact, including any negative unintended consequences. 
SA 3886. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1635, to authorize the Depart-ment of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 16, strike lines 10 through 12 and insert the following: ‘‘the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Sen-ate, the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives, the majority leader of the House of Representatives, the minority leader of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that—’’. On page 30, lines 9 and 10, strike ‘‘in the event of a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran’’. On page 30, lines 20 and 21, strike ‘‘entering into a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran’’ and insert ‘‘the date of the enact-ment of this Act’’. On page 30, line 23, insert ‘‘the majority leader, the minority leader,’’ after ‘‘(1)’’. On page 31, line 1, insert ‘‘the Speaker, the majority leader, the minority leader,’’ after ‘‘(2)’’. Beginning on page 32, lines 24 and 25, strike ‘‘, as appropriate’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the United States’’ on page 33, line 1, and insert ‘‘with other United States Gov-ernment agencies, including the intelligence community, and, as appropriate, the United States’’. Strike section 122. On page 47, lines 14 and 15, strike ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives’’. On page 90, line 24, insert ‘‘and to the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘congressional committees’’. On page 92, line 18, insert ‘‘and to the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘committees’’. On page 116, line 20, strike ‘‘Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom appointed under section 101(b) of the International Re-ligious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411(b))’’. Beginning on page 117, line 14, strike ‘‘Sec-retary of State’’ and all that follows through ‘‘in consultation with’’ on page 118, line 1, and insert the following: ‘‘Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom shall carry out paragraph (1)— (A) in coordination with the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Af-fairs Training Center and other Federal offi-cials, as appropriate; and (B) in consultation with On page 160, line 16, insert ‘‘to the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, the majority leader of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives, and’’ after ‘‘the report’’. Strike sections 501 and 502 and insert: SEC. 501. WORLDWIDE SECURITY PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for worldwide security pro-tection shall to the extent practiable, before any such funds may be allocated to any other authorized purpose, be allocated for— (1) immediate threat mitigation support in accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 531; (2) immediate threat mitigation support in accordance with subsection (b) at other fa-cilities; and (3) locations with high vulnerabilities. (b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION SUPPORT  P
RIORITIZATION .—In allocating funding for immediate mitigation support pursuant to this section, the Secretary shall prioritize funding for— (1) the purchasing of additional security equipment, including additional defensive weaponry; (2) the paying of expenses of additional se-curity forces; and (3) any other purposes necessary to miti-gate immediate threats to United States per-sonnel serving overseas. 
SEC. 502. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for Worldwide Security Up-grades within ‘‘embassy security, construc-tion and maintenance’’ shall to the extent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.057 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2571 April 28, 2016 
practicable, before any funds may be allo-cated to any other authorized purpose, be al-located in the prioritized order of— (1) immediate threat mitigation projects in accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 531; (2) other security upgrades to facilities de-termined to be high threat, high risk pursu-ant to section 531; (3) all other immediate threat mitigation projects in accordance with subsection (b); and (4) security upgrades to all other facilities or new construction for facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to sec-tion 531. (b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION  P
ROJECTS PRIORITIZATION .—In allocating funding for immediate threat mitigation projects pursuant to this section, the Sec-retary shall prioritize funding for the con-struction of safeguards that provide imme-diate security benefits and any other pur-poses necessary to mitigate immediate threats to United States personnel serving overseas. (c) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .—No funds au-thorized to be appropriated shall be obli-gated for new embassy construction, other than for high threat, high risk facilities, un-less the Secretary certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that— (1) the Department has fully complied with the requirements of subsection (a); (2) high threat, high risk facilities are being secured to the best of the United States Government’s ability; and (3) the Secretary will make funds available from the Embassy Security, Construction and Maintenance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new immediate threat mitigation projects. (d) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on— (1) funding for the priorities described in subsection (a); (2) efforts to secure high threat, high risk facilities as well as high vulnerability loca-tions facilities; and (3) plans to make funds available from the Embassy Security, Construction and Mainte-nance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new im-mediate threat mitigation projects. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 28, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 28, 2016, at 9 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 28, 2016, at 2:15 p.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Mental Health in America: Where Are We Now?’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 28, 2016, at 10 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 28, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 28, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , 
AND MINING  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 28, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Michael Jetvig, an intern in my office, be granted the privilege of the floor for the duration of today’s session of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar Nos. 519 through 545 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further mo-tions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the RECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Mark A. Baird 
IN THE ARMY  The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Thomas F. Spencer 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. Gregory S. Champagne The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Marshall B. Webb The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Daniel J. Swain The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. James J. Keefe The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Andrea D. Tullos The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Bradley C. Saltzman The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Andrew E. Salas The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Craig D. Wills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.062 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2572 April 28, 2016 
The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Tamhra L. Hutchins-Frye 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Gen. Curtis M. Scaparrotti The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. William J. Prendergast, IV The following named officers for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grades indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sec-tion 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. William P. Barriage Brig. Gen. Peter A. Bosse Brig. Gen. Troy D. Kok Brig. Gen. William S. Lee To be brigadier general Col. Marilyn S. Chiafullo Col. Alex B. Fink Col. John B. Hashem Col. Susan E. Henderson Col. Andrew J. Juknelis Col. Jeffrey W. Jurasek Col. Deborah L. Kotulich Col. John H. Phillips Col. Stephen T. Sauter Col. Stephen E. Strand 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Paul J. Verrastro The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Timothy J. White The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Kyle J. Cozad Rear Adm. (lh) Lisa M. Franchetti Rear Adm. (lh) Roy J. Kelley Rear Adm. (lh) David M. Kriete Rear Adm. (lh) Bruce H. Lindsey Rear Adm. (lh) James T. Loeblein Rear Adm. (lh) William R. Merz Rear Adm. (lh) Dee L. Mewbourne Rear Adm. (lh) Michael T. Moran Rear Adm. (lh) Stuart B. Munsch Rear Adm. (lh) John B. Nowell, Jr. Rear Adm. (lh) Timothy G. Szymanski 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Gen. Vincent K. Brooks 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Bradley A. Heithold The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment as Di-rector, Air National Guard, and for appoint-ment to the grade indicated in the Reserve of the Air Force under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 10506: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Leon S. Rice The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Gen. Lori J. Robinson IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Stephen M. Twitty The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. John G. Rossi The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Robert B. Brown The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Kenneth D. Jones The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Arlan M. DeBlieck The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Rodney L. Faulk N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1219 AIR FORCE nomination of Martin T. Mitchell, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 14, 2016. PN1269 AIR FORCE nominations (23) begin-ning LAURA S. BARCHICK, and ending KEVIN J. WILKINSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1270 AIR FORCE nominations (28) begin-ning MICHELLE D. AASTROM, and ending CYNTHIA J. WEIDMAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1271 AIR FORCE nominations (446) be-ginning LAIRD S. ABBOTT, and ending CHRISTOPHER J. ZUHLKE, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1318 AIR FORCE nomination of Albert E. White, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 7, 2016. PN1333 AIR FORCE nomination of Jona-than M. Letsinger, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1334 AIR FORCE nominations (42) begin-ning LLOYD TRAVIS A. ARNOLD, and end-ing KONSTANTINA ZUBER, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1335 AIR FORCE nomination of Kristie L. Partin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1336 AIR FORCE nomination of Aimee D. Safford, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1337 AIR FORCE nomination of Tracey A. Gosser, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1338 AIR FORCE nomination of Todd R. Howell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. IN THE ARMY  PN1220 ARMY nominations (3) beginning LARSS G. CELTNIEKS, and ending PAU-LETTE V. BURTON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 14, 2016. PN1221 ARMY nomination of Eric Danko, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 14, 2016. PN1222 ARMY nominations (2) beginning STEVEN N. CAROZZA, and ending NOAH C. CLOUD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 14, 2016. PN1223 ARMY nomination of Ramit Ring, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 14, 2016. PN1272 ARMY nomination of Geoffrey E. Anderson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1274 ARMY nomination of Bruce H. Rob-inson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1275 ARMY nominations (2) beginning MATTHEW B. BOOTH, and ending DONALD W. MOYER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1276 ARMY nomination of Robert L. Cronyn, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1277 ARMY nomination of Darrell W. Collins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1299 ARMY nomination of Devon D. Nudelman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1300 ARMY nomination of Calvin C. Thomas, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1301 ARMY nominations (2) beginning STEPHEN G. CRUYS, and ending GREGORY J. LONG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1302 ARMY nominations (2) beginning EDWARD S. BARNETT, and ending LYNN J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.075 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2573 April 28, 2016 
WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1303 ARMY nominations (5) beginning TIMOTHY G. BONNER, and ending JAMES S. WELCH, JR., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1304 ARMY nominations (7) beginning KRYSTAL D. BEAN, and ending JUSTIN R. SCHLANSER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1305 ARMY nominations (19) beginning GEORGE A. BARBEE, and ending D013078, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1306 ARMY nominations (80) beginning GABRIELLE M. ANDREANIFABRONI, and ending YOUNG J. YAUGER, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1307 ARMY nominations (84) beginning TERRYL L. AITKEN, and ending D010908, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1319 ARMY nomination of Travis H. Owen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 7, 2016. PN1320 ARMY nominations (54) beginning JOSHUA T. ADE, and ending D012875, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 7, 2016. PN1322 ARMY nomination of Timothy R. Teague, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 7, 2016. PN1323 ARMY nomination of Eric E. Halstrom, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 7, 2016. PN1324 ARMY nominations (4) beginning BRIAN D. BOBO, and ending ANTHONY D. FOURNIER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 7, 2016. PN1325 ARMY nomination of Dennis N. Snelling, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 7, 2016. PN1340 ARMY nomination of Kodjo S. Knoxlimbacker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1341 ARMY nomination of Lori R. Schanhals, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1342 ARMY nomination of Drew R. Conover, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1343 ARMY nomination of Bradley D. Osterman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1344 ARMY nomination of Francisco J. Lopez, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1346 ARMY nominations (4) beginning TIMOTHY D. AIKEN, and ending JAMES R. WEAKLEY, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1347 ARMY nomination of George A. Rollins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1348 ARMY nomination of McArthur Walker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1349 ARMY nominations (4) beginning TIMOTHY D. COVINGTON, and ending ERIC A. KENNEDY, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1379 ARMY nomination of Nilson Orozcooviedo, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 18, 2016. PN1380 ARMY nomination of Pierre E. Saintfleur, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 18, 2016. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN1126 MARINE CORPS nomination of John A. Yukica, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 28, 2016. PN1129 MARINE CORPS nominations (3) beginning MATRIX W. ELIAS, and ending NICHOLAS J. TAZZA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 28, 2016. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1201 NAVY nomination of Brian D. Hen-nessy, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 3, 2016. PN1224 NAVY nomination of Donald C. King, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 14, 2016. PN1279 NAVY nomination of Stephanie M. Simoni, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1280 NAVY nomination of Jennifer L. Shafer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1281 NAVY nominations (3) beginning JUSTIN K. CONROY, and ending REBECCA L. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1282 NAVY nomination of Brice A. Goodwin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1283 NAVY nomination of Brian J. Hamer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1284 NAVY nomination of Scott F. Gruwell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1285 NAVY nomination of Shannon D. Lorimer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1308 NAVY nominations (11) beginning DANIELLE M. BARNES, and ending MARK R. THOMAS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1309 NAVY nomination of William A. Hlavin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1312 NAVY nomination of Phillip G. Cyr, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1350 NAVY nomination of Donald E. Speights, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1366 NAVY nomination of Luis A. Bencomo, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. AFGHANISTAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 189, S. 1875. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1875) to support enhanced ac-countability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken is shown in boldface brackets and the part of the bill intended to be inserted is shown in italic.) 
S. 1875 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Afghanistan Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. TITLE I—EFFECTIVE AFGHANISTAN ASSISTANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Following the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom, and since then the United States Armed Forces and the Af-ghan National Security Forces have made countless sacrifices in defending Afghanistan against the threat of terrorism and insur-gency and by extension the United States and the wider world. (2) Since 2001, the United States has worked with a broad coalition of nations that has helped to dramatically improve nu-merous development indicators within Af-ghanistan, including a dramatic increase in the number of girls enrolled in primary edu-cation from an estimated 5,000 under the Taliban to 2,400,000 girls as of 2010; an in-crease in the percentage of individuals above the poverty line from 25.4 percent in 2002 to 35.8 percent in 2011; an increase in the per-centage of individuals who now have access to an improved water source in rural areas from 22 percent in 2001 to 56 percent in 2012; a precipitous decline in maternal mortality from 1200/100,000 births in 1995 to 400/100,000 births in 2013; and an expansion of women’s rights; (3) Numerous research studies have shown that government corruption is a driver of conflict and particularly so in Afghanistan, where it has served as a powerful recruit-ment tool for the Taliban. (4) Since the first democratic transfer of power in the history of Afghanistan in 2014, President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah have led a Na-tional Unity Government that has identified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.076 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2574 April 28, 2016 
key security and development challenges in order to make Afghanistan a full and produc-tive member of the community of demo-cratic nations. (5) The National Unity Government has re-newed specific focus on addressing corrup-tion within the country as a driver of insta-bility, including reopening a fraud case in-volving high level officials and the Kabul Bank that resulted in the disappearance of an estimated $1,000,000,000. (6) In its report ‘‘Realizing Self Reliance: Commitments to Reform and Renewed Part-nership’’, the Government of Afghanistan committed to the international community in London in December 2014, to address the ‘‘main drivers of corruption in Afghanistan,’’ including ‘‘collusive procurement practices, weak rule of law and abuse of the legal sys-tem, and arbitrary regulations that build in incentives to pay bribes’’. Government of Af-ghanistan commitments included— (A) forming an independent anti-corrup-tion commission with time-bound prosecu-torial powers; (B) implementing recommendations by the Monitoring and Evaluation Committee on a national action plan to reduce corruption; (C) requiring all government officials to provide public declarations of their assets; (D) meeting all Financial Action Task Force (FATF) requirements to further limit and investigate illicit fund flows; (E) forming a national procurement board staffed by qualified professionals who will manage all large value contracts using inter-nationally recognized standards and proce-dures; and (F) delineating the roles, responsibilities, and jurisdiction of anti-corruption institu-tions such as the High Office of Oversight and Anti-Corruption (HOO) and the Attorney General to restrict them to focus on their core function of enforcement instead of over-sight. (7) The December 2014 Government of Af-ghanistan report ‘‘Realizing Self Reliance: Commitments to Reform and Renewed Part-nership’’, expressed a commitment to ‘‘en-hancing productivity, growth and revenues’’ by— (A) developing natural resources through public-private partnerships that bring in rents, taxes, and profits; (B) removing obstacles to trade and transit and ending smuggling that diverts revenue away from the treasury; (C) negotiating expanded market access in regional and global markets; (D) gradually formalizing the informal economy and changing the compact between the state and citizens to one where citizens pay taxes for services they tangibly benefit from; and (E) transferring government payments electronically to eliminate losses in transit. (8) In 2012, international donors and the Government of Afghanistan agreed to the Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework (‘‘TMAF’’) which committed to provide $4,000,000,000 in economic assistance per year from 2012-2015 and sustain assistance at or near the same levels of the past decade through 2017, while the Government of Af-ghanistan committed to meet benchmarks related to democracy and governance, public finance and revenue generation, and eco-nomic development. (9) At the end of 2014, under the TMAF, the Government of Afghanistan had fallen short in meeting benchmarks related to: revenue collection, the enhancement of women’s rights, corruption and the illicit economy, and the protection of human rights, (10) In the Joint Declaration following the London Conference on Afghanistan of De-cember 4, 2014, the international community and the new Government of Afghanistan agreed to refresh the existing TMAF and as-sociated commitments at the 2015 Senior Of-ficials Meeting based on the reform program and priorities as laid out by the Government of Afghanistan. (11) Afghanistan faces great difficulties in making progress in countering illegal nar-cotics and remains the leading global illicit opium poppy producer. (12) The illegal narcotics trade results in the transfer of illicit funds and encourages and also requires corrupt financial trans-actions, and, if minimized, could have bene-ficial impacts on trade and reduce overall levels of corruption. (13) The international community has en-dorsed Afghanistan’s longer-term develop-ment following the war and identified the criticality of the ‘‘transformation decade’’ from 2015-2024 outlined by the Government of Afghanistan and has acknowledged that the Government of Afghanistan will seek contin-ued international assistance in order for it to become a stable, self-sustained partner in the community of democratic countries. (14) As development assistance from the United States and broader international community gradually diminishes in the com-ing years, the accelerated development of the Afghan private sector and governing in-stitutions becomes even more necessary to maintain the gains of the past decade and to enhance our mutual goals of Afghan security and stability. (15) While Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF) have taken over lead combat respon-sibilities, they continue to operate in close coordination with, and with significant re-sources from the international community, under the Train, Advise and Assist (TAA) mission of Operation Inherent Resolve and in coordination with ongoing counter-terrorism operations. Development of civilian over-sight institutions for the security sector has lagged. Such oversight will be important for ensuring that Afghan security forces are ac-countable and do not abuse their powers. 
SEC. 102. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY IN AFGHANISTAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the National Unity Government of Af-ghanistan has made a substantial commit-ment to reform that should be supported but also subject to heightened scrutiny by the Afghan people and international donors given past failures and persistent challenges in the country; (2) Afghanistan is at a critical inflection point, having gone through political and se-curity transitions as the international com-munity draws down its military forces. The international community should work close-ly with the new government in supporting development priorities for the rest of the transformation decade that translate into producing concrete development results for the Afghan people; (3) sustainable accountability and reform of Afghan governing institutions will not come from the international community but from a commitment by the Government of Afghanistan and society reinforced by do-mestic watchdog groups and internal govern-ment accountability monitoring mecha-nisms; (4) the United States Government should deepen its dialogue on anti-corruption ef-forts with the Government of Afghanistan to develop effective oversight mechanisms to ensure large donor contracts do not con-tribute to corruption; (5) the United States should encourage Af-ghanistan’s participation in the Open Gov-ernment Partnership, a multilateral initia-tive in which government and civil society collaborate to promote transparency, fight corruption, and use technologies to strength-en government; (6) the United States should urge the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan to build upon exist-ing anti-money laundering and countering terrorism financing legislation by developing effective regulations and institutions to im-plement reforms; (7) the United States should urge the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan to broaden personal asset disclosures to include members of the covered officials’ immediate families or households and develop effective mecha-nisms for verifying disclosed information; (8) in the event of future egregious cases of corruption in Afghanistan, the President should impose visa bans and asset freezes on those responsible, especially in instances where United States assistance is stolen or misappropriated; (9) the United States Government should cooperate with the Government of Afghani-stan and with international donors to de-velop a series of strict accountability bench-marks based on the refreshed Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework and the Govern-ment of Afghanistan’s own ‘‘Realizing Self Reliance’’ report commitments that will condition levels of assistance and the amount of on-budget assistance on anti-cor-ruption performance acceptable to donors; (10) the United States should support the Afghan Parliament to refine and strengthen the legal framework of anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws to address bene-ficial ownership, countering bid-rigging and other contracting and procurement fraud, criminal investigations of financial trans-actions, complementary banks, personal asset or other financial declarations and dis-closures as required by law or regulation, ef-forts to meet FATF requirements, and other areas to further inhibit the illicit flow of money; (11) the commitment by the Government of Afghanistan to strengthen its nascent pri-vate sector should be supported and sus-tained using the full array of tools of the United States, including technical and legal assistance; (12) United States assistance to the Afghan judicial system and other Afghan legal insti-tutions that enable and empower private sec-tor development by instilling greater inves-tor confidence should be prioritized to ensure the protection of private property, the sanc-tity of contracts, and effective dispute reso-lution mechanisms for businesses and inves-tors; (13) the United States Government should identify opportunities for the United States to introduce trade facilitation as part of the economic relationship between the two coun-tries; (14) the Governments of the United States and Afghanistan should work together to identify more Afghan products and raw ma-terials to be included on the United States Generalized System of Preferences (GSP) treatment list; (15) the United States Government should establish a United States-Afghan Tax Com-mission to help spearhead a rapid and suc-cessful conclusion of a new Bilateral Tax Agreement similar to the Agreements with several of Afghanistan’s neighbors, including Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, India, and Paki-stan; (16) the American University of Afghani-stan is an emerging pillar in Afghanistan’s education system and has provided a unique opportunity for higher education for Afghan youth, especially women; and (17) the United States should encourage the Government of Afghanistan to imple-ment with urgency electoral reforms in ac-cordance with the ‘‘Agreement between the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.069 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2575 April 28, 2016 
Two Campaign Teams Regarding the Struc-ture of the National Unity Government’’. 
SEC. 103. UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE POLICY FOR AFGHANISTAN. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to conduct assistance programs that re-sult in highly effective, impact driven devel-opment outcomes for the people of Afghani-stan while maintaining the highest stand-ards of accountability for United States tax-payers; (2) that all United States Government agencies and entities working in Afghanistan coordinate, plan, and regularly review plans in a coherent, well-informed process to de-velop United States policy and assistance programming; (3) to support the development of effective Government of Afghanistan oversight insti-tutions and domestic watchdog civil society organizations; (4) subject to significant evident progress made in meeting TMAF accountability and improved governance as it relates to devel-opment, to abide by resource commitments made as part of the Tokyo Mutual Account-ability Framework; (5) to provide incentivized assistance to Af-ghanistan’s governing institutions based upon verifiable and measurable development outcomes and on-budget assistance based upon demonstrated capacity improvements that are mutually agreed to by the Govern-ments of Afghanistan and the United States; (6) to support the development of demo-cratic governing institutions in Afghanistan, promote the development of a growing pri-vate sector, and strengthen civil society in Afghanistan; (7) to recognize that Afghanistan’s sustain-able development is grounded in growing the regional economy, and to support the efforts of the Government and people of Afghanistan to build strong regional economic connectivity with the country’s [neighbors; and] (8) øto support, where appropriate, proven programs that promote private sector job creation in Afghanistan.¿ neighbors; (8) to support, where appropriate, proven pro-grams that promote private sector job creation in Afghanistan; and (9) that assistance programs in direct support of Afghan women and girls remain a priority for the United States, including specific efforts to support women and girls education, meaningful engagement in political and reconciliation proc-esses, training and recruitment of Afghan fe-male police and security forces, advancement of women’s legal rights, economic development, and efforts to increase the overall health and well-being of Afghan women and girls. 
SEC. 104. EFFECTIVE AFGHANISTAN ASSISTANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) S TRATEGY TO COMBAT CORRUPTION IN  A
FGHANISTAN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Government of Afghanistan, shall develop a comprehensive interagency strat-egy for United States assistance that is sus-tainable and is not counter-productive to combatting corruption in Afghanistan. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy developed under paragraph (1) should include the fol-lowing elements: (A) Multi-year goals, objectives, and meas-urable outcomes for targeted activities to strengthen selected Afghan official institu-tions and nongovernmental organizations to prevent, investigate, deter, and prosecute corruption. (B) An operational plan incorporating all United States Government programming to implement the anti-corruption goals and ob-jectives. (C) A summary of United States efforts to coordinate with other international donors to ensure that anti-corruption advice or pro-gramming provided to the Government of Af-ghanistan is not contradictory. (D) A focus on the development of govern-mental and nongovernmental Afghan capac-ity to ensure accountability and combat cor-ruption. (E) An evaluation of Afghan civil society anti-corruption capacities that includes their ability to use technology to combat corruption. (b) AFGHANISTAN ANTI-CORRUPTION FUND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of funds, the President is authorized to provide technical and financial assistance to official Government of Afghanistan anti- corruption and audit institutions and Afghan civil society watchdog groups in support of the anti-corruption priorities identified by the Government of Afghanistan and the United States Government. Subject to care-ful consideration by the United States Gov-ernment of the legitimacy, efficacy, and di-rect impact and influence of such entities and individuals, offices, and organizations that are funded under this subsection could include— (A) the Supreme Audit Office; (B) the Attorney General; (C) the Ministry of Justice; (D) Inspectors General within key min-istries; (E) the Independent Joint Anti-Corruption Monitoring and Evaluation Committee (MEC); (F) the major crimes task force, Technical Investigative Unit, and the Sensitive Inves-tigative Unit; (G) the High Office of Oversight and Anti- Corruption; (H) the Anti-Corruption Tribunal; (I) the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Center of Afghanistan; (J) the proposed procurement board; and (K) civil society organizations engaged in oversight, anti-corruption advocacy, and support of good governance. (c) P
ROMOTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS , PRESS F
REEDOM , AND SECURITY SECTOR ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of funds, the Secretary of State, in cooperation with the Secretary of Defense, should provide support for efforts of the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan to improve oversight and accountability of the Afghan National Security Forces, including the Afghan Na-tional Police, and Afghan local police, and strengthen Afghan civil society and inves-tigative journalists to provide watchdog oversight of these institutions. Subject to due consideration of the legitimacy, efficacy, and direct impact and influence of such enti-ties and individuals, these efforts could in-clude— (A) supporting the ANSF to strengthen the capacity, independence, and power of its in-ternal Inspector General to collect and in-vestigate all credible reports of abuse by armed forces; (B) supporting the Office of the Attorney General and the Ministries of Defense and In-terior to be better capable to investigate and, if appropriate, criminally prosecute po-lice, military, intelligence, and militia per-sonnel, regardless of rank, found responsible for human rights abuses and war crimes; (C) considering establishing a special inde-pendent mechanism to investigate govern-ment officials and security force officers im-plicated in abuses; (D) supporting the Ministry of Interior to establish a centralized register of all detain-ees held in police and National Directorate of Security custody, and ensure that it is ac-cessible to independent monitors and is up-dated regularly and in a transparent manner; (E) supporting implementation of the Ac-cess to Information Law and the 2009 Mass Media Law, particularly provisions of the latter that would disband the Media Viola-tions Investigation Commission and replace it with a Mass Media Commission; (F) supporting the Attorney General’s Of-fice to undertake prompt, impartial, and thorough investigations into all attacks on journalists and media organizations and bring prosecutions as appropriate; and (G) supporting the further establishment of civil society organizations to provide essen-tial ‘‘watchdog’’ oversight of the police and armed forces; as well as efforts to strengthen and improve coordination among civil soci-ety organizations, such as the Afghan Inde-pendent Human Rights Commission. (d) DEVELOPMENT OF THE AFGHAN PRIVATE  S
ECTOR .— (1) R
EGIONAL ECONOMIC CONNECTIVITY  
FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Regional Economic Connectivity Fund from which funds may be made available from existing appropriations to enhance re-gional economic connectivity between Af-ghanistan and the countries of South and Central Asia. (B) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Regional Economic Connectivity Fund is to provide support for efforts to enhance Afghanistan’s economic connectivity with its neighbors, thus improving the country’s overall eco-nomic prospects and diminishing the need for international assistance in the future. The Regional Economic Connectivity Fund may be used to support programs in the fol-lowing areas: (i) Trade and transit fee normalization and electronic payment systems. (ii) Capacity and skills development to im-prove collaboration among countries for bor-der and customs. (iii) Women-owned business networking. (iv) Developing regional options on transit and customs to facilitate trade. (v) Enhancing and implementing con-fidence building measures. (vi) Encouraging regional energy and elec-tricity development and sharing. (vii) Market access and business con-ferences. (viii) Intellectual and cultural exchanges to engage in regional problem solving. (2) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—In addition to other transfer authorities available to the Department of State, the Department of De-fense, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID) or other United States Government agencies or de-partments, funds that are specifically allo-cated towards addressing the situation in Af-ghanistan may be transferred to programs in South and Central Asia that promote re-gional economic connectivity with substan-tial and direct benefits to Afghanistan. 
SEC. 105. REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORTING ON CORRUPTION IN AFGHANI -
STAN .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2024, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report listing each individual who the President determines, based on credible evidence— (1) is an Government of Afghanistan offi-cial, a senior associate, or close relative of such an official, who is responsible for, or complicit in, ordering, controlling, or other-wise directing, acts of significant corruption, including the expropriation of private or public assets for personal gain, corruption related to government contracts or the ex-traction of natural resources, bribery, or the facilitation or transfer of the proceeds of corruption to foreign jurisdictions; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.069 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2576 April 28, 2016 
(2) has materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or techno-logical support for, or goods or services in support of, an activity described above. (b) R
EPORT ON CIVILIAN -MILITARY ASSIST -
ANCE EFFORTS IN AFGHANISTAN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on civilian-mili-tary assistance efforts in Afghanistan. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of lessons learned from conducting development programming in a conflict zone to include recommendations on how to improve coordination between United States development agencies and the United States Armed Forces. (B) An assessment of the ability of the United States Agency for International De-velopment to advance development goals within a conflict environment, operating alongside providers of United States mili-tary assistance. (C) An assessment of whether funding under the Commander’s Emergency Response Program achieved the program’s stated goals and whether this program had any long term development impact, including any negative unintended consequences. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be with-drawn, the Menendez substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3885) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 1875), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL BISON LEGACY ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 438, H.R. 2908. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2908) to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2908) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
KIDS TO PARKS DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 435 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 435) designating May 21, 2016, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 435) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of April 21, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 448, S. Res. 449, S. Res. 450, S. Res. 451, S. Res. 452, S. Res. 453, S. Res. 454, and S. Res. 455. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
S. RES. 452 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I submitted a bipartisan resolu-tion recognizing that April is Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month. Senators L
EAHY , A YOTTE , C
ASEY , ERNST , and G ILLIBRAND have joined as cosponsors of the resolution, and I thank them for their support. Our purpose in introducing the reso-lution is to bring greater awareness to the problem of sexual assault and pub-licly acknowledge the survivors. Ac-cording to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, someone is sexually assaulted every two minutes, on aver-age, in the United States. Sexual as-sault can take many forms, including rape, commercial sex trafficking, child sexual abuse, and stalking. Rape, which is the second most vio-lent crime in the United States—sec-ond only to murder, according to the FBI—can happen to anyone. According to the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence, the consequences of rape can be profound for its victims, and may include post-traumatic stress disorder, depression, or even suicide. In communities across the United States, Americans have commemo-rated the month of April with activi-ties designed to support survivors of sexual violence in their efforts to heal. Before the month comes to a close, it is important that Congress also express its support for the goals and ideals of Sexual Assault Awareness Month. I would also like to take a moment to mention several other bipartisan, anti-sexual assault measures that I have championed during the month of April, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting these initiatives too. First, just last week, the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, of which I serve as chairman, cleared legislation that’s de-signed to help sexual assault victims secure justice. I incorporated this lan-guage into the Adam Walsh Reauthor-ization Act, a measure I introduced earlier this year at the urging of a young woman who survived a sexual assault and founded an organization, RISE, that’s dedicated to helping other survivors. The measure reported by our com-mittee by voice vote on April 20th would amend the federal crime victims’ statute to add a number of new rights specific to sexual assault survivors. If it’s enacted, victims of federal crimes of sexual violence would have the right not to be prevented from, or charged for, receiving a medical forensic exam. They would have the right to have a sexual assault evidence collection kit preserved, without charge, until the statutory limitations period for pros-ecuting the crime has expired or ten years has elapsed. They would have the right to be informed of the results when their forensic evidence is ana-lyzed. And they would have the right to written notice of policies governing their evidence kit’s collection and preservation, as well as the right to no-tice if that evidence is about to be dis-carded. The latest version of the Adam Walsh Reauthorization also would make Jus-tice Department grants available to en-tities that notify sexual violence vic-tims of any applicable rights under state law. Finally, this legislation would extend the statutory period in which child survivors of human traf-ficking and child sexual abuse offenses can file suit against the perpetrators. The bill has been endorsed not only by RISE but also by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Net-work, and the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence. Senators S
CHUMER , H
ATCH , F EINSTEIN , L EAHY , S HAHEEN , C
OONS , DURBIN , and K LOBUCHAR have joined as cosponsors. Also last week, I joined Senator G
ILLIBRAND in calling on President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.069 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2577 April 28, 2016 
Obama to take additional steps to in-vestigate military sexual assault. We contacted the President to voice our concerns shortly after an organization known as Protect Our Defenders re-leased a report questioning the accu-racy of congressional testimony by a Pentagon official during a hearing on sexual assault in the military. Last but not least, due to my con-cerns about campus sexual assault, I am an original cosponsor of the Cam-pus Accountability and Safety Act. I joined Senators H
ELLER , M CCASKILL , G
ILLIBRAND , AYOTTE , and others in in-troducing this bill last year. It would make additional support services avail-able to student survivors of campus rape, require training standards and uniform discipline procedures for cam-pus officials, and add transparency re-quirements for the Nation’s univer-sities. Earlier this week, the cospon-sors of this measure came together to publicly call for prompt action on this legislation. Mr. President, I will close by urging my colleagues to support adoptoin of the resolution we have submitted today. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 365 only, with no other exec-utive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, a Career Member of the Sen-ior Executive Service, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the United Mexican States. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate on the nomination, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Jacobson nomina-tion? The nomination was confirmed. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
VENEZUELA DEFENSE OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND CIVIL SOCIETY EX-TENSION ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 445, S. 2845. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2845) to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken is shown in boldface brackets and the part of the bill intended to be inserted is shown in italic.) 
S. 2845 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Extension Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF TERMINATION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO VEN-EZUELA. 
Section 5(e) of the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–278; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘øDecember 31, 2021¿ December 31, 2019’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment was agreed to. The bill (S. 2845), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2845 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Extension Act of 2016’’. SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF TERMINATION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO VEN-EZUELA. 
Section 5(e) of the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–278; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. f 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE OPER-ATIONS AUTHORIZATION AND EMBASSY SECURITY ACT, FIS-CAL YEAR 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 123, S. 1635. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1635) to authorize the Depart-ment of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Corker amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3886) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To remove language relating to Iran hostages compensation, to provide that the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom shall have pri-mary responsibility for religious freedom training, and to make other technical amendments) On page 16, strike lines 10 through 12 and insert the following: ‘‘the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Sen-ate, the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives, the majority leader of the House of Representatives, the minority leader of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that—’’. On page 30, lines 9 and 10, strike ‘‘in the event of a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran’’. On page 30, lines 20 and 21, strike ‘‘entering into a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran’’ and insert ‘‘the date of the enact-ment of this Act’’. On page 30, line 23, insert ‘‘the majority leader, the minority leader,’’ after ‘‘(1)’’. On page 31, line 1, insert ‘‘the Speaker, the majority leader, the minority leader,’’ after ‘‘(2)’’. Beginning on page 32, lines 24 and 25, strike ‘‘, as appropriate’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the United States’’ on page 33, line 1, and insert ‘‘with other United States Gov-ernment agencies, including the intelligence community, and, as appropriate, the United States’’. Strike section 122. On page 47, lines 14 and 15, strike ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.072 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2578 April 28, 2016 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives’’. On page 90, line 24, insert ‘‘and to the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘congressional committees’’. On page 92, line 18, insert ‘‘and to the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘committees’’. On page 116, line 20, strike ‘‘Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom appointed under section 101(b) of the International Re-ligious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411(b))’’. Beginning on page 117, line 14, strike ‘‘Sec-retary of State’’ and all that follows through ‘‘in consultation with’’ on page 118, line 1, and insert the following: ‘‘Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom shall carry out paragraph (1)— (A) in coordination with the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Af-fairs Training Center and other Federal offi-cials, as appropriate; and (B) in consultation with On page 160, line 16, insert ‘‘to the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, the majority leader of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives, and’’ after ‘‘the report’’. Strike sections 501 and 502 and insert: 
SEC. 501 WORLDWIDE SECURITY PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for worldwide security pro-tection shall to the extent practicable, be-fore any such funds may be allocated to any other authorized purpose, be allocated for— (1) immediate threat mitigation support in accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 531; (2) immediate threat mitigation support in accordance with subsection (b) at other fa-cilities; and (3) locations with high vulnerabilities. (b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION SUPPORT  P
RIORITIZATION .—In allocating funding for immediate mitigation support pursuant to this section, the Secretary shall prioritize funding for— (1) the purchasing of additional security equipment, including additional defensive weaponry; (2) the paying of expenses of additional se-curity forces; and (3) any other purposes necessary to miti-gate immediate threats to United States per-sonnel serving overseas. 
SEC. 502. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for Worldwide Security Up-grades within ‘‘embassy security, construc-tion and maintenance’’ shall to the extent practicable, before any funds may be allo-cated to any other authorized purpose, be al-located in the prioritized order of— (1) immediate threat mitigation projects in accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 531; (2) other security upgrades to facilities de-termined to be high threat, high risk pursu-ant to section 531; (3) all other immediate threat mitigation projects in accordance with subsection (b); and (4) security upgrades to all other facilities or new construction for facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to sec-tion 531. (b) IMMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION  P
ROJECTS PRIORITIZATION .—In allocating funding for immediate threat mitigation projects pursuant to this section, the Sec-retary shall prioritize funding for the con-struction of safeguards that provide imme-diate security benefits and any other pur-poses necessary to mitigate immediate threats to United States personnel serving overseas. (c) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .—No funds au-thorized to be appropriated shall be obli-gated for new embassy construction, other than for high threat, high risk facilities, un-less the Secretary certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that— (1) the Department has fully complied with the requirements of subsection (a); (2) high threat, high risk facilities are being secured to the best of the United States Government’s ability; and (3) the Secretary will make funds available from the Embassy Security, Construction and Maintenance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new immediate threat mitigation projects. (d) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on— (1) funding for the priorities described in subsection (a); (2) efforts to secure high threat, high risk facilities as well as high vulnerability loca-tions facilities; and (3) plans to make funds available from the Embassy Security, Construction and Mainte-nance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new im-mediate threat mitigation projects. 
The bill (S. 1635), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1635 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of State Operations Au-thorization and Embassy Security Act, Fis-cal Year 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE AUTHORITIES AND ACTIVITIES Subtitle A—Basic Authorities and Activities Sec. 101. American spaces review. Sec. 102. Identifying bilateral investment treaty opportunities. Sec. 103. Reinstatement of Hong Kong re-port. Sec. 104. Interagency hostage recovery coor-dinator. Sec. 105. United States-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue review. Sec. 106. Report on human rights violations in Burma. Sec. 107. Combating anti-semitism. Sec. 108. Biotechnology grants. Sec. 109. Definition of ‘‘use’’ in passport and visa offenses. Sec. 110. Science and technology fellow-ships. Sec. 111. Name changes. Sec. 112. Anti-piracy information sharing. Sec. 113. Report reform. Sec. 114. Sense of Congress on the United States alliance with Japan. Sec. 115. Sense of Congress on the defense relationship between the United States and the Republic of India. Sec. 116. Sense of Congress on the United States alliance with the Repub-lic of Korea. Sec. 117. Sense of Congress on the relation-ship between the United States and Taiwan. Sec. 118. Report on political freedom in Ven-ezuela. Sec. 119. Strategy for the Middle East in the event of a comprehensive nu-clear agreement with Iran. Sec. 120. Department of State international cyberspace policy strategy. Sec. 121. Waiver of fees for renewal of immi-grant visa for adopted child in certain situations. Sec. 122. Sense of Congress on anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incitement within the Palestinian Author-ity. Sec. 123. Support for the sovereignty, inde-pendence, territorial integrity, and inviolability of post-Soviet countries in light of Russian aggression and interference. Sec. 124. Russian propaganda report. Sec. 125. Approval of export licences and let-ters of request to assist the Government of Ukraine. Subtitle B—Additional Matters Sec. 131. Atrocities prevention board. Sec. 132. United States engagement in the Indo-Pacific. Sec. 133. Joint action plan to combat preju-dice and discrimination and to foster inclusion. Sec. 134. Report on developing country debt sustainability. Sec. 135. United States strategy to prevent and respond to gender-based vi-olence globally. Sec. 136. International corruption and ac-countability. Sec. 137. Quadrennial diplomacy and devel-opment review. Sec. 138. Disappeared persons in Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador. Sec. 139. Report on implementation by the Government of Bahrain of rec-ommendations from the Bah-rain Independent Commission of Inquiry. Sec. 140. Report on United States humani-tarian assistance to Haiti and whether recent elections in Haiti meet international elec-tion standards. Sec. 141. Sense of Congress with respect to the imposition of additional sanctions against the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea. TITLE II—ORGANIZATION AND PER-SONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE Subtitle A—Organizational Matters Sec. 201. Rightsizing accountability. Sec. 202. Integration of foreign economic policy. Sec. 203. Review of Bureau of African Affairs and Bureau of Near Eastern Af-fairs jurisdictions. Sec. 204. Special envoys, representatives, ad-visors, and coordinators. Sec. 205. Conflict prevention, mitigation and resolution, and the inclusion and participation of women. Sec. 206. Information technology system se-curity. Sec. 207. Analysis of embassy cost sharing. Sec. 208. Parent advisory committee to the Interagency Working Group to Prevent International Parental Child Abduction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.073 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2579 April 28, 2016 
Sec. 209. Improving research and evaluation of public diplomacy. Sec. 210. Enhanced institutional capacity of the Bureau of African Affairs. Subtitle B—Personnel Matters Sec. 211. Review of Foreign Service Officer compensation. Sec. 212. Repeal of recertification require-ment for senior Foreign Serv-ice. Sec. 213. Compensatory time off for travel. Sec. 214. Certificates of demonstrated com-petence. Sec. 215. Foreign Service assignment re-strictions. Sec. 216. Security clearance suspensions. Sec. 217. Economic statecraft education and training. Sec. 218. Report on diversity recruitment, employment, retention, and promotion. Sec. 219. Expansion of the Charles B. Rangel International Affairs Program, the Thomas R. Pickering For-eign Affairs Fellowship Pro-gram, and the Donald M. Payne International Development Fel-lowship Program. Sec. 220. Retention of mid- and senior-level professionals from underrep-resented groups. Sec. 221. Review of jurisdictional respon-sibilities of the Special Rep-resentative to Afghanistan and Pakistan and the Bureau of South and Central Asian Af-fairs. Sec. 222. Congressional notification of coun-tries compliance with minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking. Sec. 223. International religious freedom training program. TITLE III—INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS Subtitle A—United States Contributions to International Organizations Sec. 301. Reports concerning the United Na-tions. Sec. 302. Annual report on financial con-tributions to international or-ganizations. Sec. 303. Report on peacekeeping arrears, credits, and contributions. Sec. 304. Assessment rate transparency. Subtitle B—Accountability at International Organizations Sec. 311. Preventing abuse in peacekeeping. Sec. 312. Inclusion of peacekeeping abuses in country report on human rights practices. Sec. 313. Evaluation of United Nations peacekeeping missions. Subtitle C—Personnel Matters Sec. 321. Encouraging employment of United States citizens at the United Nations. Sec. 322. Ensuring appropriate United Na-tions personnel salaries. TITLE IV—CONSULAR AUTHORITIES Sec. 401. Visa ineligibility for international child abductors. Sec. 402. Presumption of immigrant intent for H and L visa classifications. Sec. 403. Visa information sharing. TITLE V—EMBASSY SECURITY Subtitle A—Allocation of Authorized Security Appropriations. Sec. 501. Worldwide security protection. Sec. 502. Embassy security, construction and maintenance. Subtitle B—Contracting and Other Matters. Sec. 511. Local guard contracts abroad under diplomatic security program. Sec. 512. Disciplinary action resulting from unsatisfactory leadership in re-lation to a security incident. Sec. 513. Management and staff account-ability. Sec. 514. Security enhancements for soft tar-gets. Subtitle C—Marine Corps Security Guard Program Sec. 521. Additional reports on expansion and enhancement of Marine Corps Security Guard Program. Subtitle D—Defending High Threat, High Risk Posts Sec. 531. Designation and reporting for high threat, high risk posts. Sec. 532. Designation and reporting for high- risk counterintelligence threat posts. Sec. 533. Enhanced qualifications for Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for high threat, high risk posts. Sec. 534. Security environment threat list briefings. Sec. 535. Comptroller General of the United States report on implementa-tion of Benghazi Accountability Review Board recommenda-tions. Sec. 536. Foreign Affairs Security Training Center. Sec. 537. Language training. Subtitle E—Accountability Review Boards Sec. 541. Provision of copies of account-ability review board reports to Congress. Sec. 542. Staffing. TITLE VI—MANAGEMENT AND ACCOUNTABILITY Sec. 601. Short title. Sec. 602. Competitive hiring status for former employees of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Re-construction. Sec. 603. Assurance of independence of IT systems. 
Sec. 604. Protecting the integrity of internal investigations. Sec. 605. Report on Inspector General in-spection and auditing of For-eign Service posts and bureaus and operating units Depart-ment of State. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of State. (3) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS .—The term ‘‘peacekeeping credits’’ means the amounts by which United States assessed peace-keeping contributions exceed actual expendi-tures, apportioned to the United States, of peacekeeping operations by the United Na-tions during a United Nations peacekeeping fiscal year. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of State. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE AUTHORITIES AND ACTIVITIES Subtitle A—Basic Authorities and Activities 
SEC. 101. AMERICAN SPACES REVIEW. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that includes— (1) the full costs incurred by the Depart-ment to provide American Spaces, includ-ing— (A) American Centers, American Corners, Binational Centers, Information Resource Centers, and Science Centers; and (B) the total costs of all associated— (i) employee salaries, including foreign service, American civilian, and locally em-ployed staff; (ii) programming expenses; (iii) operating expenses; (iv) contracting expenses; and (v) security expenses; (2) a breakdown of the total costs described in paragraph (1) by each space and type of space; (3) the total fees collected for entry to, or the use of, American Spaces and related re-sources, including a breakdown by the type of fee for each space and type of space; and (4) the total usage rates, including by type of service, for each space and type of space. SEC. 102. IDENTIFYING BILATERAL INVESTMENT TREATY OPPORTUNITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that includes a detailed description of— (1) the status of all ongoing investment treaty negotiations, including a strategy and timetable for concluding each such negotia-tion; (2) a strategy to expand the investment treaty agenda, including through— (A) launching new investment treaty nego-tiations with foreign partners that are cur-rently capable of entering into such negotia-tions; and (B) building the capacity of foreign part-ners to enter into such negotiations, includ-ing by encouraging the adoption of best prac-tices with respect to investment; and (3) an estimate of any resources that will be needed, including anticipated staffing lev-els— (A) to conclude all ongoing negotiations described in paragraph (1); (B) to launch new investment treaty nego-tiations, as described in paragraph (2)(A); and (C) to build the capacity of foreign part-ners, as described in paragraph (2)(B). 
SEC. 103. REINSTATEMENT OF HONG KONG RE-PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary shall submit the report required under section 301 of the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 5731) to the appropriate congressional committees. (b) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—The report sub-mitted under subsection (a) should be unclas-sified and made publicly available, including through the Department’s public website. (c) T
REATMENT OF HONG KONG UNDER  U
NITED STATES LAW.— (1) S
ECRETARY OF STATE CERTIFICATION RE -
QUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall certify to Congress whether Hong Kong Spe-cial Administrative Region is sufficiently autonomous to justify different treatment for its citizens from the treatment accorded to other citizens of the People’s Republic of China in any new laws, agreements, treaties, or arrangements entered into between the United States and Hong Kong after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) F
ACTOR FOR CONSIDERATION .—In making a certification under subparagraph (A), the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2580 April 28, 2016 
Secretary should consider the terms, obliga-tions, and expectations expressed in the Joint Declaration with respect to Hong Kong. (C) E
XCEPTION .—A certification shall not be required under this subsection with re-spect to any new laws, agreements, treaties, or arrangements that support human rights, rule of law, or democracy in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. (2) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Secretary— (A) determines that such a waiver is in the national interests of the United States; and (B) on or before the date on which such waiver would take effect, submits a notice of, and justification for, the waiver to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 104. INTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate an existing Federal officer to coordinate efforts to se-cure the release of United States persons who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism. For purposes of car-rying out the duties described in paragraph (2), such officer shall have the title of ‘‘Inter-agency Hostage Recovery Coordinator’’. (2) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall have the following duties: (A) Coordinate and direct all activities of the Federal Government relating to each hostage situation described in paragraph (1) to ensure efforts to secure the release of all hostages in the hostage situation are prop-erly resourced and correct lines of authority are established and maintained. (B) Establish and direct a fusion cell con-sisting of appropriate personnel of the Fed-eral Government with purview over each hostage situation described in paragraph (1). (C) Develop a strategy to keep family members of hostages described in paragraph (1) informed of the status of such hostages and inform such family members of updates, procedures, and policies that do not com-promise the national security of the United States. (b) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-ity of the Interagency Hostage Recovery Co-ordinator shall be limited to hostage cases outside the United States. (c) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On a quarterly basis, the Coordinator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the members of Congress described in paragraph (2) a re-port that includes a summary of each hos-tage situation described in sub-section (a)(1) and efforts to secure the release of all hos-tages in such hostage situation. (2) M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS DESCRIBED .—The members of Congress described in this sub-paragraph are, with respect to a United States person hostage covered by a report under paragraph (1), the Senators rep-resenting the State, and the Member, Dele-gate, or Resident Commissioner of the House of Representatives representing the district, where a hostage described in subjection (a)(1) resides. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report under this subsection may be submitted in classi-fied or unclassified form. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as author-izing the Federal Government to negotiate with a state sponsor of terrorism or an orga-nization that the Secretary has designated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) or any other hos-tage-takers. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
OSTILE GROUP .—The term ‘‘hostile group’’ means— (A) a group that is designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)); (B) a group that is engaged in armed con-flict with the United States; or (C) any other group that the President de-termines to be a hostile group for purposes of this paragraph. (2) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’— (A) means a country the government of which the Secretary has determined, for pur-poses of section 6(j) of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979, section 620A of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, or any other pro-vision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism; and (B) includes North Korea. 
SEC. 105. UNITED STATES-CHINA STRATEGIC AND ECONOMIC DIALOGUE REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, and in consultation with other departments and agencies, as ap-propriate, shall— (1) conduct a review of the United States- China Strategic and Economic Dialogue (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Dialogue’’); and (2) submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that contains the findings of such review. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a list of all commitments agreed to by the United States and China at each of the first 6 rounds of meetings; (2) an assessment of the status of each commitment agreed to by the United States and China at each of the first 6 rounds of meetings, including a detailed description of— (A) any actions that have been taken with respect to such commitments; (B) any aspects of such commitments that remain unfulfilled; and (C) any actions that remain necessary to fulfill any unfulfilled commitments de-scribed in subparagraph (B); (3) an assessment of the effectiveness of the Dialogue in achieving and fulfilling sig-nificant commitments on United States pri-orities in the bilateral relationship, includ-ing— (A) the security situation in the East and South China Seas, including a peaceful reso-lution of maritime disputes in the region; (B) denuclearization of the Korean Penin-sula; (C) cybertheft of United States intellectual property; (D) the treatment of political dissidents, media representatives, and ethnic and reli-gious minorities; (E) reciprocal treatment of United States journalists and academics in China, includ-ing issuance of visas; (F) expanding investment and trade oppor-tunities for United States businesses; (G) repatriation of North Korean refugees from China to North Korea; and (H) promoting and protecting rule of law and democratic institutions in Hong Kong; and (4) recommendations for enhancing the ef-fectiveness of the Dialogue in achieving and fulfilling significant commitments on United States priorities described in paragraph (3), including consideration of the use of pre-determined benchmarks for assessing wheth-er the commitments achieved are signifi-cantly furthering such priorities. SEC. 106. REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLA-TIONS IN BURMA. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, the majority leader of the House of Representatives, the minority lead-er of the House of Representatives, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that— (1) describes in detail all known widespread or systematic civil or political rights viola-tions, including violations that may con-stitute crimes against humanity against eth-nic, racial, or religious minorities in Burma, including the Rohingya people; and (2) provides recommendations for holding perpetrators of the violations described in paragraph (1) accountable for their actions. 
SEC. 107. COMBATING ANTI-SEMITISM. 
Of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams, $500,000 shall be made available to the Bureau for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, to be used in support of efforts by American and European Jewish and other civil society organizations, focusing on youth, to combat anti-Semitism and other forms of religious, ethnic, or racial intoler-ance in Europe. 
SEC. 108. BIOTECHNOLOGY GRANTS. 
Title I of the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 63. BIOTECHNOLOGY GRANTS AUTHOR-IZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State is authorized to support, through grants, co-operative agreements, contracts, outreach, and public diplomacy activities, activities promoting the benefits of agricultural bio-technology, biofuels, science-based regu-latory systems, and the application of such technologies for trade and development. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of grants provided pursuant to subsection (a) shall not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 109. DEFINITION OF ‘‘USE’’ IN PASSPORT AND VISA OFFENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 1541 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1540. DEFINITION OF ‘USE’ AND ‘USES’. 
‘‘In this chapter, the terms ‘use’ and ‘uses’ shall be given their plain meaning, which shall include use for identification pur-poses.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 75 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 1541 the fol-lowing: ‘‘1540. Definition of ‘use’ and ‘uses’.’’. 
SEC. 110. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FELLOW-SHIPS. 
Section 504 of the Foreign Relations Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 U.S.C. 2656d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  R
ELATED TO SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FEL-
LOWSHIP PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-ized to provide grants or enter into coopera-tive agreements for science and technology fellowship programs of the Department of State. ‘‘(2) R
ECRUITMENT ; STIPENDS .—Assistance authorized under paragraph (1) may be used— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2581 April 28, 2016 
‘‘(A) to recruit fellows; and ‘‘(B) to pay stipends, travel, and other ap-propriate expenses to fellows. ‘‘(3) C
LASSIFICATION OF STIPENDS .—Stipends paid under paragraph (2)(B) shall not be con-sidered compensation for purposes of section 209 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of as-sistance provided under this subsection may not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 111. NAME CHANGES. 
(a) P UBLIC LAW87–195.—Section 607(d) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2357(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and Inter-national Environmental and Scientific Af-fairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. (b) P
UBLIC LAW88–206.—Section 617(a) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7671p(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. (c) P
UBLIC LAW93–126.—Section 9(a) of the Department of State Appropriations Author-ization Act of 1973 (22 U.S.C. 2655a) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Oceans, Environment, and Science’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. (d) P
UBLIC LAW106–113.—Section 1112(a) of the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Dono-van Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 (22 U.S.C. 2652c(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Verification and Compliance.’’ and inserting ‘‘Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance (referred to in this section as the ‘Assistant Secretary’).’’. 
SEC. 112. ANTI-PIRACY INFORMATION SHARING. 
The Secretary is authorized to provide for the participation of the United States in the Information Sharing Centre located in Singapore, as established by the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Pi-racy and Armed Robbery Against Ships in Asia, done at Singapore November 11, 2004. 
SEC. 113. REPORT REFORM. 
(a) H UMAN RIGHTS REPORT .—Section 549 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2347h) is repealed. (b) R
OUGH DIAMONDS ANNUAL REPORT .— Section 12 of the Clean Diamond Trade Act (19 U.S.C. 3911) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12. REPORTS. 
‘‘For each country that, during the pre-ceding 12-month period, exported rough dia-monds to the United States, the exportation of which was not controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, and if the failure to do so has significantly increased the likelihood that those diamonds not so controlled are being imported into the United States, the President shall submit a semi-annual report to Congress that explains what actions have been taken by the United States or such country since the previous re-port to ensure that diamonds, the expor-tation of which was not controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, are not being imported from that country into the United States. A country shall be included in the report required under this section until the country is controlling the importation and exportation of rough dia-monds through the Kimberley Process Cer-tification Scheme.’’. 
SEC. 114. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED STATES ALLIANCE WITH JAPAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the alliance between the United States and Japan is a cornerstone of peace, secu-rity, and stability in the Asia-Pacific region and around the world; (2) Prime Minister Shiuzo Abe’s visit to the United States in April 2015 and historic address to a Joint Session of Congress sym-bolized the strength and importance of ties between the United States and Japan; (3) in 2015, which marks 70 years since the end of World War II, the United States and Japan continue to strengthen the alliance and work together to ensure a peaceful and prosperous future for the Asia-Pacific region and the world; (4) the Governments and people of the United States and Japan share values, inter-ests, and capabilities that have helped to build a strong rules-based international order, based on a commitment to rules, norms and institutions; (5) the revised Guidelines for United States-Japan Defense Cooperation and Ja-pan’s policy of ‘‘Proactive Contribution to Peace’’ will reinforce deterrence, update the roles and missions of the United States and Japan, enable Japan to expand its contribu-tions to regional and global security, and allow the United States Government and the Government of Japan to enhance coopera-tion on security issues in the region and be-yond; (6) the United States remain resolute in its commitments under the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security to respond to any armed attack in the territories under the ad-ministration of Japan; (7) although the United States Government does not take a position on the ultimate sov-ereignty of the Senkaku Islands, the United States Government acknowledges that they are under the administration of Japan and opposes any unilateral actions that would seek to undermine such administration; (8) the United States Government reaf-firms that the unilateral actions of a third party will not affect the United States ac-knowledgment of the administration of Japan over the Senkaku Islands; (9) the United States Government and the Government of Japan continue to work to-gether on common security interests, includ-ing to confront the threat posed by the nu-clear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (10) the United States Government and the Government of Japan remain committed to ensuring maritime security and respect for international law, including freedom of navi-gation and overflight; and (11) the United States Government and the Government of Japan continue to oppose the use of coercion, intimidation, or force to change the status quo, including in the East and South China Seas. SEC. 115. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE DEFENSE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE REPUBLIC OF INDIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States has an upgraded, strategic-plus relationship with India based on regional cooperation, space science co-operation, and defense cooperation. (2) The defense relationship between the United States and the Republic of India is strengthened by the common commitment of both countries to democracy. (3) The United States and the Republic of India share a common and long-standing commitment to civilian control of the mili-tary. (4) The United States and the Republic of India have increasingly worked together on defense cooperation across a range of activi-ties, exercises, initiatives, and research. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) continue to expand defense cooperation with the Republic of India; (2) welcome the role of the Republic of India in providing security and stability in the Indo-Pacific region and beyond; (3) work cooperatively with the Republic of India on matters relating to our common de-fense; (4) vigorously support the implementation of the United States-India Defense Frame-work Agreement; and (5) support the India Defense Trade and Technology Initiative. 
SEC. 116. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED STATES ALLIANCE WITH THE RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea has served as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula, in the Asia-Pacific region, and around the world; (2) the United States and the Republic of Korea continue to strengthen and adapt the bilateral, regional, and global scope of the comprehensive strategic alliance between the 2 nations, to serve as a linchpin of peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region, rec-ognizing the shared values of democracy, human rights, free and open markets, and the rule of law, as reaffirmed in the May 2013 ‘‘Joint Declaration in Commemoration of the 60th Anniversary of the Alliance between the Republic of Korea and the United States of America’’; (3) the United States and the Republic of Korea continue to broaden and deepen the al-liance by strengthening the combined de-fense posture on the Korean Peninsula, en-hancing mutual security based on the Repub-lic of Korea-United States Mutual Defense Treaty, and promoting cooperation for re-gional and global security in the 21st cen-tury; (4) the United States and the Republic of Korea share deep concerns that the nuclear, cyber, and ballistic missiles programs of North Korea and its repeated provocations pose grave threats to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia and recognize that both nations are deter-mined to achieve the peaceful denuclearization of North Korea and remain fully committed to continuing close coopera-tion on the full range of issues related to North Korea; (5) the United States and the Republic of Korea are particularly concerned that the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of North Korea, including North Korean efforts to miniaturize their nuclear technology and improve the mobility of their ballistic mis-siles, have gathered significant momentum and are poised to expand in the coming years; (6) the Republic of Korea has made progress in enhancing future warfighting and interoperability capabilities by taking steps toward procuring Patriot Advanced Capa-bility missiles, F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Aircraft, and RQ–4 Global Hawk Surveillance Aircraft; (7) the United States supports the vision of a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons, free from the fear of war, and peacefully re-united on the basis of democratic and free market principles, as articulated in Presi-dent Park’s address in Dresden, Germany; and (8) the United States and the Republic of Korea share the future interests of both na-tions in securing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2582 April 28, 2016 
SEC. 117. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE RELA-TIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the United States policy toward Taiwan is based upon the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), which was enacted in 1979, and the Six Assurances given by President Ronald Reagan in 1982; (2) provision of defensive weapons to Tai-wan should continue as mandated in the Tai-wan Relations Act; and (3) enhanced trade relations with Taiwan should be pursued to mutually benefit the citizens of both countries. 
SEC. 118. REPORT ON POLITICAL FREEDOM IN VENEZUELA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that includes— (1) an assessment of the support provided by the United States to the people of Ven-ezuela in their aspiration to live under con-ditions of peace and representative democ-racy (as defined by the Inter-American Democratic Charter of the Organization of American States, done at Lima September 11, 2001); (2) an assessment of work carried out by the United States, in cooperation with the other member states of the Organization of American States and countries of the Euro-pean Union, to ensure— (A) the peaceful resolution of the current political situation in Venezuela; and (B) the immediate cessation of violence against antigovernment protestors; (3) a list of the government and security officials in Venezuela who— (A) are responsible for, or complicit in, the use of force in relation to antigovernment protests and similar acts of violence; and (B) have had their financial assets in the United States frozen or been placed on a visa ban by the United States; and (4) an assessment of United States support for the development of democratic political processes and independent civil society in Venezuela. 
SEC. 119. STRATEGY FOR THE MIDDLE EAST IN THE EVENT OF A COMPREHENSIVE NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of State shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense, other members of the Na-tional Security Council, and the heads of other appropriate departments and agencies of the United States Government, develop a strategy for the United States for the Middle East. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy shall include the following: (1) Efforts to counter Iranian-sponsored terrorism in Middle East region. (2) Efforts to reassure United States allies and partners in Middle East. (3) Efforts to address the potential for a conventional or nuclear arms race in the Middle East. (c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit the strategy developed under subsection (a) to— (1) the majority leader, the minority lead-er, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Speaker, the majority leader, the minority leader, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 120. DEPARTMENT OF STATE INTER-NATIONAL CYBERSPACE POLICY STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall produce a com-prehensive strategy, with a classified annex if necessary, relating to United States inter-national policy with regard to cyberspace. (b) ELEMENTS .—The strategy required in subsection (a) shall include: (1) A review of actions and activities un-dertaken by the Secretary of State to date to support the goal of the President’s Inter-national Strategy for Cyberspace, released in May 2011, to ‘‘work internationally to pro-mote an open, interoperable, secure, and reli-able information and communications infra-structure that supports international trade and commerce, strengthens international se-curity, and fosters free expression and inno-vation’’. (2) A plan of action to guide the Sec-retary’s diplomacy with regard to nation- states, including conducting bilateral and multilateral activities to develop the norms of responsible international behavior in cyberspace, and status review of existing dis-cussions in multilateral fora to obtain agree-ments on international norms in cyberspace. (3) A review of the alternative concepts with regard to international norms in cyber-space offered by other prominent nation- state actors, including China, Russia, Brazil, and India. (4) A detailed description of threats to United States national security in cyber-space from other nation-states, state-spon-sored actors and private actors, to United States Federal and private sector infrastruc-ture, United States intellectual property, and the privacy of United States citizens. (5) A review of policy tools available to the President of United States to deter nation- states, state-sponsored actors, and private actors, including, but not limited to, those outlined in Executive Order 13694, released on April 1, 2015. (6) A review of resources required by the Secretary, including the Office of the Coordi-nator for Cyber Issues, to conduct activities to build responsible norms of international cyber behavior. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall consult with other United States Govern-ment agencies, including the intelligence community, and, as appropriate, the United States private sector, and United States non-governmental organizations with recognized credentials and expertise in foreign policy, national security, and cybersecurity. (d) R
ELEASE .—The Secretary shall publicly release the strategy required in subsection (a) and brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives upon its release, including on the clas-sified annex, should the strategy include such an annex. 
SEC. 121. WAIVER OF FEES FOR RENEWAL OF IM-MIGRANT VISA FOR ADOPTED CHILD IN CERTAIN SITUATIONS. 
Section 221(c) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) P
ERIOD OF VALIDITY ; RENEWAL OR RE-
PLACEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
MMIGRANT VISAS .—An immigrant visa shall be valid for such period, not exceeding 6 months, as shall be by regulations pre-scribed, except that any visa issued to a child lawfully adopted by a United States citizen and spouse while such citizen is serv-ing abroad in the United States Armed Forces, or is employed abroad by the United States Government, or is temporarily abroad on business, shall be valid until such time, for a period not to exceed 3 years, as the adoptive citizen parent returns to the United States in due course of his service, employ-ment, or business. ‘‘(2) N
ONIMMIGRANT VISAS .—A non- immigrant visa shall be valid for such peri-ods as shall be prescribed by regulations. In prescribing the period of validity of a non-immigrant visa in the case of nationals of any foreign country who are eligible for such visas, the Secretary of State shall, insofar as practicable, accord to such nationals the same treatment upon a reciprocal basis as such foreign country accords to nationals of the United States who are within a similar class, except that in the case of aliens who are nationals of a foreign country and who either are granted refugee status and firmly resettled in another foreign country or are granted permanent residence and residing in another foreign country, the Secretary of State may prescribe the period of validity of such a visa based upon the treatment grant-ed by that other foreign country to alien ref-ugees and permanent residents, respectively, in the United States. ‘‘(3) VISA REPLACEMENT .—An immigrant visa may be replaced under the original num-ber during the fiscal year in which the origi-nal visa was issued for an immigrant who es-tablishes to the satisfaction of the consular officer that the immigrant— ‘‘(A) was unable to use the original immi-grant visa during the period of its validity because of reasons beyond his control and for which he was not responsible; ‘‘(B) is found by a consular officer to be eli-gible for an immigrant visa; and ‘‘(C) pays again the statutory fees for an application and an immigrant visa. ‘‘(4) F
EE WAIVER .—If an immigrant visa was issued, on or after March 27, 2013, for a child who has been lawfully adopted, or who is coming to the United States to be adopted, by a United States citizen, any statutory im-migrant visa fees relating to a renewal or re-placement of such visa may be waived or, if already paid, may be refunded upon request, subject to such criteria as the Secretary of State may prescribe, if— ‘‘(A) the immigrant child was unable to use the original immigrant visa during the pe-riod of its validity as a direct result of ex-traordinary circumstances, including the de-nial of an exit permit; and ‘‘(B) if such inability was attributable to factors beyond the control of the adopting parent or parents and of the immigrant.’’. 
SEC. 122. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ANTI-ISRAEL AND ANTI-SEMITIC INCITEMENT WITHIN THE PALESTINIAN AUTHOR-ITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the 1995 Interim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, commonly referred to as Oslo II, specifically details that Israel and the Palestinian Authority shall ‘‘abstain from incitement, including hostile propaganda, against each other and, without derogating from the principle of freedom of expression, shall take legal measures to prevent such in-citement by any organizations, groups or in-dividuals within their jurisdiction’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) expresses support and admiration for in-dividuals and organizations working to en-courage cooperation between Israeli Jews and Palestinians, including— (A) Professor Mohammed Dajani Daoudi, who took students from al-Quds University in Jerusalem to visit Auschwitz in March 2014 only to return to death threats by fellow Palestinians and expulsion from his teach-er’s union; (B) the Israel Palestine Center for Re-search and Information, the only joint Israeli-Palestinian public policy think-tank, (C) United Hatzalah, a nonprofit, fully vol-unteer Emergency Medical Services organi-zation that, mobilizing volunteers who are religious or secular Jews, Arabs, Muslims, and Christians, provides EMS services to all people in Israel regardless of race, religion, or national origin; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2583 April 28, 2016 
(D) Breaking the Impasse, an apolitical initiative of Palestinian and Israeli business and civil society leaders who advocate for a two-state solution and an urgent diplomatic solution to the conflict; (2) reiterates strong condemnation of anti- Israel and anti-Semitic incitement in the Palestinian Authority as antithetical to the stated desire to achieve a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace settlement; and (3) urges President Abbas and Palestinian Authority officials to discontinue all official incitement that runs contrary to the deter-mination to put an end to decades of con-frontation. 
SEC. 123. SUPPORT FOR THE SOVEREIGNTY, INDEPENDENCE, TERRITORIAL IN-TEGRITY, AND INVIOLABILITY OF POST-SOVIET COUNTRIES IN LIGHT OF RUSSIAN AGGRESSION AND IN-TERFERENCE. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress— (1) supports the sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity, and inviolability of post-Soviet countries within their inter-nationally recognized borders; (2) expresses deep concern over increas-ingly aggressive actions by the Russian Fed-eration; (3) is committed to providing sufficient funding for the Bureau of European and Eur-asian Affairs of the Department of State to address subversive and destabilizing activi-ties by the Russian Federation within post- Soviet countries; (4) supports robust engagement between the United States and post-Soviet countries through— (A) the promotion of strengthened people- to-people ties, including through educational and cultural exchange programs; (B) anticorruption assistance; (C) public diplomacy; (D) economic diplomacy; and (E) other democratic reform efforts; (5) encourages the President to further en-hance nondefense cooperation and diplo-matic engagement with post-Soviet coun-tries; (6) condemns the subversive and desta-bilizing activities undertaken by the Russian Federation within post-Soviet countries; (7) encourages enhanced cooperation be-tween the United States and the European Union to promote greater Euro-Atlantic in-tegration, including through— (A) the enlargement of the European Union; and (B) the Open Door policy of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization; (8) urges continued cooperation between the United States and the European Union to maintain sanctions against the Russian Fed-eration until the Government of Russia has— (A) fully implemented all provisions of the Minsk agreements, done at Minsk September 5, 2014 and February 12, 2015; and (B) demonstrated respect for the territorial sovereignty of Ukraine; (9) calls on the member states of the Euro-pean Union to extend the current sanctions regime against the Russian Federation; and (10) urges the consideration of additional sanctions if the Russian Federation continue to engage in subversive and destabilizing ac-tivities within post-Soviet countries. 
SEC. 124. RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA REPORT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Russian Federation is waging a propaganda war against the United States and our allies; and (2) a successful strategy must be imple-mented to counter the threat posed by Rus-sian propaganda. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually for the following 3 years, the Sec-retary, in consultation with appropriate Fed-eral officials, shall submit an unclassified re-port, with a classified annex, to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives that contains a detailed analysis of— (1) the recent use of propaganda by the Government of Russia, including— (A) the forms of propaganda used, includ-ing types of media and programming; (B) the principal countries and regions tar-geted by Russian propaganda; and (C) the impact of Russian propaganda on such targets; (2) the response by United States allies, particularly European allies, to counter the threat of Russian propaganda; (3) the response by the United States to the threat of Russian propaganda; (4) the extent of the effectiveness of pro-grams currently in use to counter Russian propaganda; (5) a strategy for improving the effective-ness of such programs; (6) any additional authority needed to counter the threat of Russian propaganda; and (7) the additional funding needed to suc-cessfully implement the strategy referred to in paragraph (5). SEC. 125. APPROVAL OF EXPORT LICENCES AND LETTERS OF REQUEST TO ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT OF UKRAINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
XPORT LICENSE APPLICATIONS .— (A) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Sec- retary shall submit to the specified congres-sional committees a detailed list of all ex-port license applications, including requests for marketing licenses, for the sale of de-fense articles and defense services to Ukraine. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The list submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) the date on which the application or re-quest was first submitted; (ii) the current status of each application or request; and (iii) the estimated timeline for adjudica-tion of such applications or requests. (C) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary should give priority to processing the applications and requests included on the list submitted under subparagraph (A). (2) L
ETTERS OF REQUEST .—The Secretary shall submit to the specified congressional committees a detailed list of all pending Let-ters of Request for Foreign Military Sales to Ukraine, including— (A) the date on which each such letter was first submitted; (B) the current status of each such letter; and (C) the estimated timeline for the adju-dication of each such letter. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until the date set forth in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall submit a report to the specified con-gressional committees that describes the status of the applications, requests for mar-keting licenses, and Letters of Request de-scribed in subsection (a). (2) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The date set forth in this paragraph is the earlier of— (A) the date on which the President cer-tifies to Congress that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Government of Ukraine has been restored; or (B) the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) SPECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘speci-fied congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (4) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. Subtitle B—Additional Matters 
SEC. 131. ATROCITIES PREVENTION BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The President is au-thorized to establish, within the Executive Office of the President, an Interagency Atrocities Prevention Board (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Board’’). (b) D
UTIES .—The Board is authorized— (1) to coordinate an interagency approach to preventing mass atrocities; (2) to propose policies to integrate the early warning systems of national security agencies, including intelligence agencies, with respect to incidents of mass atrocities and to coordinate the policy response to such incidents; (3) to identify relevant Federal agencies, which shall track and report on Federal funding spent on atrocity prevention efforts; (4) to oversee the development and imple-mentation of comprehensive atrocities pre-vention and response strategies; (5) to identify available resources and pol-icy options necessary to prevent the emer-gence or escalation of mass atrocities; (6) to identify and propose policies to close gaps in expertise, readiness, and planning for atrocities prevention and early action across Federal agencies, including training for em-ployees at relevant Federal agencies; (7) to engage relevant civil society and nongovernmental organization stakeholders in regular consultations to solicit current in-formation on countries of concern; and (8) to conduct an atrocity-specific expert review of policy and programming of all countries at risk for mass atrocities. (c) L
EADERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall be headed by a Senior Director, who— (A) shall be appointed by the President; and (B) shall report to the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Senior Director is authorized to have primary responsibility for— (A) recommending and, if adopted, pro-moting United States Government policies on preventing mass atrocities; and (B) carrying out the duties described in subsection (b). (d) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-posed of— (1) representatives from— (A) the Department of State; (B) the United States Agency for Inter-national Development; (C) the Department of Defense; (D) the Department of Justice; (E) the Department of the Treasury; (F) the Department of Homeland Security; (G) the Central Intelligence Agency; (H) the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; (I) the United States Mission to the United Nations; and (J) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and (2) such other individuals as the President may appoint. (e) C
OORDINATION .—The Board is authorized to coordinate with relevant officials and gov-ernment agencies responsible for foreign pol-icy with respect to particular regions and countries to help provide a cohesive, whole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2584 April 28, 2016 
of government response and policy direction to emerging and ongoing atrocities. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a classified report, with an unclassified annex, which shall in-clude— (1) an update on the interagency review mandated by Presidential Study Directive 10 that includes— (A) an evaluation of current mechanisms and capacities for government-wide detec-tion, early warning, information-sharing, contingency planning, and coordination of efforts to prevent and respond to situations of genocide, mass atrocities, and other mass violence, including such mass gender- and ethnicity-based violence; (B) an assessment of the funding spent by relevant Federal agencies on atrocity pre-vention activities; (C) current annual global assessments of sources of conflict and instability; (D) recommendations to further strengthen United States capabilities to improve the mechanisms described in subparagraph (A); and (E) evaluations of the various approaches to enhancing capabilities and improving the mechanisms described in subparagraph (A); (2) recommendations to ensure burden sharing by— (A) improving international cooperation and coordination to enhance multilateral mechanisms for preventing genocide and atrocities, including improving the role of regional and international organizations in conflict prevention, mitigation, and re-sponse; and (B) strengthening regional organizations; and (3) the implementation status of the rec-ommendations contained in the interagency review described in paragraph (1). (g) M
ATERIALS AND BRIEFINGS .—The Senior Director and the members of the Board shall brief the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives at least annually. (h) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be effective on June 30, 2017. 
SEC. 132. UNITED STATES ENGAGEMENT IN THE INDO-PACIFIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a com-prehensive assessment to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives of the United States engage-ment in the Indo-Pacific, including with partners across the Indo-Pacific region. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a review of current and emerging United States diplomatic, national security, and economic interests and trends in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) a review of resources devoted to United States diplomatic, economic, trade, develop-ment, and cultural engagement and plans in the Indo-Pacific region during the 10-year pe-riod ending on the date of the enactment of this Act; (3) options for the realignment of United States engagement in the Indo-Pacific re-gion to respond to new opportunities and challenges, including linking United States strategy more broadly across the Indo-Pa-cific region; and (4) the views of noted policy leaders and re-gional experts, including leaders and experts in the Indo-Pacific region, on the opportuni-ties and challenges to United States engage-ment across the Indo-Pacific region. (c) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary, as ap-propriate, shall consult with— (1) other United States Government agen-cies; and (2) independent, nongovernmental organi-zations with recognized credentials and ex-pertise in foreign policy, national security, and international economic affairs that have access to policy experts throughout the United States and from the Indo-Pacific re-gion. 
SEC. 133. JOINT ACTION PLAN TO COMBAT PREJ-UDICE AND DISCRIMINATION AND TO FOSTER INCLUSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-ized to enter into a bilateral joint action plan with the European Union to combat prejudice and discrimination and to foster inclusion (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Joint Action Plan’’). (b) C
ONTENTS OF JOINT ACTION PLAN.—The Joint Action Plan shall— (1) address anti-Semitism; (2) address prejudice against, and the dis-criminatory treatment of, racial, ethnic, and religious minorities; (3) promote equality of opportunity for ac-cess to quality education and economic op-portunities; and (4) promote equal treatment by the justice system. (c) C
OOPERATION .—In developing the Joint Action Plan, the Secretary shall— (1) leverage interagency policy expertise in the United States and Europe; (2) develop partnerships among civil soci-ety and private sector stakeholders; and (3) draw upon the extensive work done by the Organization for Security and Co-oper-ation in Europe to address anti-Semitism. (d) I
NITIATIVES .—The Joint Action Plan may include initiatives for promoting equal-ity of opportunity and methods of elimi-nating prejudice and discrimination based on religion, race, or ethnicity, including— (1) training programs; (2) regional initiatives to promote equality of opportunity through the strengthening of democratic institutions; (3) public-private partnerships with enter-prises and nongovernmental organizations; (4) exchanges of technical experts; (5) scholarships and fellowships; and (6) political empowerment and leadership initiatives. (e) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall task an existing Deputy As-sistant Secretary with the responsibility for coordinating the implementation of the Joint Action Plan with his or her European Union counterpart. (f) L
EGAL EFFECTS .—Any Joint Action Plan adopted under this section— (1) shall not be legally binding; and (2) shall create no rights or obligations under international or United States law. (g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize— (1) the Secretary to enter into a legally binding agreement or Joint Action Plan with the European Union; or (2) any additional appropriations for the purposes and initiatives described in this section. (h) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a progress report on the development of the Joint Ac-tion Plan to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 134. REPORT ON DEVELOPING COUNTRY DEBT SUSTAINABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Treasury, shall submit a report containing an assessment of the current ex-ternal debt environment for developing countries and identifying particular near- term risks to debt sustainability to— (1) the appropriate congressional commit-tees; (2) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. (b) CONTENTS .—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall assess— (1) the impact of new lending relationships, including the role of new creditors; (2) the adequacy of current multilateral surveillance mechanisms in guarding against debt distress in developing countries; (3) the ability of developing countries to borrow on global capital markets; and (4) the interaction between debt sustain-ability objectives of the developing world and the development-oriented investment agenda of the G–20, including the impact of— (A) current debt sustainability objectives on investment in developing countries; and (B) investment objectives proposed by the G–20 on the ability to meet the goals of— (i) the Heavily Indebted Poor Country Ini-tiative; and (ii) the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative. 
SEC. 135. UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO PRE-VENT AND RESPOND TO GENDER- BASED VIOLENCE GLOBALLY. 
(a) G LOBAL STRATEGY REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and biennially there-after for 6 years, the Secretary of State shall develop or update a United States global strategy to prevent and respond to violence against women and girls. The strategy shall be transmitted to the appropriate congres-sional committees and made publicly avail-able on the Internet. (b) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—For the purposes of this section, the ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Vio-lence Globally’’, issued in August 2012, shall be deemed to fulfill the initial requirement of subsection (a). (c) C
OLLABORATION AND COORDINATION .—In developing the strategy under subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with— (1) the heads of relevant Federal agencies; (2) the Senior Policy Operating Group on Trafficking in Persons; and (3) representatives of civil society and mul-tilateral organizations with demonstrated experience in addressing violence against women and girls or promoting gender equal-ity internationally. (d) P
RIORITY COUNTRY SELECTION .—To fur- ther the objectives of the strategy described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall iden-tify no less than 4 eligible low-income and lower-middle income countries with signifi-cant levels of violence against women and girls, including within displaced commu-nities, that have the governmental or non-governmental organizational capacity to manage and implement gender-based vio-lence prevention and response program ac-tivities and should, when possible, be geo-graphically, ethnically, and culturally di-verse from one another. (e) C
OUNTRY PLANS .—In each country iden-tified under subsection (d) the Secretary shall develop comprehensive, multisectoral, and holistic individual country plans de-signed to address and respond to violence against women and girls that include— (1) an assessment and description of the current or potential capacity of the govern-ment of each identified country and civil so-ciety organizations in each such identified country to address and respond to violence against women and girls; (2) an identification of coordination mech-anisms with Federal agencies that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2585 April 28, 2016 
(A) have existing programs relevant to the strategy; (B) will be involved in new program activi-ties; and (C) are engaged in broader United States strategies around development; (3) a description of the monitoring and evaluation mechanisms established for each identified country, and their intended use in assessing overall progress in prevention and response; (4) a projection of the general levels of re-sources needed to achieve the stated objec-tives in each identified country, including an accounting of— (A) activities and funding already ex-pended by the Department of State, the United States Agency for International De-velopment, other Federal agencies, donor country governments, and multilateral insti-tutions; and (B) leveraged private sector resources; and (5) strategies, as appropriate, designed to accommodate the needs of stateless, dis-abled, internally displaced, refugee, or reli-gious or ethnic minority women and girls. (f) R
EPORT ON PRIORITY COUNTRY SELECTION  
ANDCOUNTRY PLANS .—Not more than 90 days after selection of the priority countries re-quired under subsection (d), and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report detailing the priority coun-try selection process, the development of specific country plans, and include an over-view of all programming and specific activi-ties being undertaken, the budget resources requested, and the specific activities to be supported by each Executive agency under the strategy if such resources are provided. (g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize any additional appropriations for the pur-poses and initiatives of this section. 
SEC. 136. INTERNATIONAL CORRUPTION AND AC-COUNTABILITY. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than June 1 of each year, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘USAID Ad-ministrator’’), the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of appropriate intelligence agen-cies, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a Country Report on Cor-ruption Practices, with a classified annex, which shall include information about coun-tries for which a corruption analysis was conducted under subsection (b). (b) C
ORRUPTION ANALYSIS ELEMENTS .—The corruption analysis conducted under this subsection should include, among other ele-ments— (1) an analysis of individuals and associa-tions that comprise corruption networks in the country, including, as applicable— (A) government officials; (B) private sector actors; (C) criminals; and (D) members of illegal armed groups; (2) the identification of the state functions that have been captured by corrupt networks in the country, including, as applicable func-tions of— (A) the judicial branch; (B) the taxing authority; (C) the central bank; and (D) specific military or police units; (3) the identification of— (A) the key economic activities, whether licit or illicit, which are dominated by mem-bers of the corrupt network; and (B) other revenue streams that enrich such members; and (4) the identification of enablers of corrupt practices, within the country and outside the country. (c) P
UBLICATION AND BRIEFINGS .—The Sec- retary shall— (1) publish the Country Report on Corrup-tion and Accountability submitted under subsection (a) on the website of the Depart-ment; and (2) brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives on the information contained in the re-port published under paragraph (1). SEC. 137. QUADRENNIAL DIPLOMACY AND DEVEL-OPMENT REVIEW. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .— (1) Q
UADRENNIAL REVIEWS REQUIRED .— Under the direction of the President, the Secretary of State shall every 4 years, dur-ing a year following a year evenly divisible by 4, conduct a review of United States di-plomacy and development (to be known as a ‘‘quadrennial diplomacy and development re-view’’). (2) S
COPE OF REVIEWS .—Each quadrennial diplomacy and development review shall be a comprehensive examination of the national diplomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework of the United States for the next 4-year period until a subsequent review is due under paragraph (1). The review shall include— (A) recommendations regarding the long- term diplomacy and development policy and strategic framework of the United States; (B) priorities of the United States for di-plomacy and development; and (C) guidance on the related programs, as-sets, capabilities, budget, policies, and au-thorities of the Department of State and United States Agency for International De-velopment. (3) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting each quadrennial diplomacy and development re-view, after consultation with Department of State and United States Agency for Inter-national Development officials, the Sec-retary of State should consult with— (A) the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, including the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, the Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and the Director of National Intelligence; (B) any other Federal agency that provides foreign assistance, including at a minimum the Export-Import Bank of the United States and the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration; (C) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and, as ap-propriate, other members of Congress; and (D) other relevant governmental and non-governmental entities, including private sec-tor representatives, academics, and other policy experts. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REVIEW .—Each quadren-nial diplomacy and development review shall— (1) delineate, as appropriate, the national diplomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework of the United States, con-sistent with appropriate national, Depart-ment of State, and United States Agency for International Development strategies, stra-tegic plans, and relevant presidential direc-tives, including the national security strat-egy prescribed pursuant to section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404a); (2) outline and prioritize the full range of critical national diplomacy and development areas, capabilities, and resources, including those implemented across agencies, and ad-dress the full range of challenges confronting the United States in this regard; (3) describe the interagency cooperation, and preparedness of relevant Federal assets, and the infrastructure, budget plan, and other elements of the diplomacy and devel-opment policies and programs of the United States required to execute successfully the full range of mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); (4) describe the roles of international orga-nizations and multilateral institutions in ad-vancing United States diplomatic and devel-opment objectives, including the mecha-nisms for coordinating and harmonizing de-velopment policies and programs with part-ner countries and among donors; (5) identify the budget plan required to provide sufficient resources to successfully execute the full range of mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); (6) include an assessment of the organiza-tional alignment of the Department of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development with the national di-plomacy and development policy and stra-tegic framework referred to in paragraph (1) and the diplomacy and development mission priorities outlined under paragraph (2); (7) review and assess the effectiveness of the management mechanisms of the Depart-ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development for executing the strategic priorities outlined in the quad-rennial diplomacy and development review, including the extent to which such effective-ness has been enhanced since the previous re-port; and (8) the relationship between the require-ments of the quadrennial diplomacy and de-velopment review and the acquisition strat-egy and expenditure plan within the Depart-ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development. (c) FOREIGN AFFAIRS POLICY BOARD RE-
VIEW.—The Secretary of State should apprise the Foreign Affairs Policy Board on an ongo-ing basis of the work undertaken in the con-duct of the quadrennial diplomacy and devel-opment review. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize any additional appropriations for the pur-poses and initiatives under this section. 
SEC. 138. DISAPPEARED PERSONS IN MEXICO, GUATEMALA, HONDURAS, AND EL SALVADOR. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States— (A) values governance, security, and the rule of law in Mexico and Central America; and (B) has reemphasized its commitment to this region following the humanitarian crisis of unaccompanied children from these coun-tries across the international border between the United States and Mexico in 2014. (2) Individuals migrating from Central America to the United States face great peril during their journey. Many go missing along the way and are often never heard from again. (b) R
EPORT OF DISAPPEARED PERSONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary, in close consultation with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that includes— (1) the number of cases of enforced dis-appearances in Mexico, Guatemala, Hon-duras, and El Salvador; (2) an assessment of causes for the dis-appearances described in paragraph (1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2586 April 28, 2016 
(3) the primary individuals and groups re-sponsible for such disappearances; and (4) the official government response in those countries to account for such dis-appeared persons. 
SEC. 139. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION BY THE GOVERNMENT OF BAHRAIN OF REC-OMMENDATIONS FROM THE BAH-RAIN INDEPENDENT COMMISSION OF INQUIRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit an unclassified report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that describes the implementation by the Government of Bahrain of the rec-ommendations contained in the 2011 Report of the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Bahrain Report’’). (b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the specific steps taken by the Government of Bahrain to implement each of the 26 recommendations contained in the Bahrain Report; (2) an assessment of whether the Govern-ment of Bahrain has ‘‘fully complied with’’, ‘‘partially implemented’’, or ‘‘not meaning-fully implemented’’ each recommendation referred to in paragraph (1); and (3) an assessment of the impact of the find-ings in the Bahrain Report for the United States security posture in the Arab Gulf and the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command. 
SEC. 140. REPORT ON UNITED STATES HUMANI-TARIAN ASSISTANCE TO HAITI AND WHETHER RECENT ELECTIONS IN HAITI MEET INTERNATIONAL ELEC-TION STANDARDS. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 5(a) of the Assessing Progress in Haiti Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Section 5(b) of the Assessing Progress in Haiti Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) a determination of whether recent Haitian elections are free, fair and respon-sive to the people of Haiti; and ‘‘(15) a description of any attempts to dis-qualify candidates for political officers in Haiti for political reasons.’’. 
SEC. 141. SENSE OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO THE IMPOSITION OF ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS AGAINST THE DEMO-CRATIC PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (in this section referred to as the ‘‘DPRK’’) tested nuclear weapons on 3 sepa-rate occasions, in October 2006, in May 2009, and in February 2013. (2) Nuclear experts have reported that the DPRK may currently have as many as 20 nu-clear warheads and has the potential to pos-sess as many as 100 warheads within the next 5 years. (3) According to the 2014 Department of De-fense report, ‘‘Military and Security Devel-opments Involving the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’’ (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘2014 DoD report’’), the DPRK has proliferated nuclear technology to Libya via the proliferation network of Paki-stani scientist A.Q. Khan. (4) According to the 2014 DoD report, ‘‘North Korea also provided Syria with nu-clear reactor technology until 2007.’’. (5) On September 6, 2007, as part of ‘‘Oper-ation Orchard’’, the Israeli Air Force de-stroyed the suspected nuclear facility in Syria. (6) According to the 2014 DoD report, ‘‘North Korea has exported conventional and ballistic missile-related equipment, compo-nents, materials, and technical assistance to countries in Africa, Asia, and the Middle East.’’. (7) On November 29, 1987, DPRK agents planted explosive devices onboard Korean Air flight 858, which killed all 115 passengers and crew on board. (8) On March 26, 2010, the DPRK fired upon and sank the South Korean warship Cheonan, killing 46 of her crew. (9) On November 23, 2010, the DPRK shelled South Korea’s Yeonpyeong Island, killing 4 South Korean citizens. (10) On February 7, 2014, the United Na-tions Commission of Inquiry on human rights in DPRK (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Commission of Inquiry’’) released a report detailing the atrocious human rights record of the DPRK. (11) Dr. Michael Kirby, Chair of the Com-mission of Inquiry, stated on March 17, 2014, ‘‘The Commission of Inquiry has found sys-tematic, widespread, and grave human rights violations occurring in the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea. It has also found a disturbing array of crimes against humanity. These crimes are committed against inmates of political and other prison camps; against starving populations; against religious be-lievers; against persons who try to flee the country—including those forcibly repatri-ated by China.’’. (12) Dr. Michael Kirby also stated, ‘‘These crimes arise from policies established at the highest level of the State. They have been committed, and continue to take place in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, be-cause the policies, institutions, and patterns of impunity that lie at their heart remain in place. The gravity, scale, duration, and na-ture of the unspeakable atrocities com-mitted in the country reveal a totalitarian State that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world.’’. (13) The Commission of Inquiry also notes, ‘‘Since 1950, the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea has engaged in the systematic abduction, denial of repatriation, and subse-quent enforced disappearance of persons from other countries on a large scale and as a matter of State policy. Well over 200,000 persons, including children, who were brought from other countries to the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea may have become victims of enforced disappearance,’’ and states that the DPRK has failed to ac-count or address this injustice in any way. (14) According to reports and analysis from organizations such as the International Net-work for the Human Rights of North Korean Overseas Labor, the Korea Policy Research Center, NK Watch, the Asian Institute for Policy Studies, the Center for International and Strategic Studies, and the George W. Bush Institute, there may currently be as many as 100,000 North Korean overseas labor-ers in various nations around the world. (15) Such forced North Korean laborers are often subjected to harsh working conditions under the direct supervision of DPRK offi-cials, and their salaries contribute to any-where from $150,000,000 to $230,000,000 a year to the DPRK state coffers. (16) According to the Director of National Intelligence’s 2015 Worldwide Threat Assess-ment, ‘‘North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs pose a serious threat to the United States and to the security environ-ment in East Asia.’’. (17) The Worldwide Threat Assessment states, ‘‘North Korea has also expanded the size and sophistication of its ballistic missile forces, ranging from close-range ballistic missiles to ICBMs, while continuing to con-duct test launches. In 2014, North Korea launched an unprecedented number of bal-listic missiles.’’. (18) On December 19, 2015, the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation declared that the DPRK was responsible for a cyberattack on Sony Pictures conducted on November 24, 2014. (19) From 1988 to 2008, the DPRK was des-ignated by the United States Government as a state sponsor of terrorism. (20) The DPRK is currently in violation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and 2094 (2013). (21) The DPRK repeatedly violated agree-ments with the United States and the other so-called Six-Party Talks partners (the Re-public of Korea, Japan, the Russian Federa-tion, and the People’s Republic of China) de-signed to halt its nuclear weapons program, while receiving significant concessions, in-cluding fuel, oil, and food aid. (22) The Six-Party Talks have not been held since December 2008. (23) On May 9, 2015, the DPRK claimed that it has test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the DPRK represents a serious threat to the national security of the United States and United States allies in East Asia and to international peace and stability, and gross-ly violates the human rights of its own peo-ple; (2) the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of the Treasury should impose addi-tional sanctions against the DPRK, includ-ing targeting its financial assets around the world, specific designations relating to human rights abuses, and a redesignation of the DPRK as a state sponsor of terror; and (3) the President should not resume the ne-gotiations with the DPRK, either bilaterally or as part of the Six-Party Talks, without strict preconditions, including that the DPRK— (A) adhere to its denuclearization commit-ments outlined in the 2005 Joint Statement of the Six-Party Talks; (B) commit to halting its ballistic missile programs and its proliferation activities; (C) cease military provocations; and (D) measurably and significantly improve its human rights record. TITLE II—ORGANIZATION AND PER-SONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE Subtitle A—Organizational Matters 
SEC. 201. RIGHTSIZING ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after receiving rightsizing recommendations pursuant to a review conducted by the Office of Management, Policy, Rightsizing, and In-novation relating to overseas staffing levels at United States overseas posts, the relevant chief of mission, in coordination with the relevant regional bureau, shall submit a re-sponse to the Office of Management, Policy, Rightsizing, and Innovation that describes— (1) any rightsizing recommendations that are accepted by such chief of mission and re-gional bureau; (2) a detailed schedule for implementation of any such recommendations; (3) any recommendations that are rejected; and (4) a detailed justification providing the basis for the rejection of any such rec-ommendations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2587 April 28, 2016 
(b) A NNUAL REPORT .—On the date on which the President’s annual budget request is sub-mitted to Congress, the Secretary shall sub-mit an annual report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that describes the status of all rightsizing recommendations and responses described in subsection (a) from the preceding 5 years, including— (1) a list of all such rightsizing rec-ommendations made, including whether each such recommendation was accepted or re-jected by the relevant chief of mission and regional bureau; (2) for each accepted recommendation, a detailed description of the current status of its implementation according to the sched-ule provided pursuant to subsection (a)(2), including an explanation for any departure from, or changes to, such schedule; and (3) for any rejected recommendations, the justification provided pursuant to subsection (a)(4). (c) R
EPORT ON REGIONAL BUREAU STAFF -
ING.—In conjunction with each report re-quired under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit a supplemental report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) an enumeration of the domestic staff positions in each regional bureau of the De-partment; (2) a detailed explanation of the extent to which the staffing of each regional bureau reflects the overseas requirements of the United States within each such region; (3) a detailed plan, including an implemen-tation schedule, for how the Department will seek to rectify any significant imbalances in staffing among regional bureaus or between any regional bureau and the overseas re-quirements of the United States within such region if the Secretary determines that such staffing does not reflect— (A) the foreign policy priorities of the United States; or (B) the effective conduct of the foreign af-fairs of the United States; and (4) a detailed description of the implemen-tation status of any plan provided pursuant to paragraph (3), including an explanation for any departure from, or changes to, the implementation schedule provided with such plan. 
SEC. 202. INTEGRATION OF FOREIGN ECONOMIC POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-junction with the Under Secretary of Eco-nomic Growth, Energy, and the Environ-ment, shall establish— (1) foreign economic policy priorities for each regional bureau, including for indi-vidual countries, as appropriate; and (2) policies and guidance for integrating such foreign economic policy priorities throughout the Department. (b) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—Within each regional bureau of the Department, the Secretary shall task an existing Deputy As-sistant Secretary with appropriate training and background in economic and commercial affairs with the responsibility for economic matters and interests within the responsibil-ities of such regional bureau, including the integration of the foreign economic policy priorities established pursuant to subsection (a). (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Deputy Assistant Secretary given the responsibility for eco-nomic matters and interests pursuant to subsection (b) within each bureau shall— (1) at the direction of the relevant Assist-ant Secretary, review and report to the As-sistant Secretary of such bureau on all eco-nomic matters and interests; and (2) serve as liaison with the Office of the Under Secretary for Economic Growth, En-ergy, and the Environment. SEC. 203. REVIEW OF BUREAU OF AFRICAN AF-FAIRS AND BUREAU OF NEAR EAST-ERN AFFAIRS JURISDICTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) conduct a review of the jurisdictional responsibility of the Bureau of African Af-fairs and that of the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs relating to the North African coun-tries of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya; and (2) submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that includes— (A) the findings of the review conducted under paragraph (1); and (B) recommendations on whether jurisdic-tional responsibility among the bureaus re-ferred to in paragraph (1) should be adjusted. (b) R
EVIEW .—The review conducted under subsection (a)(1) shall— (1) identify regional strategic priorities; (2) assess regional dynamics between the North Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa re-gions, including the degree to which the pri-orities identified pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) are distinct between each such region; or (B) have similar application across such re-gions; (3) identify current priorities and effective-ness of United States Government regional engagement in North Africa and Sub-Saha-ran Africa, including through security as-sistance, economic assistance, humanitarian assistance, and trade; (4) assess the degree to which such engage-ment is— (A) inefficient, duplicative, or uncoordi-nated between the North Africa and Sub-Sa-haran Africa regions; or (B) otherwise harmed or limited as a result of the current division of jurisdictional re-sponsibilities; (5) assess the overall coherence and effec-tiveness of the current division of jurisdic-tional responsibilities in Africa between the Bureau of African Affairs and the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, including with regard to coordination with other United States de-partments or agencies; and (6) assess any opportunities and costs of transferring jurisdictional responsibility of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya from the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs to the Bureau of African Affairs. 
SEC. 204. SPECIAL ENVOYS, REPRESENTATIVES, ADVISORS, AND COORDINATORS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees on special envoys, rep-resentatives, advisors, and coordinators of the Department, which shall include— (1) a tabulation of the current names, ranks, positions, and responsibilities of all special envoy, representative, advisor, and coordinator positions at the Department, with a separate accounting of all such posi-tions at the level of Assistant Secretary (or equivalent) or above; and (2) for each position identified pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) the date on which the position was cre-ated; (B) the mechanism by which the position was created, including the authority under which the position was created; (C) the positions authorized under section 1(d) of the State Department Basic Authori-ties Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(d)); (D) a description of whether, and the ex-tent to which, the responsibilities assigned to the position duplicate the responsibilities of other current officials within the Depart-ment, including other special envoys, rep-resentatives, and advisors; (E) which current official within the De-partment would be assigned the responsibil-ities of the position in the absence of the po-sition; (F) to which current official within the De-partment the position directly reports; (G) the total number of staff assigned to support the position; and (H) with the exception of those created by statute, a detailed explanation of the neces-sity of the position to the effective conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States. SEC. 205. CONFLICT PREVENTION, MITIGATION AND RESOLUTION, AND THE INCLU-SION AND PARTICIPATION OF WOMEN. 
Section 704 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4024) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) The Secretary, in conjunction with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall ensure that all appropriate personnel, re-sponsible for, or deploying to, countries or regions considered to be at risk of, under-going, or emerging from violent conflict, in-cluding special envoys, members of medi-ation or negotiation teams, relevant mem-bers of the civil service or foreign service, and contractors, obtain training, as appro-priate, in the following areas, each of which shall include a focus on women and ensuring women’s meaningful inclusion and participa-tion: ‘‘(1) Conflict prevention, mitigation, and resolution. ‘‘(2) Protecting civilians from violence, ex-ploitation, and trafficking in persons. ‘‘(3) International human rights law and international humanitarian law.’’. 
SEC. 206. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall regu-larly consult with the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency and any other de-partments or agencies the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate regarding the secu-rity of United States Government and non-government information technology systems and networks owned, operated, managed, or utilized by the Department, including any such systems or networks facilitating the use of sensitive or classified information. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In performing the con-sultations required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make all such systems and networks available to the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency and any other such departments or agencies to carry out such tests and procedures as are necessary to en-sure adequate policies and protections are in place to prevent penetrations or com-promises of such systems and networks, in-cluding by malicious intrusions by any unau-thorized individual or state actor or other entity. (c) S
ECURITY BREACH REPORTING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Security Agency and any other departments or agen-cies the Secretary determines to be appro-priate, shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees and to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives that describes in detail— (1) all known or suspected penetrations or compromises of the systems or networks de-scribed in subsection (a) facilitating the use of classified information; and (2) all known or suspected significant pene-trations or compromises of any other such systems and networks that occurred since the submission of the prior report. (d) C
ONTENT .—Each report submitted under subsection (c) shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2588 April 28, 2016 
(1) a description of the relevant informa-tion technology system or network pene-trated or compromised; (2) an assessment of the date and time such penetration or compromise occurred; (3) an assessment of the duration for which such system or network was penetrated or compromised, including whether such pene-tration or compromise is ongoing; (4) an assessment of the amount and sensi-tivity of information accessed and available to have been accessed by such penetration or compromise, including any such information contained on systems and networks owned, operated, managed, or utilized by any other department or agency of the United States Government; (5) an assessment of whether such system or network was penetrated by a malicious in-trusion, including an assessment of— (A) the known or suspected perpetrators, including state actors; and (B) the methods used to conduct such pene-tration or compromise; and (6) a description of the actions the Depart-ment has taken, or plans to take, to prevent future, similar penetrations or compromises of such systems and networks. 
SEC. 207. ANALYSIS OF EMBASSY COST SHARING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees and to the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives that assesses the cost-effectiveness and performance of the International Cooperative Administrative Support Services system (referred to in this section as the ‘‘ICASS system’’), including by assessing— (1) the general performance of the ICASS system in providing cost-effective, timely, efficient, appropriate, and reliable services that meet the needs of all departments and agencies served; (2) the extent to which additional cost sav-ings and greater performance can be achieved under the current ICASS system and rules; (3) the standards applied in the selection of the ICASS provider and the extent to which such standards are consistently applied; and (4) potential reforms to the ICASS system, including— (A) the selection of more than 1 service provider under certain circumstances; (B) options for all departments or agencies to opt out of ICASS entirely or to opt out of individual services, including by debundling service packages; (C) increasing the reliance on locally em-ployed staff or outsourcing to local firms, as appropriate; and (D) other modifications to the current ICASS system and rules that would incentivize greater effectiveness and cost ef-ficiency. 
SEC. 208. PARENT ADVISORY COMMITTEE TO THE INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP TO PREVENT INTERNATIONAL PAREN-TAL CHILD ABDUCTION. 
Section 433(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 241(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .—The Secretary of State shall convene and chair an interagency working group to prevent international parental child abduction, which shall be composed of presidentially ap-pointed, Senate confirmed, officials from— ‘‘(A) the Department of State; ‘‘(B) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, including U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and ‘‘(C) the Department of Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(2) ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Secretary of State shall convene an advisory com-mittee to the interagency working group es-tablished pursuant to paragraph (1), for the duration of the working group’s existence, which shall be composed of not less than 3 left-behind parents, serving for 2-year terms, who— ‘‘(A) shall be selected by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) shall periodically consult with the interagency working group on all activities of the interagency working group, as appro-priate.’’. 
SEC. 209. IMPROVING RESEARCH AND EVALUA-TION OF PUBLIC DIPLOMACY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) conduct regular research and evaluation of public diplomacy programs and activities of the Department, including through the routine use of audience research, digital ana-lytics, and impact evaluations, to plan and execute such programs and activities; and (2) make the findings of the research and evaluations conducted under paragraph (1) available to Congress. (b) D
IRECTOR OF RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall appoint a Director of Re-search and Evaluation in the Office of Pol-icy, Planning, and Resources for the Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. (2) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENT .—The ap- pointment of a Director of Research and Evaluation pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not result in an increase in the overall full- time equivalent positions within the Depart-ment. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of Re-search and Evaluation shall— (A) coordinate and oversee the research and evaluation of public diplomacy programs of the Department— (i) to improve public diplomacy strategies and tactics; and (ii) to ensure that programs are increasing the knowledge, understanding, and trust of the United States by relevant target audi-ences; (B) report to the Director of Policy and Planning; (C) routinely organize and oversee audi-ence research, digital analytics and impact evaluations across all public diplomacy bu-reaus and offices of the Department; (D) support embassy public affairs sec-tions; (E) share appropriate public diplomacy re-search and evaluation information within the Department and with other Federal de-partments and agencies; (F) regularly design and coordinate stand-ardized research questions, methodologies, and procedures to ensure that public diplo-macy activities across all public diplomacy bureaus and offices are designed to meet ap-propriate foreign policy objectives; and (G) report quarterly to the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy, through the Commission’s Subcommittee on Research and Evaluation established pursu-ant to subsection (e), regarding the research and evaluation of all public diplomacy bu-reaus and offices of the Department. (4) G
UIDANCE AND TRAINING .—Not later than 180 days after his or her appointment pursu-ant to paragraph (1), the Director of Re-search and Evaluation shall create guidance and training for all public diplomacy officers regarding the reading and interpretation of public diplomacy program evaluation find-ings to ensure that such findings and lessons learned are implemented in the planning and evaluation of all public diplomacy programs and activities throughout the Department. (c) PRIORITIZING RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of Policy, Planning, and Resources shall ensure that research and evaluation, as coordinated and overseen by the Director of Research and Evaluation, supports strategic planning and resource allocation across all public diplo-macy bureaus and offices of the Department. (2) A
LLOCATION OF RESOURCES .—Amounts allocated for the purposes of research and evaluation of public diplomacy programs and activities pursuant to subsection (a) shall be made available to be disbursed at the direc-tion of the Director of Research and Evalua-tion among the research and evaluation staff across all public diplomacy bureaus and of-fices of the Department. (3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department should allo-cate, for the purposes of research and evalua-tion of public diplomacy activities and pro-grams pursuant to subsection (a)— (A) 3 to 5 percent of program funds made available under the heading ‘‘
EDUCATIONAL  
AND CULTURAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) 3 to 5 percent of program funds allo-cated for public diplomacy programs under the heading ‘‘
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PRO -
GRAMS ’’. (d) L
IMITED EXEMPTION .—The Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980 (44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) shall not apply to collections of information directed at foreign individuals conducted by, or on behalf of, the Department for the pur-pose of audience research and impact evalua-tions, in accordance with the requirements under this section and in connection with the Department’s activities conducted pursu-ant to the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act (22 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) or the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.). (e) A
DVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLO-
MACY .— (1) S
UBCOMMITTEE FOR RESEARCH AND EVAL -
UATION .—The Advisory Commission on Pub-lic Diplomacy shall establish a Sub-committee for Research and Evaluation to monitor and advise on the research and eval-uation activities of the Department and the Broadcasting Board of Governors. (2) R
EPORT .—The Subcommittee for Re-search and Evaluation established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall submit an annual re-port to Congress in conjunction with the Commission on Public Diplomacy’s Com-prehensive Annual Report on the perform-ance of the Department and the Broad-casting Board of Governors in carrying out research and evaluations of their respective public diplomacy programming. (3) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 1334 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2020’’. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
UDIENCE RESEARCH .—The term ‘‘audi-ence research’’ means research conducted at the outset of public diplomacy program or campaign planning and design on specific au-dience segments to understand the attitudes, interests, knowledge and behaviors of such audience segments. (2) D
IGITAL ANALYTICS .—The term ‘‘digital analytics’’ means the analysis of qualitative and quantitative data, accumulated in dig-ital format, to indicate the outputs and out-comes of a public diplomacy program or campaign. (3) I
MPACT EVALUATION .—The term ‘‘impact evaluation’’ means an assessment of the changes in the audience targeted by a public diplomacy program or campaign that can be attributed to such program or campaign. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2589 April 28, 2016 
SEC. 210. ENHANCED INSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY OF THE BUREAU OF AFRICAN AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall strengthen the institutional capacity of the Bureau of African Affairs to oversee pro-grams and engage in strategic planning and crisis management by— (1) establishing an office within the Bureau of African Affairs that is separate and dis-tinct from the regional affairs office specifi-cally charged with overseeing strategy de-velopment and program implementation re-lated to security assistance; (2) planning to facilitate the long-term planning process; and (3) developing a concrete plan to rightsize the Bureau of African Affairs not later than 180 days after the date enactment of this Act. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that de-scribes the actions that have been taken to carry out subsection (a). (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the appropriation of additional amounts to carry out this section, and the Secretary shall use existing resources to carry out the provisions of this section. Subtitle B—Personnel Matters 
SEC. 211. REVIEW OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER COMPENSATION. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall commission an inde-pendent assessment of Foreign Service Offi-cer compensation to ensure that such com-pensation is achieving its purposes and the goals of the Department, including to re-cruit, retain, and maintain the world’s pre-mier diplomatic corps. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that in-cludes— (A) the results of the independent assess-ment commissioned pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) the views of the Secretary regarding Foreign Service Officer compensation. (b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a list of all compensation received by Foreign Service Officers assigned domesti-cally or overseas, including base salary and any other benefits, allowances, differentials, or other financial incentives; (2) for each form of compensation described in paragraph (1)— (A) an explanation of its stated purpose; (B) a description of all relevant authori-ties, including statutory authority; and (C) an assessment of the degree to which its historical and current use matches its stated purpose; and (3) an assessment of the effectiveness of each form of compensation described in para-graph (1) in— (A) achieving its stated purpose; (B) achieving the recruiting and retention goals of the Department; and (C) achieving the assignment placement needs of the Department. 
SEC. 212. REPEAL OF RECERTIFICATION RE-QUIREMENT FOR SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE. 
Section 305 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3945) is amended by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 213. COMPENSATORY TIME OFF FOR TRAV-EL. 
Section 5550b of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) The maximum amount of compen-satory time off that may be earned under this section may not exceed 104 hours during any leave year (as defined in section 630.201(b) of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-tions).’’. SEC. 214. CERTIFICATES OF DEMONSTRATED COMPETENCE. 
Not later than 7 days after submitting the report required under section 304(a)(4) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3944(a)(4)) to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, the President shall make the report available to the public, in-cluding by posting the on the website of the Department in a conspicuous manner and lo-cation. 
SEC. 215. FOREIGN SERVICE ASSIGNMENT RE-STRICTIONS. 
(a) A PPEAL OF ASSIGNMENT RESTRICTION .— The Secretary shall establish a right and process for employees to appeal any assign-ment restriction or preclusion. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Upon full implementa-tion of a right and process for employees to appeal an assignment restriction or pre-clusion, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) certifies that such appeals process has been fully implemented; and (2) includes a detailed description of such process. (c) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall— (1) publish the right and process estab-lished pursuant to subsection (a) in the For-eign Affairs Manual; and (2) include a reference to such publication in the report required under subsection (b). (d) P
ROHIBITING DISCRIMINATION .—Section 502(a)(2) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3982(a)(2)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) In making assignments under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that a member of the Service is not assigned to, or restricted from, a position at a post in a par-ticular geographic area, or domestically in a position working on issues relating to a par-ticular geographic area, exclusively on the basis of the race, ethnicity, or religion of that member.’’. 
SEC. 216. SECURITY CLEARANCE SUSPENSIONS. 
(a) S USPENSION .—Section 610 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4010) is amend-ed— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 610. SEPARATION FOR CAUSE; SUSPEN-SION.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) In order to promote the efficiency of the Service, the Secretary may suspend a member of the Service without pay when— ‘‘(A) the member’s security clearance is suspended; or ‘‘(B) there is reasonable cause to believe that the member has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed. ‘‘(2) Any member of the Foreign Service for whom a suspension is proposed under this subsection shall be entitled to— ‘‘(A) written notice stating the specific reasons for the proposed suspension; ‘‘(B) a reasonable time to respond orally and in writing to the proposed suspension; ‘‘(C) representation by an attorney or other representative; and ‘‘(D) a final written decision, including the specific reasons for such decision, as soon as practicable. ‘‘(3) Any member suspended under this sub-section may file a grievance in accordance with the procedures applicable to grievances under chapter 11. ‘‘(4) If a grievance is filed under paragraph (3)— ‘‘(A) the review by the Foreign Service Grievance Board shall be limited to a deter-mination of whether the provisions of para-graphs (1) and (2) have been fulfilled; and ‘‘(B) the Board may not exercise the au-thority provided under section 1106(8). ‘‘(5) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘reasonable time’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to a member of the For-eign Service assigned to duty in the United States, 15 days after receiving notice of the proposed suspension; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to a member of the For-eign Service assigned to duty outside the United States, 30 days after receiving notice of the proposed suspension. ‘‘(B) The terms ‘suspend’ and ‘suspension’ mean placing a member of the Foreign Serv-ice in a temporary status without duties and pay.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 2 of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 610 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 610. Separation for cause; suspen-sion.’’. 
SEC. 217. ECONOMIC STATECRAFT EDUCATION AND TRAINING. 
The Secretary shall establish curriculum at the Foreign Services Institute to develop the practical foreign economic policy exper-tise and skill sets of Foreign Service officers, including by making available distance- learning courses in commercial, economic, and business affairs, including in— (1) the global business environment; (2) the economics of development; (3) development and infrastructure finance; (4) current trade and investment agree-ments negotiations; (5) implementing existing multilateral and World Trade Organization agreements, and United States trade and investment agree-ments; (6) best practices for customs and export procedures; and (7) market analysis and global supply chain management. 
SEC. 218. REPORT ON DIVERSITY RECRUITMENT, EMPLOYMENT, RETENTION, AND PROMOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quadrennially thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit a comprehensive report to Congress that— (1) describes the efforts, consistent with existing law, including procedures, effects, and results of the Department since the pe-riod covered by the prior such report, to pro-mote equal opportunity and inclusion for all American employees in direct hire and per-sonal service contractors status, particularly employees of the Foreign Service, to include equal opportunity for all races, ethnicities, ages, genders, and service-disabled veterans, with a focus on traditionally underrep-resented minority groups; (2) includes a section on— (A) the diversity of selection boards; (B) the employment of minority and serv-ice-disabled veterans during the most recent 10-year period, including— (i) the number hired through direct hires, internships, and fellowship programs; (ii) the number promoted to senior posi-tions, including FS–01, GS–15, Senior Execu-tive Service, and Senior Foreign Service; and (iii) attrition rates by grade, civil and for-eign services, and the senior level ranks list-ed in clause (ii); (C) mentorship and retention programs; and (3) is organized in terms of real numbers and percentages at all levels. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall describe the ef-forts of the Department— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2590 April 28, 2016 
(1) to propagate fairness, impartiality, and inclusion in the work environment domesti-cally and abroad; (2) to eradicate harassment, intolerance, and discrimination; (3) to refrain from engaging in unlawful discrimination in any phase of the employ-ment process, including recruitment, hiring, evaluation, assignments, promotion, reten-tion, and training; (4) to eliminate illegal retaliation against employees for participating in a protected equal employment opportunity activity; (5) to provide reasonable accommodation for qualified employees and applicants with disabilities; (6) to resolve workplace conflicts, con-frontations, and complaints in a prompt, im-partial, constructive, and timely manner; (7) to improve demographic data avail-ability and analysis regarding recruitment, hiring, promotion, training, length in serv-ice, assignment restrictions, and pass- through programs; (8) to recruit a diverse staff by— (A) recruiting women, minorities, vet-erans, and undergraduate and graduate stu-dents; (B) recruiting at historically Black col-leges and universities, Hispanic serving in-stitutions, women’s colleges, and colleges that typically serve majority minority popu-lations; (C) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in urban communities; (D) placing job advertisements in news-papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-ward women and people of color; (E) providing opportunities through the Foreign Service Internship Program and other hiring initiatives; and (F) recruiting mid- and senior-level profes-sionals through programs such as— (i) the International Career Advancement Program; (ii) the Public Policy and International Af-fairs Fellowship Program; (iii) the Institute for International Public Policy Fellowship Program; (iv) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts In-stitute of Technology’s Center for Inter-national Studies; and (v) other similar, highly respected, inter-national leadership programs; and (9) to provide opportunities through— (A) the Charles B. Rangel International Af-fairs Fellowship Program; (B) the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Af-fairs Fellowship Program; and (C) the Donald M. Payne International De-velopment Fellowship Program. (c) S
COPE OF INITIAL REPORT .—The first re-port submitted to Congress under this sec-tion shall include the information described in subsection (b) for the 3 fiscal years imme-diately preceding the fiscal year in which the report is submitted. 
SEC. 219. EXPANSION OF THE CHARLES B. RAN-GEL INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS PRO-GRAM, THE THOMAS R. PICKERING FOREIGN AFFAIRS FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM, AND THE DONALD M. PAYNE INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-MENT FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FELLOWSHIPS AUTHOR -
IZED.—Beginning in fiscal year 2016, the Sec-retary shall— (1) increase by 10 the number of fellows se-lected for the Charles B. Rangel Inter-national Affairs Program; (2) increase by 10 the number of fellows se-lected for the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship Program; and (3) increase by 5 the number of fellows se-lected for the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program. (b) P
AYNE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Under- graduate and graduate components of the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program are authorized to con-duct outreach to attract outstanding stu-dents who represent diverse ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds with an interest in pursuing a Foreign Service career. SEC. 220. RETENTION OF MID- AND SENIOR- LEVEL PROFESSIONALS FROM UNDERREPRESENTED GROUPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary should pro-vide attention and oversight to the employ-ment, retention, and promotion of underrep-resented groups to promote a diverse ethnic representation among mid- and senior-level career professionals through programs such as— (1) the International Career Advancement Program; (2) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts In-stitute of Technology’s Center for Inter-national Studies; and (3) other highly respected international leadership programs. (b) R
EVIEW OF PASTPROGRAMS .—The Sec- retary should review past programs designed to increase minority representation in inter-national affairs positions, including— (1) the USAID Undergraduate Cooperative and Graduate Economics Program; (2) the Public Policy and International Af-fairs Fellowship Program; and (3) the Institute for International Public Policy Fellowship Program. 
SEC. 221. REVIEW OF JURISDICTIONAL RESPON-SIBILITIES OF THE SPECIAL REP-RESENTATIVE TO AFGHANISTAN AND PAKISTAN AND THE BUREAU OF SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIAN AF-FAIRS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of State shall conduct a review of the jurisdictional re-sponsibilities of the Special Representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan (SRAP) and the Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs (SCA). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the review conducted under sub-section (a), including recommendations on whether jurisdictional responsibility be-tween the 2 offices should be adjusted. 
SEC. 222. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES COMPLIANCE WITH MIN-IMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI-NATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 110 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days before the anticipated sub-mission of each annual report under sub-section (b)(1), the Secretary of State shall notify and brief the appropriate congres-sional committees concerning the countries that will be upgraded to a higher tier or downgraded to a lower tier in such report.’’. 
SEC. 223. INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM TRAINING PROGRAM. 
Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; (2) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘R
EFUGEES ’’ before ‘‘The Secretary of State’’; (3) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘C
HILD SOLDIERS ’’ before ‘‘The Sec-retary of State’’; and (4) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom appointed under section 101(b) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411(b)) shall develop a curriculum for Foreign Service Officers that includes train-ing on— ‘‘(A) the scope and strategic value of inter-national religious freedom; ‘‘(B) how violations of international reli-gious freedom harm fundamental United States interests; ‘‘(C) how the advancement of international religious freedom can advance such inter-ests; ‘‘(D) how United States international reli-gious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States diplomats and other Foreign Service Officers; and ‘‘(E) the relevance and relationship of international religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, development, and public affairs efforts to combat violent ex-tremism. ‘‘(2) ROLE OF OTHER OFFICIALS .—The Am- bassador at Large for International Reli-gious Freedom shall carry out paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in coordination with the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Af-fairs Training Center and other Federal offi-cials, as appropriate; and ‘‘(B) in consultation with the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom established under section 201(a) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431(a)). ‘‘(3) R
ESOURCES .—The Secretary of State shall ensure the availability of sufficient re-sources to develop and implement the cur-riculum required under this subsection. ‘‘(b) R
ELIGIOUS FREEDOM TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Department of State Operations Au-thorization and Embassy Security Act, Fis-cal Year 2016, the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center shall begin training on religious free-dom, using the curriculum developed under subsection (a), for Foreign Service officers, including— ‘‘(A) entry level officers; ‘‘(B) officers prior to departure for posting outside the United States; and ‘‘(C) incoming deputy chiefs of mission and ambassadors. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The training required under paragraph (1) shall be substantively incorporated into— ‘‘(A) the A–100 course attended by Foreign Service Officers; ‘‘(B) the specific country courses required of Foreign Service Officers prior to a posting outside the United States, with training tai-lored to— ‘‘(i) the particular religious demography of such country; ‘‘(ii) religious freedom conditions in such country; ‘‘(iii) religious engagement strategies; and ‘‘(iv) United States strategies for advanc-ing religious freedom. ‘‘(C) the courses required of incoming dep-uty chiefs of mission and ambassadors. ‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The cur-riculum and training materials developed pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) shall be shared with the United States Armed Forces and all other Federal departments and agen-cies whose personnel serve as attache ´s, advi- sors, detailees, or otherwise in United States embassies globally to provide training on— ‘‘(1) United States religious freedom poli-cies; ‘‘(2) religious traditions; ‘‘(3) religious engagement strategies; ‘‘(4) religious and cultural issues; and ‘‘(5) efforts to combat terrorism and vio-lent religious extremism.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2591 April 28, 2016 
TITLE III—INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS Subtitle A—United States Contributions to International Organizations 
SEC. 301. REPORTS CONCERNING THE UNITED NATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT ON ANTI-SEMITIC ACTIVITY AT  
THEUNITED NATIONS AND ITSAGENCIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes— (1) all activities at the United Nations and its subagencies that can be construed to ex-hibit an anti-Semitic bias, including official statements, proposed resolutions, and United Nations investigations; (2) the use of United Nations resources to promote anti-Semitic or anti-Israel rhetoric or propaganda, including publications, inter-net websites, and textbooks or other edu-cational materials used to propagate polit-ical rhetoric regarding the Israeli-Pales-tinian conflict; and (3) specific actions taken by the United States Government to address any of the ac-tivities described in paragraphs (1) and (2). (b) R
EPORT ON ALLUNITED STATES GOVERN -
MENT CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NA-
TIONS .—Section 4(c) of the United Nations Participation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), and (7), respectively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) C
ONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A detailed description of all assessed and voluntary contributions, in-cluding in-kind contributions, of the United States to the United Nations and to each of its affiliated agencies and related bodies— ‘‘(i) during the preceding fiscal year; ‘‘(ii) estimated for the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(iii) requested in the budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for the following fiscal year. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENT .—The description required under subparagraph (A) shall, for each fiscal year specified in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that subparagraph, include— ‘‘(i) the total amount or value of all con-tributions described in that subparagraph; ‘‘(ii) the approximate percentage of all such contributions by the United States compared to all contributions to the United Nations and to each of its affiliated agencies and related bodies from any source; and ‘‘(iii) for each such contribution described in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(I) the amount or value of the contribu-tion; ‘‘(II) whether the contribution was as-sessed by the United Nations or voluntary; ‘‘(III) the purpose of the contribution; ‘‘(IV) the department or agency of the United States Government responsible for the contribution; and ‘‘(V) whether the United Nations or an af-filiated agency or related body received the contribution and, if an affiliated agency or related body received the contribution, which such agency or body. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMA -
TION.—Not later than 14 days after submit-ting a report required under this subsection to the designated congressional committees, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall post a text-based, search-able version of the description required by subparagraph (A) on a publicly available Internet website of that Office.’’. SEC. 302. ANNUAL REPORT ON FINANCIAL CON-TRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 4(b) of the United Nations Partici-pation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘in which the United States participates as a member’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, including— ‘‘(1) the amount of such contributions that were assessed by an international organiza-tion and the amount of such contributions that were voluntary; and ‘‘(2) the ratio of United States contribu-tions to total contributions received for— ‘‘(A) the United Nations, specialized agen-cies of the United Nations, and other United Nations funds, programs, and organizations; ‘‘(B) peacekeeping; ‘‘(C) inter-American organizations; ‘‘(D) regional organizations; and ‘‘(E) other international organizations.’’. 
SEC. 303. REPORT ON PEACEKEEPING ARREARS, CREDITS, AND CONTRIBUTIONS. 
Section 4(c) of the United Nations Partici-pation Act (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)), as amended by section 301(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A complete and full ac-counting of United States peacekeeping as-sessments and contributions for United Na-tions peacekeeping operations, including the following: ‘‘(i) A tabulation of annual United Nations peacekeeping assessment rates, the peace-keeping contribution rate authorized by the United States, and the United States public law that authorized the contribution rate for the United Nations peacekeeping budget for each fiscal year beginning in fiscal year 1995 through the fiscal year following the date of the report. ‘‘(ii) A tabulation of current United States accrued shortfalls and arrears in each respec-tive ongoing or closed United Nations peace-keeping mission. ‘‘(iii) A tabulation of all peacekeeping credits, including— ‘‘(I) the total amount of peacekeeping credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States; ‘‘(II) the total amount of peacekeeping credits determined by the United Nations to be unavailable to the United States; ‘‘(III) the total amount of peacekeeping credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States from each open and closed peacekeeping mission; ‘‘(IV) the total amount of peacekeeping credits determined by the United Nations to be unavailable to the United States from each open and closed peacekeeping mission; ‘‘(V) the total amount of peacekeeping credits applied by the United Nations toward shortfalls from previous years that are ap-portioned to the United States; ‘‘(VI) the total amount of peacekeeping credits applied by the United Nations toward offsetting future contributions of the United States; and ‘‘(VII) the total amount of peacekeeping credits determined by the United Nations to be available to the United States that could be applied toward offsetting United States contributions in the following fiscal year. ‘‘(iv) An explanation of any claim of un-availability by the United Nations of any peacekeeping credits described in clause (iii)(IV). ‘‘(v) A description of any efforts by the United States to obtain reimbursement in accordance with the requirements of this Act, including Department of Defense mate-riel and services, and an explanation of any failure to obtain any such reimbursement. ‘‘(B) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘peacekeeping cred-its’ means the amounts by which, during a United Nations peacekeeping fiscal year, the contributions of the United States to the United Nations for peacekeeping operations exceed the actual expenditures for peace-keeping operations by the United Nations that are apportioned to the United States.’’. SEC. 304. ASSESSMENT RATE TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) R EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after each time the United Nations General Assembly modifies the assessment levels for peacekeeping operations, the Secretary shall submit a report, which may include a classi-fied annex, to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall describe— (A) the change, by amount and percentage, of the peacekeeping assessment charged to each member state; and (B) how the economic and strategic inter-ests of each of the permanent members of the Security Council is being served by each peacekeeping mission currently in force. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF PEACEKEEPING ASSESS -
MENT DATA.—The Secretary shall direct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to urge the United Nations— (1) to share the raw data used to calculate member state peacekeeping assessment rates; and (2) to make available the formula for de-termining peacekeeping assessments. Subtitle B—Accountability at International Organizations 
SEC. 311. PREVENTING ABUSE IN PEACE-KEEPING. 
Not later than 15 days before the antici-pated date of a vote (or, in the case of exi-gent circumstances, as far in advance of the vote as is practicable) on a resolution ap-proving a new peacekeeping mission under the auspices of the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or any other multilateral organization in which the United States participates, or to reauthorize an existing such mission, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on that mission that in-cludes the following: (1) A description of the specific measures taken and planned to be taken by the organi-zation related to the mission— (A) to prevent individuals who are employ-ees or contractor personnel of the organiza-tion, or members of the forces serving in the mission from engaging in acts of trafficking in persons, exploitation of victims of traf-ficking, or sexual exploitation or abuse; and (B) to hold accountable any such individ-uals who engage in any such acts while par-ticipating in the mission. (2) An assessment of the effectiveness of each of the measures described in paragraph (1). (3) An accounting and assessment of all cases in which the organization has taken action to investigate allegations that indi-viduals described in paragraph (1)(A) have engaged in acts described in that paragraph, including a description of the status of all such cases as of the date of the report. 
SEC. 312. INCLUSION OF PEACEKEEPING ABUSES IN COUNTRY REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICES. 
Section 116(d) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (11)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (12)(C)(ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2592 April 28, 2016 
‘‘(13) for each country that contributes per-sonnel to United Nations peacekeeping mis-sions, a description of— ‘‘(A) any allegations of such personnel en-gaging in acts of trafficking in persons, ex-ploitation of victims of trafficking, or sexual exploitation and abuse while participating in such a peacekeeping mission; ‘‘(B) any repatriations of such personnel resulting from an allegation described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) any actions taken by such country with respect to personnel repatriated as a re-sult of allegations described in subparagraph (A), including whether such personnel faced prosecution related to such allegations; and ‘‘(D) the extent to which any actions taken as described in subparagraph (C) have been communicated by such country to the United Nations.’’. 
SEC. 313. EVALUATION OF UNITED NATIONS PEACEKEEPING MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) a comprehensive evaluation of current United Nations peacekeeping missions; (2) a prioritization of the peacekeeping missions; (3) plans for phasing out and ending any mission that— (A) has substantially met its objectives and goals; or (B) will not be able to meet its objectives and goals; and (4) a plan for reviewing the status of open- ended mandates for— (A) the United Nations Interim Adminis-tration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK); (B) the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO); and (C) the United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP). (b) A
PPROVAL OF FUTURE PEACEKEEPING  M
ISSIONS .—The President shall direct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to ensure that no new United Nations peacekeeping mission is approved without a periodic mandate renewal. (c) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—The United States shall not provide funding for any United Nations peacekeeping mission begin-ning after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the mission has a periodic man-date renewal. Subtitle C—Personnel Matters 
SEC. 321. ENCOURAGING EMPLOYMENT OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS AT THE UNITED NATIONS. 
Section 181 of the Foreign Relations Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 276c–4) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 181. EMPLOYMENT OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS BY CERTAIN INTER-NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Department of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Se-curity Act, Fiscal Year 2016, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to Congress a report that provides— ‘‘(1) for each international organization that had a geographic distribution formula in effect on January 1, 1991, an assessment of whether that organization— ‘‘(A) is taking good faith steps to increase the staffing of United States citizens, includ-ing, as appropriate, as assessment of any ad-ditional steps the organization could be tak-ing to increase such staffing; and ‘‘(B) has met the requirements of its geo-graphic distribution formula; and ‘‘(2) an assessment of United States rep-resentation among professional and senior- level positions at the United Nations, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the proportion of United States citizens employed at the United Nations Secretariat and at all United Nations specialized agencies, funds, and pro-grams relative to the total employment at the United Nations Secretariat and at all such agencies, funds, and programs; ‘‘(B) as assessment of compliance by the United Nations Secretariat and such agen-cies, funds, and programs with any applica-ble geographic distribution formula; and ‘‘(C) a description of any steps taken or planned to be taken by the United States to increase the staffing of United States citi-zens at the United Nations Secretariat and such agencies, funds and programs.’’. SEC. 322. ENSURING APPROPRIATE UNITED NA-TIONS PERSONNEL SALARIES. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF UNITED NATIONS PER-
SONNEL .—The President shall direct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations— (1) to establish appropriate policies, proce-dures, and assumptions for— (A) determining comparable positions be-tween officials in the professional and higher categories of employment at the United Na-tions headquarters in New York, New York, and in the United States Federal civil serv-ice; (B) calculating the margin between the compensation of such officials at the United Nations headquarters and the civil service; and (C) determining the appropriate margin for adoption by the United Nations to govern compensation for such officials; (2) to make all policies, procedures, and as-sumptions described in paragraph (1) avail-able to the public; and (3) to limit increases in the compensation of United Nations officials to ensure that such officials remain within the margin range established by United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/40/244, or any subsequent margin range adopted by the United Nations to govern compensation for United Nations officials. (b) R
EPORT ON SALARY MARGINS .—The Sec- retary shall submit an annual report to the appropriate congressional committees, at the time of the submission of the budget of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, that (1) describes the policies, procedures, and assumptions established or used by the United Nations— (A) to determine comparable positions be-tween officials in the professional and higher categories of employment at the United Na-tions headquarters in New York, New York, and in the United States Federal civil serv-ice; (B) to calculate the percentage difference, or margin, between the compensation of such officials at the United Nations headquarters and the civil service; and (C) to determine the margin range estab-lished in United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/40/244, or any subsequent margin range adopted by the United Nations to govern compensation for United Nations officials; (2) assesses, in accordance with the poli-cies, procedures, and assumptions described in paragraph (1), the margin between net sal-aries of officials in the professional and high-er categories of employment at the United Nations in New York and those of com-parable positions in the United States Fed-eral civil service; (3) assesses any changes in the margin de-scribed in paragraph (2) from the previous year; (4) assesses the extent to which any changes in that margin resulted from modi-fications to the policies, procedures, and as-sumptions described in paragraph (1); and (5) provides the views of the Secretary on any changes in that margin and any such modifications. TITLE IV—CONSULAR AUTHORITIES SEC. 401. VISA INELIGIBILITY FOR INTER-NATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTORS. 
Section 212(a)(10)(C)(iii) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(10)(C)(iii)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 402. PRESUMPTION OF IMMIGRANT INTENT FOR H AND L VISA CLASSIFICA-TIONS. 
Section 214(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(other than a non-immigrant described in subparagraph (L) or (V) of section 101(a)(15), and other than a nonimmigrant described in any provision of section 101(a)(15)(H)(i) except subclause (b1) of such section)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘under section 101(a)(15).’’ and inserting ‘‘under the immigration laws.’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘he’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘the alien’’. 
SEC. 403. VISA INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 222(f) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)(2)) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘issuance or refusal’’ and insert-ing ‘‘issuance, refusal, or revocation’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and on the basis of reci-procity’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘illicit weapons; or’’ and inserting ‘‘illicit weapons, or in determining the removability or eligi-bility for a visa, admission, or another immi-gration benefit of persons who would be inad-missible to, or removable from, the United States;’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘for the purposes’’ and in-serting ‘‘for 1 of the purposes’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or to deny visas to persons who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) with regard to any or all aliens in the database, specified data elements from each record, if the Secretary of State determines that it is in the national interest to provide such information to a foreign government.’’. TITLE V—EMBASSY SECURITY Subtitle A—Allocation of Authorized Security Appropriations. 
SEC. 501. WORLDWIDE SECURITY PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for worldwide security pro-tection shall to the extent practicable, be-fore any such funds may be allocated to any other authorized purpose, be allocated for— (1) immediate threat mitigation support in accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 531; (2) immediate threat mitigation support in accordance with subsection (b) at other fa-cilities; and (3) locations with high vulnerabilities. (b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION SUPPORT  P
RIORITIZATION .—In allocating funding for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2593 April 28, 2016 
immediate threat mitigation support pursu-ant to this section, the Secretary shall prioritize funding for— (1) the purchasing of additional security equipment, including additional defensive weaponry; (2) the paying of expenses of additional se-curity forces; and (3) any other purposes necessary to miti-gate immediate threats to United States per-sonnel serving overseas. 
SEC. 502. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds made available in fiscal year 2016 for Worldwide Security Up-grades within ‘‘embassy security, construc-tion and maintenance’’ shall to the extent practicable, before any funds may be allo-cated to any other authorized purpose, be al-located in the prioritized order of— (1) immediate threat mitigation projects in accordance with subsection (b) at facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pur-suant to section 531; (2) other security upgrades to facilities de-termined to be high threat, high risk pursu-ant to section 531; (3) all other immediate threat mitigation projects in accordance with subsection (b); and (4) security upgrades to all other facilities or new construction for facilities determined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to sec-tion 531. (b) I
MMEDIATE THREAT MITIGATION  P
ROJECTS PRIORITIZATION .—In allocating funding for immediate threat mitigation projects pursuant to this section, the Sec-retary shall prioritize funding for the con-struction of safeguards that provide imme-diate security benefits and any other pur-poses necessary to mitigate immediate threats to United States personnel serving overseas. (c) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .—No funds au-thorized to be appropriated shall be obli-gated for new embassy construction, other than for high threat, high risk facilities, un-less the Secretary certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that— (1) the Department has fully complied with the requirements of subsection (a); (2) high threat, high risk facilities are being secured to the best of the United States Government’s ability; and (3) the Secretary will make funds available from the Embassy Security, Construction and Maintenance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new immediate threat mitigation projects. (d) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on— (1) funding for the priorities described in subsection (a); (2) efforts to secure high threat, high risk facilities as well as high vulnerability loca-tions facilities; and (3) plans to make funds available from the Embassy Security, Construction and Mainte-nance account or other sources to address any changed security threats or new or emergent security needs, including new im-mediate threat mitigation projects. Subtitle B—Contracting and Other Matters. 
SEC. 511. LOCAL GUARD CONTRACTS ABROAD UNDER DIPLOMATIC SECURITY PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 136(c)(3) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (22 U.S.C. 4864(c)(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) in evaluating proposals for such con-tracts, award contracts to technically ac-ceptable firms offering the lowest evaluated price, except that— ‘‘(A) the Secretary may award contracts on the basis of best value (as determined by a cost-technical tradeoff analysis), especially for posts determined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to section 531 of the Depart-ment of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016; and ‘‘(B) proposals received from United States persons and qualified United States joint venture persons shall be evaluated by reduc-ing the bid price by 10 percent;’’. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that includes— (1) an explanation of the implementation of section 136(c)(3) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991, as amended by subsection (a); and (2) for each instance in which a contract is awarded pursuant to subparagraph (A) of such section, a written justification and ap-proval that describes the basis for such award and an explanation of the inability of the Secretary to satisfy the needs of the De-partment by awarding a contract to the technically acceptable firm offering the low-est evaluated price. 
SEC. 512. DISCIPLINARY ACTION RESULTING FROM UNSATISFACTORY LEADER-SHIP IN RELATION TO A SECURITY INCIDENT. 
Section 304(c) of the Diplomatic Security Act (22 U.S.C. 4834 (c)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘Whenever’’ in the first sen-tence immediately following the subsection heading and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN SECURITY INCIDENTS .— ‘‘(A) U
NSATISFACTORY LEADERSHIP .—Unsat- isfactory leadership by a senior official with respect to a security incident involving loss of life, serious injury, or significant destruc-tion of property at or related to a United States Government mission abroad may be grounds for disciplinary action. ‘‘(B) D
ISCIPLINARY ACTION .—If a Board finds reasonable cause to believe that a senior of-ficial provided such unsatisfactory leader-ship, the Board may recommend disciplinary action subject to the procedures in para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 513. MANAGEMENT AND STAFF ACCOUNT-ABILITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF STATE .— Nothing in this Act or in any other provision of law may be construed to prevent the Sec-retary from using all authorities invested in the office of Secretary to take personnel ac-tion against any employee or official of the Department that the Secretary determines has breached the duty of that individual or has engaged in misconduct or unsatis-factorily performed the duties of employ-ment of that individual, and such mis-conduct or unsatisfactory performance has significantly contributed to the serious in-jury, loss of life, or significant destruction of property, or a serious breach of security, even if such action is the subject of an Ac-countability Review Board’s examination under section 304(a) of the Diplomatic Secu-rity Act (22 U.S.C. 4834(a)). (b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—Section 304 of the Diplomatic Security Act (22 U.S.C. 4834) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘or has engaged in misconduct or unsatisfactorily performed the duties of employment of that individual, and such misconduct or unsatis-factory performance has significantly con-tributed to the serious injury, loss of life, or significant destruction of property, or the se-rious breach of security that is the subject of the Board’s examination as described in sub-section (a),’’ after ‘‘breached the duty of that individual’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY .—When- ever a Board determines that an individual has engaged in any conduct described in sub-section (c), the Board shall evaluate the level and effectiveness of management and oversight conducted by employees or offi-cials in the management chain of such indi-vidual.’’. 
SEC. 514. SECURITY ENHANCEMENTS FOR SOFT TARGETS. 
Section 29 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2701) is amended, in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘physical security enhancements and’’ after ‘‘Such assistance may include’’. Subtitle C—Marine Corps Security Guard Program 
SEC. 521. ADDITIONAL REPORTS ON EXPANSION AND ENHANCEMENT OF MARINE CORPS SECURITY GUARD PROGRAM. 
Section 1269(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 5983 note) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the date that is three years after such date’’ after ‘‘of this Act’’. Subtitle D—Defending High Threat, High Risk Posts 
SEC. 531. DESIGNATION AND REPORTING FOR HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense, shall submit, to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives, a classified report, with an unclassi-fied summary, evaluating Department facili-ties that the Secretary determines to be high threat, high risk in accordance with sub-section (c). (b) C
ONTENTS .—For each facility deter-mined to be high threat, high risk pursuant to subsection (a), the report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a narrative assessment describing the security threats and risks facing posts over-seas and the overall threat level to United States personnel under chief of mission au-thority; (2) the number of diplomatic security per-sonnel, Marine Corps security guards, and other Department personnel dedicated to providing security for United States per-sonnel, information, and facilities; (3) an assessment of host nation willing-ness and capability to provide protection in the event of a security threat or incident, pursuant to the obligations of the United States under the Vienna Convention on Con-sular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and the 1961 Vienna Convention on Dip-lomatic Relations, done at Vienna April 18, 1961; (4) an assessment of the quality and experi-ence level of the team of United States sen-ior security personnel assigned to the facil-ity, considering collectively the assignment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2594 April 28, 2016 
durations and lengths of government experi-ence; (5) the number of Foreign Service Officers who have received Foreign Affairs Counter Threat training; (6) a summary of the requests made during the previous calendar year for additional re-sources, equipment, or personnel related to the security of the facility and the status of such requests; (7) an assessment of the ability of United States personnel to respond to and survive a fire attack, including— (A) whether the facility has adequate fire safety and security equipment for safe ha-vens and safe areas; and (B) whether the employees working at the facility have been adequately trained on the equipment available; (8) if it is a new facility, a detailed descrip-tion of the steps taken to provide security for the new facility, including whether a dedicated support cell was established in the Department to ensure proper and timely resourcing of security; and (9) a listing of any high threat, high risk facilities where the facilities of the Depart-ment and other government agencies are not collocated, including— (A) a rationale for the lack of collocation; and (B) a description of what steps, if any, are being taken to mitigate potential security vulnerabilities associated with the lack of collocation. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF HIGHTHREAT , HIGH R
ISKFACILITY .—In determining which facili-ties of the Department constitute high threat, high risk facilities under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall take into account with respect to each facility whether there are— (1) high to critical levels of political vio-lence or terrorism; (2) national or local governments with in-adequate capacity or political will to provide appropriate protection; and (3) in locations where there are high to critical levels of political violence or ter-rorism or where national or local govern-ments lack the capacity or political will to provide appropriate protection— (A) mission physical security platforms that fall well below the Department’s estab-lished standards; or (B) security personnel levels that are insuf-ficient for the circumstances. (d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW AND RE-
PORT .—The Inspector General for the Depart-ment of State and the Broadcasting Board of Governors shall annually— (1) review the determinations of the Sec-retary with respect to high threat, high risk facilities, including the basis for making such determinations; (2) review contingency planning for high threat, high risk facilities and evaluate the measures in place to respond to attacks on such facilities; (3) review the risk mitigation measures in place at high threat, high risk facilities to determine how the Secretary evaluates risk and whether the measures put in place suffi-ciently address the relevant risks; (4) review early warning systems in place at high threat, high risk facilities and evalu-ate the measures being taken to preempt and disrupt threats to such facilities; and (5) provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees— (A) an assessment of the determinations of the Secretary with respect to high threat, high risk facilities, including recommenda-tions for additions or changes to the list of such facilities; and (B) a report on the reviews and evaluations undertaken pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (4). SEC. 532. DESIGNATION AND REPORTING FOR HIGH-RISK COUNTERINTELLIGENCE THREAT POSTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (F) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (H) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives (2) P
RIORITY 1 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE  
THREAT NATION .—The term ‘‘Priority 1 Coun-terintelligence Threat Nation’’ means a country designated as such by the October 2012 National Intelligence Priorities Frame-work (NIPF). (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in conjunction with appro-priate officials in the intelligence commu-nity and the Secretary of Defense, shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress that assesses the counterintel-ligence threat to United States diplomatic facilities in Priority 1 Counterintelligence Threat Nations. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an assessment of the use of locally em-ployed staff and guard forces and a listing of diplomatic facilities in Priority 1 Counter-intelligence Threat Nations without con-trolled access areas; and (B) recommendations for mitigating any counterintelligence threats and for any nec-essary facility upgrades, including costs as-sessment of any recommended mitigation or upgrades. 
SEC. 533. ENHANCED QUALIFICATIONS FOR DEP-UTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE FOR HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
The Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 is amended by in-serting after section 206 (22 U.S.C. 4824) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 207. DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE FOR HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
‘‘The individual serving as Deputy Assist-ant Secretary of State for High Threat, High Risk Posts shall have 1 or more of the fol-lowing qualifications: ‘‘(1) Service during the last 6 years at 1 or more posts designated as high threat, high risk by the Secretary of State at the time of service. ‘‘(2) Previous service as the office director or deputy director of 1 or more of the fol-lowing Department of State offices or suc-cessor entities carrying out substantively equivalent functions: ‘‘(A) The Office of Mobile Security Deploy-ments. ‘‘(B) The Office of Special Programs and Coordination. ‘‘(C) The Office of Overseas Protective Op-erations. ‘‘(D) The Office of Physical Security Pro-grams. ‘‘(E) The Office of Intelligence and Threat Analysis. ‘‘(3) Previous service as the Regional Secu-rity Officer at two or more overseas posts. ‘‘(4) Other government or private sector ex-perience substantially equivalent to service in the positions listed in paragraphs (1) through (3).’’. SEC. 534. SECURITY ENVIRONMENT THREAT LIST BRIEFINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and upon each subsequent update of the Se-curity Environment Threat List (SETL), the Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security shall provide classified briefings to the appropriate congressional committees on the Security Environment Threat List. (b) C
ONTENT .—The briefings required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an overview of the Security Environ-ment Threat List; and (2) a summary assessment of the security posture of those facilities where the Security Environment Threat List assesses the threat environment to be most acute, including fac-tors that informed such assessment. 
SEC. 535. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON IMPLE-MENTATION OF BENGHAZI AC-COUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARD REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that describes the progress of the Secretary in implementing the recommendations of the Benghazi Ac-countability Review Board. (b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of the progress the Sec-retary has made in implementing each spe-cific recommendation of the Accountability Review Board; and (2) a description of any impediments to recommended reforms, such as budget con-straints, bureaucratic obstacles within the Department or in the broader interagency community, or limitations under current law. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 536. FOREIGN AFFAIRS SECURITY TRAINING CENTER. 
(a) O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall pro-vide to the appropriate congressional com-mittees all documents and materials related to its consideration and analysis concerning the Foreign Affairs Security Training Center at Fort Picket, Virginia, and any alternative facilities. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees all documents and materials related to the de-termination to construct a new Foreign Af-fairs Security Training Center at Fort Pick-et, Virginia, including any that are related to the development and adoption of all re-lated training requirements, including any documents and materials related to the con-sideration and analysis of such facility per-formed by the Office of Management and Budget. 
SEC. 537. LANGUAGE TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV of the Diplo-matic Security Act (22 U.S.C. 4851 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 416. LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS FOR DIP-LOMATIC SECURITY PERSONNEL AS-SIGNED TO HIGH THREAT, HIGH RISK POSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Diplomatic security per-sonnel assigned permanently to, or who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2595 April 28, 2016 
serving in, long-term temporary duty status as designated by the Secretary of State at a high threat, high risk post should receive language training described in subsection (b) in order to prepare such personnel for duty requirements at such post. ‘‘(b) L
ANGUAGE TRAINING DESCRIBED .—Lan- guage training referred to in subsection (a) should prepare personnel described in such subsection— ‘‘(1) to speak the language at issue with sufficient structural accuracy and vocabu-lary to participate effectively in most formal and informal conversations on subjects ger-mane to security; and ‘‘(2) to read within an adequate range of speed and with almost complete comprehen-sion on subjects germane to security. ‘‘(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than September 30, 2016, the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors shall— ‘‘(1) review the language training con-ducted pursuant to this section; and ‘‘(2) make the results of such review avail-able to the Secretary of State and the appro-priate congressional committees.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Omnibus Diplomatic Secu-rity and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–399) is amended by inserting after the item relating the section 415 the following: ‘‘Sec. 416. Language requirements for diplo-matic security personnel as-signed to high threat, high risk posts.’’. Subtitle E—Accountability Review Boards 
SEC. 541. PROVISION OF COPIES OF ACCOUNT-ABILITY REVIEW BOARD REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 2 days after an Account-ability Review Board provides its report to the Secretary of State in accordance with title III of the Omnibus Diplomatic and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4831 et seq.), the Secretary shall provide copies of the report to the majority leader of the Sen-ate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the majority leader of the House of Representa-tives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives, and to the appropriate congressional committees for retention and review by those committees. 
SEC. 542. STAFFING. 
Section 302(b)(2) of the Diplomatic Secu-rity Act (22 U.S.C. 4832(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such per-sons shall be drawn from bureaus or other agency subunits that are not impacted by the incident that is the subject of the Board’s review.’’. TITLE VI—MANAGEMENT AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited at the ‘‘Improving Department of State Oversight Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 602. COMPETITIVE HIRING STATUS FOR FORMER EMPLOYEES OF THE SPE-CIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR IRAQ RECONSTRUCTION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any employee of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction who com-pletes at least 12 months of service at any time prior to the date of the termination of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Recon-struction (October 5, 2013), and was not ter-minated for cause shall acquire competitive status for appointment to any position in the competitive service for which the em-ployee possesses the required qualifications. 
SEC. 603. ASSURANCE OF INDEPENDENCE OF IT SYSTEMS. 
The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors, shall certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the Department has made reasonable efforts to ensure the integrity and independence of the Office of the Inspec-tor General Information Technology sys-tems. SEC. 604. PROTECTING THE INTEGRITY OF IN-TERNAL INVESTIGATIONS. 
Section 209(c)(5) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(c)(5)) is amended by in-serting at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(C) R
EQUIRED REPORTING OF ALLEGATIONS  
AND INVESTIGATIONS AND INSPECTOR GENERAL  
AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each bureau, post or other office (in this subparagraph, an ‘enti-ty’) of the Department of State shall, within five business days, report to the Inspector General any allegations of— ‘‘(I) waste, fraud, or abuse in a Department program or operation; ‘‘(II) criminal or serious misconduct on the part of a Department employee at the FS–1, GS–15, GM–15 level or higher; ‘‘(III) criminal misconduct on the part of any Department employee; and ‘‘(IV) serious, noncriminal misconduct on the part of any individual who is authorized to carry a weapon, make arrests, or conduct searches, such as conduct that, if proved, would constitute perjury or material dishon-esty, warrant suspension as discipline for a first offense, or result in loss of law enforce-ment authority. ‘‘(ii) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Inspector General may, pursuant to existing authority, investigate matters covered by clause (i). ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON INVESTIGATIONS OUT -
SIDE OF OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .—No entity in the Department of State with con-current jurisdiction over matters covered by clause (i), including the Bureau of Diplo-matic Security, may initiate an investiga-tion of such matter unless it has first re-ported the allegations to the Inspector Gen-eral as required by clause (i), except as pro-vided in clause (v) and (vi). ‘‘(iv) C
OOPERATION .—If an entity in the De-partment of State initiates an investigation of a matter covered in clause (i) the entity must, except as provided in clause (v), fully cooperate with the Inspector General, in-cluding— ‘‘(I) by providing to the Inspector General all data and records obtained in connection with its investigation upon request of the In-spector General; ‘‘(II) by coordinating, at the request of the Inspector General, such entity’s investiga-tion with the Inspector General; and ‘‘(III) by providing to the Inspector Gen-eral requested support in aid of the Inspector General’s oversight and investigative respon-sibilities. ‘‘(v) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Inspector General may prescribe general rules under which any requirement of clause (iii) or clause (iv) may be dispensed with. ‘‘(vi) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .—Compli- ance with clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of this subparagraph may be dispensed with by an entity of the Department of State if com-plying with them in an exigent circumstance would pose an imminent threat to human life, health or safety, or result in the irre-trievable loss or destruction of critical evi-dence or witness testimony, in which case a report of the allegation shall be made not later than 48 hours after an entity begins an investigation under the authority of this clause and cooperation required under clause (iv) shall commence not later than 48 hours after the relevant exigent circumstance has ended. ‘‘(vii) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subparagraph may be interpreted to af-fect any duty or authority of the Inspector General under any provision of law, includ-ing the Inspector General’s duties or au-thorities under the Inspector General Act.’’. 
SEC. 605. REPORT ON INSPECTOR GENERAL IN-SPECTION AND AUDITING OF FOR-EIGN SERVICE POSTS AND BUREAUS AND OPERATING UNITS DEPART-MENT OF STATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to Con-gress on the requirement under section 209(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(a)(1)) that the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors inspect and audit, at least every 5 years, the administration of ac-tivities and operations of each Foreign Serv-ice post and each bureau and other operating unit of the Department. (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF MULTI-TIER SYS-
TEM.—The report required under subsection (a) shall assess the advisability and feasi-bility of implementing a multi-tier system for inspecting Foreign Service posts fea-turing more (or less) frequent inspections and audits of posts based on risk, including security risk, as may be determined by the Inspector General. (c) C
OMPOSITION .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include separate portions prepared by the Inspector General of the Department of State and Broadcasting Board of Governors, and the Comptroller General of the United States, respectively. f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 2, 2016, THROUGH MONDAY, MAY 9, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, May 2, at 2 p.m., Thursday, May 5, at 11:30 a.m.; I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, May 5, it next convene at 3 p.m., Monday, May 9; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 4 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; further, that following morning business, the Senate then re-sume consideration of H.R. 2028, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided between the two managers or their des-ignees; further, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote with respect to the Alexander sub-stitute amendment No. 3801 occur at 5:30 p.m.; finally, that for the purposes of rule XXII, the filing deadline for all first-degree amendments to the Alex-ander substitute amendment No. 3801 be at 3:30 p.m. and the second-degree filing deadline occur under rule XXII. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.074 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2596 April 28, 2016 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, MAY 2, 2016, AT 2 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:42 p.m., adjourned until Monday, May 2, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS  
AND BROKERS  
ANGELA L. KOKOSKO RIPLEY, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE NA-TIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. (NEW POSITION) 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
LESLIE GREENE BOWMAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2022, VICE MARTHA WAGNER WEINBERG, TERM EXPIRED. GEORGE SANCHEZ, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2022, VICE DOROTHY KOSINSKI, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
GAIL H. MARCUS, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 18, 2018, VICE JESSIE HILL ROBERSON, TERM EXPIRED. 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
KENT YOSHIHO HIROZAWA, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING AUGUST 27, 2021. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
THE JUDICIARY  
PATRICIA D. BARKSDALE, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE JOHN E. STEELE, RETIRED. TODD E. EDELMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, VICE RICHARD W. ROBERTS, RETIRED. WILLIAM F. JUNG, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF FLOR-IDA, VICE ANNE C. CONWAY, RETIRED. PHILIP R. LAMMENS, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE JOHN RICHARD SMOAK, RETIRED. FLORENCE Y. PAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, VICE REGGIE B. WALTON, RETIRED. REGINA M. RODRIGUEZ, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLO-RADO, VICE ROBERT E. BLACKBURN, RETIRED. PATRICIA ANN TIMMONS–GOODSON, OF NORTH CARO-LINA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, VICE MAL-COLM J. HOWARD, RETIRED. ANNE RACHEL TRAUM, OF NEVADA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF NE-VADA, VICE ROBERT CLIVE JONES, RETIRED. 
ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
KATHLEEN MARIE MARSHALL, OF NEVADA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 12, 2019, VICE ROSE-MARY E. RODRIGUEZ, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL D. LUNDY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JEFFREY S. BUCHANAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE DEAN OF THE ACADEMIC BOARD, UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY, AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 4335: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CINDY R. JEBB THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHELLE M. AGPALZA MATTHEW H. ALEXANDER NICOLE D. ALEXANDER CHRISTOPHER J. ANDERSON ERIC W. ANDERSON REGINALD J. ANDERSON CORY D. ARMSTEAD ALEXANDER C. BABINGTON CHRISTOPHER R. BAILEY KATRESHA M. BAILEY SCOTT A. BAILEY JASON A. BALLARD ROBERT J. BARTRUFF, JR. DANIEL B. BATEMAN DAVID J. BENJAMIN III ADAM C. BERLEW DUSTIN G. BISHOP JONATHAN A. BODENHAMER BRYAN M. BOGARDUS ANTWAN D. BROWN CARLA A. BROWN FRANKLIN J. BUKOSKI JAMES R. BURKES JEFFREY M. BURNETT MARK S. CAMPBELL CHRISTOPHER L. CAMPHOR DEBBIE Y. CASE TIMOTHY J. CATALANO CARYDANIEL CEGLEDI CHRISTOPHER L. CENTER ANTHONY F. CERELLA MARCOS A. CERVANTES INDERA Z. L. CHANDLER THOMAS W. CHANDLER III CHRISTOPHER G. CHAPMAN GEORGE W. CHILDS III VICTOR J. CINTRONVELEZ NATASHA S. CLARKE TORRANCE G. CLEVELAND JASON A. COLE JAMES I. COLLAZO JOHN E. COOPER MATTHEW D. COX JAMES L. CROCKER RONNIE C. CROSBY MALENM CRUZSEGARRA JOHN M. CULLEN, JR. DAMIAN R. CUNNINGHAM WADE R. CUNNINGHAM MICHAEL J. CUPP CRAIG A. DANIEL GREGORY S. DARLING KYLE D. DAVIDSON JUSTIN L. DEARMOND FABIENNE DENNERY HOWARD R. DONALDSON STEVEN M. DUBUC NELSON E. DUCKSON EMANUEL M. DUDLEY CHARLES D. ECKSTROM STACY M. ENYEART JACQUELINE S. L. ESCOBAR GILBERTO ESCOBEDO JANA K. FAJARDO PATRICK D. FARRELL PHOEBE E. FLYNN SCOTT A. FRANCIS RICHARD D. FRANK RYAN B. GALLION CHRISTOPHER J. GARVIN JOSHUA S. GINN JOEL P. GLEASON ALEXANDER J. GONZALES JEREMY C. GOTTSHALL THOMAS E. GOYETTE JOHN E. GRAY, JR. ADAM W. GREIN WILLIAM J. GRIFFIN ROSE A. GUERRERO DAVID G. GUIDA DION HALL CHRISTOPHER P. HAMMAN KEVIN M. HARRIS MICHAEL J. HARRIS TRAVIS HARRIS THOMAS J. HEILMAN CYNTHIA P. HENDERSON TRACIE M. HENRYNEILL JON A. HERMESCH JOSE HERNANDEZ UCHE T. HEYWARD TIMOTHY R. HICKMAN RACHAEL M. HOAGLAND NORMAN B. HODGES IV DEREK W. HOFFMAN KENNETH A. HOISINGTON CASEY J. HOLLER PAUL C. HUBBARD JOEL A. HUFT MICHAEL F. IANNUCCILLI ALANA R. JACKMAN IRVIN W. JACKSON THOMAS D. JAGIELSKI ANDRE J. JOHNSON PATRICE N. JOHNSON SCOTT R. JOHNSON BRIAN K. JONES CENTRELL A. JONES CHRISTOPHER S. JONES LEAH N. JONES MATTHEW S. JONES RANDY F. JONES RICARDO D. JONES SAMUEL J. JUNGMAN JEET H. KAJI BRATCHA J. KELLUM PATRICK L. KENDRICK ALI A. KHANHERNANDEZ GRACE H. KIM PATRICK L. KNIGHT JULIA M. KOBISKA EVERETT LACROIX DANIEL A. LANCASTER JOHN W. LANKFORD, JR. MARIWIN B. LARA RENANTE L. LASALA ANTHONY L. LEACH MOSES J. LEE RANDY P. LEFEBVRE JOHN J. LIANG KAREN F. LIEB MICHAEL P. LILES JAMES A. LINDH II TASHA N. LOWERY GAVIN O. LUHER RANDALL A. LUMMER REBEKAH S. LUST ANDREW J. LYNCH PAUL B. MADDEN ALINA C. MARTINEZ JUAN C. MARTINEZBERNARD BYRON C. MATTHEWS NATHAN G. MCDOUGLE JAMES M. MCGEE STEPHEN P. MCGOWAN JOHN W. MCGRADY KENNETH W. MCGRAW MATTHEW J. MCGRAW JOSEPH V. MESSINA DWAYNE S. MILBURN ADAM M. MILLER JADE P. MILLER RICHARD P. MILLOY JOHN D. MITCHEL THOMAS R. MONAGHAN, JR. CHARLES L. MONTGOMERY PHILLIP E. MOORE JOHANNA L. MORA DAVID B. MOSER DONYEILL A. MOZER SHAWN P. MUDER AIMEE C. MYRICK CHRISTOPHER M. NEAL RYAN C. NESRSTA ROBERT W. NEWSOM IV JENNIFER L. NEWSOME PETER D. NIENHAUS MATTHEW P. NISCHWITZ RYAN E. OCAMPO JEREMIAH S. OCONNOR DEANNE M. OJEDA JAMES U. OKEKE ANGEL R. ORTIZMEDINA JOHN A. PADGETT WILLIAM J. PARKER III TERRELL D. PASLEY THOMAS J. PATTERSON III CHAD A. PEDIGO PATRICIA A. PEELER FRANCISCO PENA GERALDO A. PERALTA ROLANDO PEREZCRUZ CURTIS S. PERKINS WILLIAM C. PERKINS THEODORE J. PETERS TERRY A. PHILLIPS JEREMIAH D. POPE JEFFREY A. POQUETTE ANTONIO V. A. PRESSLEY RICHARD A. PRIER GABRIEL W. PRYOR EDGARDO A. PUENTE ELIZABETH S. PURA JENNIFER L. RADER DOUGLAS N. RALPH STEPHEN D. RAMELLA JONATHAN P. RAMIREZ DANIEL O. RAMOS RACINE R. RANDOLPH SHERDRICK S. RANKIN MICHAEL S. RASCO ALEXANDER P. RASMUSSEN JOSE L. RAYAESCUTIA WILLIAM A. REKER TIMOTHY M. RENAHAN MATTHEW O. REYNOLDS THURMAN C. REYNOLDS JOHN V. RIOS LUIS R. RIVERA LILLIAN A. ROBINSON MICHAEL P. RODER MCKEAL L. RODGERS ANTHONY B. ROGERS ARTURO ROQUE ROBERT J. ROWE JOHN M. RUTHS JOHN V. SALLING JUAN R. SANTIAGO, JR. ROY M. SARAVIA MICHELLE L. SCHAUMBURG JASON W. SCHULTZ WILLIAM S. SCHUYLER, JR. CLARISSE SCOTT JEFFREY J. SCOTT SHAWN M. SEFFERNICK TRAVIS L. SEPT JAVIER SEPULVEDATORRES JESSICA R. SEXTON DERRICK N. SHAW JEFF A. SHEARIN KEVIN P. SHILLEY ALPHONSO SIMMONS, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.105 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2597 April 28, 2016 
QUINTINA V. SMILEY DONALD D. SMITH JEFFREY A. SMITH KEVIN L. SMITH CALINA M. SNYDER EDGARDO SOSTRE LAVERNE O. STANLEY ROSHUN A. STEELE GEORGE C. STEPHAN IV KYLE L. STEVENS KELLY M. STEWART CECIL D. STINNIE LAKICIA R. STOKES JEFFREY R. STRAUSS MARTIN L. STUFFLEBEAM COURTNEY M. SUGAI TERRENCE J. SULLIVAN CHRISTINE M. TAKATS JOSEPH E. TAYLOR JENNIFER V. THIBEAULT LYDIA Y. THORNTON LOREN D. TODD KEITH D. TOLER PAUL A. TOMCIK ISAAC M. TORRES CARITA K. TOWNS NOBLE TURNER, JR. LEILANI M. TYDINGCO JOHN F. VANN THOMAS A. VELAZQUEZ II BRADLEY S. WAITE KEVIN J. WARD MOLLY J. WEAVER THOMAS J. WHIPPLE BRIAN A. WHITE OSHEA J. WHITE GARY D. WHITTACRE SONDRA L. WILKERSON BARRY L. WILLIAMS JAMAL T. WILLIAMS LATORRIS E. WILLIAMS TERRENCE D. WILLIAMS COREY D. WOODS CURTIS L. YANKIE ANDRE M. C. YEE CHRISTINE R. YOUNGQUIST BROCK A. ZIMMERMAN D010800 D012116 D012924 D012925 D012971 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JACOB I. ABRAMI ERIC R. ADAMS BENJAMIN K. AFEKU JAY H. ANSON CHARLES M. AZOTEA TERENCE W. BACON HOSSEIN D. BAHAGHIGHAT ROBERT J. BAKER PAUL W. BALDWIN SEAN A. BARBARAS MICHAEL A. BARKER KURT M. BARNEY CHRISTINA A. BEMBENEK JASON R. BIERKORTTE JASON D. BILLINGTON CHRISTIAN C. BJORNSON DAVID J. BLACK JEREMY S. BOARDMAN VINCENT J. BONCICH THOMAS J. BOUCHILLON ANDREW S. BROKHOFF ERICKA M. BROOKS JASON C. BROWN JARED L. BUCHANAN STEPHEN A. BULTMANN JOSHUA M. BUNDT RYAN H. BURKE MICHAEL P. BURNS RETT B. BURROUGHS MICHAEL R. BUSH ROGER M. CABINESS II JAMES D. CAHILL ANDREW J. CAMP JAYSON R. CAMPBELL EDWARD W. CARDINALE VERONICA A. CARROLL WILLIAM H. CARROLL CHRISTOPHER R. CARSON NATALIE K. CASEY MICHAEL W. CERCHIO LATRICE K. CLARK NICHOLAS J. CLARK MICHAEL D. CLAYTON BRYAN M. CLEARY JEREMY L. CLICK ENARDO R. COLLAZOALICEA BRIAN T. COLLINS CASEY D. CONNORS KRISTINA J. CORNWELL CASEY D. COYLE ANDREW D. CROY RICHARD M. CRUZ, JR. EDWARD D. CUEVAS PATRICK J. CULPEPPER TIMOTHY M. CULPEPPER KEVIN F. CUMMISKEY ANDREW D. DAMICO JASON N. DAUGHERTY HEIDI B. DEMAREST TRAVIS P. DETTMER PETER DIGIORGIO WILLIAM A. DONALDSON WILLIAM R. DUFFY TIMOTHY J. DUGAN NATHANIEL DURANT III JOHN N. DVORAK RUSSELL J. EDMISTON ROBERT A. ERICKSON KENNETH C. EVANS JASON C. FARMER WILLIAM A. FERRARO JOHN D. FINCH MICHAEL A. FINDLAY JEFFREY D. FISH MARK A. FISHER HEATHER M. FISK CHRISTOPHER P. FOLK DAVID FORD, JR. FLOYD C. FORREST DANIEL L. FOX SAMUEL T. FULLER RANDALL M. GABLE JASON J. GALUI JOSEPH N. GARDNER RICHARD C. GERMANN RONNIE E. GERONIMO TIMOTHY M. GIBBONS JOSEPH I. GILBERT ROBERT B. GILLESPIE DAVID M. GOHLICH JAMES T. GOLBY LESLIE D. GORMAN MATTHEW W. GRAHAM WILLIAM B. GREEN STEVEN J. GRIBSCHAW KEVIN J. GROPPEL STEVEN D. GUNTER HEATHER N. GUNTHER ROBERT A. HAMMACK JENNIFER K. HAN JOHN J. HANES LEIF A. HANSEN EDD D. HARRISON, JR. JONPAUL J. HART RICHARD E. HARTNEY III JARED B. HARTY RACHELLE T. HATHAWAY CHRISTINA HAYES PATRICK T. HEMMER ROBERTO HERNANDEZ WILLIAM M. HIGGINS THOMAS W. HIGGINSON NINA L. HILL JENNIFER A. HINKLE ANTONIO A. HINOJOSA DEAN L. HINRICHSEN BINH T. HO DEVIN M. HOLLINGSWORTH DAVID T. HORD MICHAEL J. HOSLER BENJAMIN W. K. HUNG STEPHEN E. HUNT, JR. YESENIA HUTCHER RONALD IAMMARTINO, JR. PAUL E. IRELAND BRADLEY J. ISLER JASON E. ISON ERICA R. IVERSON LASHAUNDA R. JACKSON MICHAEL T. JACKSON JEFFREY S. JAGER JUNEL R. JEFFREY BIJI T. JOHN EUGENE L. JOLLY III COURTNEY E. JONES KEVIN T. JOYCE BRIAN F. KAMMERER JOSHUA D. KASER SCOTT W. KEY ANDREW R. KICK NADINE M. C. KING JILLIAN M. KLUG KENNETH S. KONDO, JR. JOSEPH T. KOSEK III PHILLIP M. LACASSE THOMAS LAFLASH JOSEPH T. LATENDRESSE PAUL B. LEMIEUX MICHAEL P. LENART EDWARD B. LERZ II CONWAY LIN SCOTT D. LINKER CHYLON E. LONGMOSES DAVID W. LOWE PAUL L. MAHER RYNELE M. MARDIS BRADLEY J. MAROYKA ALEXANDER MARRONE VINCENT P. MARSCHEAN STEPHEN M. MARSHALL ARNULFO J. MARTINEZ TOM O. MATCHIN III LATASHA M. MATTHEWS JASON A. MCANALLY SEAN P. MCCAFFERTY SEAN M. MCCLURE MATTHEW M. MCCREARY JOHN W. MCFARLIN, JR. JAY G. MCGEE CORY T. MCKOY SCOTT D. MCLEARN MEGAN A. MCSWAIN JASON S. MEISEL JOHN J. MELO JENNIFER S. MENDEL CHRISTOPHER L. MENG PHILIP A. MESSER MARK P. MICHELS APRIL D. MILLER JOSHUA T. MILLER LAUREN J. S. MILLER PATRICK J. MILLER RICHARD S. MILLS II KRISTOPHER S. MITCHELL KELLY D. MONTGOMERY RONANDO D. MOORE DYLAN M. MORELLE CHRISTOPHER F. MORRELL JASON D. MOULTON AIMEE J. MOWRY DWAYNE A. MURRAY JONATHAN C. NARVAES PETER C. NELSON RYAN L. NENABER RICHARD A. NESSEL LOUIS V. NETHERLAND AARON M. NEWCOMER RUSSELL G. NOWELS RUSSELL F. NUNLEY KEVIN P. OCONNELL JOSEPH M. ODORIZZI AMMILEE A. OLIVA STEVEN J. OLSON JOHN P. OPLADEN ROGER B. ORDONEZ DUSTIN R. ORNATOWSKI RANDY T. OVERSTREET THOMAS J. PAFF MARCELO V. PAJO MICHAEL A. PANARO III JIN W. PARK GABRIEL R. PARSLEY WILLIAM W. PARSONS KERI A. PASQUINI RODRIC G. PAULETTO ALEXIS A. PEAKE HERIBERTO PEREZRIVERA DAVID A. PHEASANT CLINDON J. PHILLIPS THOMAS D. PIKE JAMES C. PILKAUSKAS CHAD M. PILLAI DALE L. PITTMAN DANIEL J. POOLE ELIZABETH M. POPIAK ROSALBA POULOS SUKHDEV S. PUREWAL PHILLIP RADZIKOWSKI SIEGFRIED T. RAMIL GEORGE C. RANDOLPH, JR. NATHAN T. REED JAYNA B. REICHERT JEREMY M. RIEHL JOHN P. RINGQUIST ADELISSE RIOJAS RYAN M. ROBERTS JOSE N. RODRIGUEZOCASIO ADALBERTO RODRIGUEZOLIVERA MICHAEL P. ROGOWSKI ANDREA M. ROSALES ROBERT RUBIANO ROBERTO J. SANTIAGO DONALD W. SAPP NATHAN C. SAUL ASSLAN SAYYAR JOSEPH E. SCHAEFER NATHAN G. SCHMIDT CLIFTON D. SCHMITT PETER L. SCHNEIDER JEFFREY F. SCHROEDER KEVIN A. SCOTT IAN P. SEIN BENJAMIN K. SELZER ROBERT J. SHADOWENS BENJAMIN J. SHAHA CHRISTOPHER M. SIMCOE CRAYTON E. SIMMONS STEPHEN T. SKELLS BENJAMIN M. SMITH WILLIAM T. SMITH JARED W. SNAWDER RICHARD J. SONNENFELD PATRICK L. SOULE JOHN M. SOVA JOEL C. SPINNEY CHRISTOPHER M. STAUDER JENNIFER D. STCLAIR KEVIN L. STEELE CHRISTOPHER N. STELLE JOSHUA N. STEPHENSON GEOFFROY E. STGALDEPONS MICHAEL K. STINCHFIELD ORRIN G. STITT ANDREW S. STLAURENT POVILAS J. STRAZDAS OLIVER D. STREET MARK C. STURGEON DANIEL P. SUKMAN JERMAINE L. SUTTON ANDREW D. SWEDBERG ANDREW D. SWEDLOW KERT L. SWITZER THOMAS B. TABAKA BRENDAN S. TAYLOR BENJAMIN R. THOMAS THAD M. THOME BRANDON S. THOMPSON JOSEF THRASH III DAVID J. TIER MANDIE A. TIJERINA MICHAEL W. TILTON JOHN D. TINCHER ROBERT S. TOMPKINS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.006 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2598 April 28, 2016 
AKEMI A. TORBERT ROBERT L. TRENT JASON G. TULLIUS JOHN E. TURNER, JR. COLEY D. TYLER NALONIE J. TYRRELL BRADLEY C. VELOTTA RANDALL S. VERDE TREVOR E. VOECKS BRIAN M. WADE NEIL R. WALKER WAYNE B. WALL II JONATHAN B. WARR JASON W. WARREN DENNIS J. WEAVER HANS J. WEBER CHRISTOPHER E. WELD JASON E. WILLIAMS JOSEPH B. WOOLSEY STEPHEN F. WRIGHT CHARLES R. ZIPPERER, JR. D001312 D004904 D005748 D010396 D012123 D012483 D012692 D012735 G010002 G010041 G010065 G010080 G010400 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RICHARD R. AARON JASON E. ALBRIGHT DANIEL C. ALDER MICHAEL F. ALEXANDER CHRISTOPHER M. ALMAGUER LEE E. AMBROSE TYLER K. ANDERSEN BRIAN C. ANGELL CURTIS M. ARMSTRONG MATTHEW R. ARROL DANIEL S. ARTINO SHANNON P. ASERON MICHAEL C. ATHANASAKIS JASON W. ATKINSON MARC J. AUSTIN JOHN R. BACON DEREK R. BAIRD HAILEYESUS BAIRU CHRISTINE M. BAKER REGAN M. BALDWIN ALHAJI S. BANGURA KEITH A. BARANOW JAMES A. BARLOW RYAN D. BARNETT STEVEN S. BARTLEY JAMES A. BEAULIEU RALPH L. BECKI JONATHAN S. BENDER KEITH W. BENEDICT TOBIAS A. BENNETT RYAN M. BERDINER JOSHUA P. BERRYHILL JAY A. BESSEY BRIAN E. BETTIS KEVIN T. BLACK PATRICK D. BLANKENSHIP JONATHAN G. BLEAKLEY PENNY M. BLOEDEL KELLY O. C. BOIAN LANE A. BOMAR LORETO V. BORCE, JR. RYAN P. BORTNYK BRIAN J. BOSTON STEPHEN E. BOURDON WILLIAM H. BOWERS JASON M. BRADLEY THOMAS K. BRENTON MATTHEW A. BRODERICK DIOSABELLE T. BUACK BOYCE R. BUCKNER MICHAEL R. BUNDT ANDREW E. BURGESS RYAN T. BURKERT JOHN J. BURRESCIA, JR. MICHAEL J. BUSTOS PHILIP A. BUSWELL JASON L. BUURSMA VAUGHAN M. BYRUM ELIZABETHANNE M. CAIN ADAM S. CAMARANO BRIAN C. CAMPBELL WILLIAM R. CANDA III ADAM M. CANNON DON L. CANTERNA, JR. MELISSA M. CANTWELL MATTHEW P. CAPOBIANCO MICHAEL H. CAPPS ARGOT CARBERRY ERIC D. CARLSON JASON C. CARTER JACOB L. CECKA THOMAS D. CHAPEAU GEORGE A. CHIGI CHRIS C. CHOI DAVID A. CIESZYNSKI STEVEN D. CLAY MICHAEL P. COCHRAN NATHANIEL F. CONKEY CHRISTOPHER J. G. COOK JOHN W. COPELAND CHAD P. CORRIGAN BENJAMIN C. CROOM RAMON J. CRUZSANCHEZ GREGORY E. CURRY II CLAYTON D. CURTIS DOUGLAS J. CURTIS NICHOLAS K. DALL ARNEL P. DAVID IAN S. DAVIS JOSHUA M. DAVIS MARK A. DAVIS CHRISTOPHER J. DAWSON JASON W. DAY ROGER T. DELAHUNT CHRISTOPHER M. DEMPSEY THURMAN S. DICKERSON III CHRISTIAN N. DIETZ ADAM B. DIGAUDIO DANIEL C. DINICOLA BRYAN J. DODD EDWARD M. DOWNS, JR. CLARA C. DRISCOLL RICHARD E. DUNNING ERIC N. DURRANT JASON R. DYE WILLIAM W. EARL MICHAEL T. ELIASSEN MATHEW D. ELLIOTT MICHAEL J. ENGLIS DAVID E. ESCOBAR MICHAEL S. FARMER BENJAMIN A. FIELDING BRADFORD A. FISHER JAMES D. FITZGERALD PATRICK M. FLOOD FRANKIE L. FLOWERS WAYNE A. FOGEL ROBERT L. FOSTER DARREN B. FOWLER JOHN T. FRANZ BRYAN W. FRIZZELLE THOMAS D. FROHNHOEFER DAVID A. FULTON MICHAEL R. FUNCHES BRENDAN R. GALLAGHER CASEY J. GALLIGAN ANDREW A. GALLO MICHAEL R. GARRY JOSHUA M. GASPARD MICHAEL E. GATES RICHARD B. GEBHARDT SHAWN H. GEIB JONATHON M. GENGE STEPHEN R. GIBBS BRIAN D. GILBERT JARROD J. H. GILLAM ANTHONY W. GORE LAWERENCE L. GRANT ROBERT L. GREEN WILLIAM J. GRIFFITH IV JOHN R. B. GUNTER DAVID W. GUNTHER NATHAN A. GUTHRIE RYAN A. GUTHRIE MICHAEL B. HALE MARK D. HALL THOMAS J. HANIFEN TIMOTHY J. HANLEY JAMES C. HARBRIDGE ADAM W. HARLESS JOSEPH G. HAROSKY JUSTIN D. HARPER PAUL G. HARRELL WILLIAM B. HARRINGTON PAUL D. HARRISON JONATHAN T. HARTSOCK KEITH A. HASKIN ANDREW M. HENNING DAVID F. HENNING, JR. KYLE D. HENSON MICHAEL S. HEQUEMBOURG JOHNATHAN W. HESTER LAWRENCE A. M. HICKS RICHARD S. HILDEN TERRY N. HILDERBRAND, JR. TERRY L. HILT WESLEY H. HIRAOKA DAVID J. HODGES JOSEPH E. HOFFMAN DAVID T. HOLSTEAD CHRISTOPHER T. HORMEL SCOTT W. HORRIGAN JAMES C. HOWELL SEAN K. HUBBARD DAVID M. HUDSON JUSTIN D. HUFNAGEL BRIAN M. HUMMEL MARCUS S. HUNTER GALEN L. HUSS THOMAS L. HUSSEY JEFFREY W. IRVING ERICA D. JACKSON JONATHAN B. JACKSON KEITH L. JACOBS BENJAMIN D. JAHN KEVIN L. JAMES WILLIAM F. JENNINGS DEREK E. JOHNSON JESSE R. JOHNSON STEPHEN M. JOHNSON TIMOTHY C. JOHNSON JONATHAN J. JOHNSTON JAMON K. JUNIUS STEVEN L. KANE LOUIS M. KANGAS AARON J. KAUFMAN JANETTE L. KAUTZMAN ALLEN L. KEHOE ANTHONY A. KELLER TIMOTHY P. KELLY EDWARD E. KENNEDY KEVIN R. KILBRIDE THOMAS J. KILBRIDE RUSTIE W. KIM JASON A. KING DONALD L. KINGSTON, JR. JONATHAN E. KLINK CHARLES M. KNOLL RYAN F. KOVARIK FRANK K. KRAMMER, JR. STEVEN L. KREH CALVIN A. KROEGER WILLIAM A. KRON MATTHEW M. KUHN DANIEL J. LAFOUNTAIN CHRISTOPHER C. LANE MICHAEL LANZAFAMA JAMIE R. LAVALLEY DOUGLAS A. LAXSON TRI D. LE CEDRIC G. LEE CHONG Y. LEE MATTHEW D. R. LEE MARK A. LEGASPI LEVIAS L. LEWIS SAMUEL E. LINN JEREMY F. LINNEY RYAN D. LONG CLIFTON J. LOPEZ III JAY T. LUCKRITZ KEITH P. MADERE COLIN P. MAHLE PATRICK J. MALONE LISA R. MANN TIMOTHY B. MANTON NED B. MARSH JONATHAN R. MARTIN DOUGLAS A. MASSIE RODRIC M. MCCLAIN MARK R. MCCLELLAN JESS MCCONNELL RODNEY D. MCCUTCHEON ARTHUR L. MCGRUE III ALISSA A. MCKAIG IAN J. MCKENNA ERIC D. MCKINNEY GREGORY W. MCLEAN JOHN H. MCNAMARA TIMOTHY P. MEADORS JORGE J. MENDOZA GABRIEL M. MESA MATTHEW C. MILETICH JOEL MILLAN JOHN P. MILLER III MARY K. MILLER RICHARD A. MILLER ERIC S. MINOR AARON J. MOCK JAMES M. MODLIN, JR. TRAVIS F. MOLLIERE DARREN R. MONIOT BRIAN J. MOORE ERICK J. MORALES PAUL W. MORESHEAD BRAD A. MORGAN JAYSON B. MORGAN CHRISTOPHER J. MORRIS SEAN M. MORROW CHRISTOPHER T. MORTON DUANE L. MOSIER BRIAN G. MULHERN PHILIP J. MUNDWEIL MICHAEL D. NELSON JACE R. NEUENSCHWANDER ROBERT J. NEWBAUER KENNETH E. NIELSEN II JEFFREY D. NOLL WILLIAM F. NORDAI PETER J. NORRIS ERIC W. NYLANDER MARK J. OBRIEN ERIK C. OKSENVAAG BRANDON L. OLIVEIRA ANDREW L. OLSON EDGAR J. OTALORA ELIAS D. OTOSHI JUSTIN R. PABIS NATHAN A. PALISCA BRADLY S. PARKER MATTHEW L. PARKER BRANDON W. PARRISH ERIC A. PARTHEMORE JATHAN R. PAYNE KEVIN M. PELLEY ALEXIS PEREZCRUZ ERIK S. PETERSON HIEU T. PHAM DUSTIN E. PHILLIPS KENNETH J. PHILLIPS NICHOLAS J. PLOETZ STEPHEN D. POE TODD F. POLK JEFFREY D. PORTER GREGORY J. POVENSKI DAVID W. PRESTON ERIC R. PRIBYLA JAMES D. PRITCHETT THOMAS T. PUTNAM JAMES A. RAINES, JR. ANDREA RANDLE JASON S. RAUB 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.009 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2599 April 28, 2016 
DANIEL L. RAUSCH THEODORE P. REAM GERALD J. REBESCHINI JENNIFER D. REED ARLO J. REESE SEAN M. REESE GLEN D. RENFREE JEFFREY P. RHODES CHRISTOPHER J. RICCI CHRISTOPHER O. ROBERTS STEVEN G. ROBINS GUYTON L. ROBINSON MICHAEL R. RODICK WILLIE RODNEY ROBERT R. RODOCK SONNY T. ROSALES JEFFREY R. ROSENBERG ANNMARIE D. RUPPERT STEVEN G. RUSH ARAYA S. RUTNARAK JOSEPH W. RUZICKA KATHRYN P. SANBORN MARC J. SANBORN KEITH P. SANDOVAL JOHANNIE SANMIGUEL DAVID A. SARRETTE, JR. CHARCILLEA A. SCHAEFER MATTHEW J. SCHER MARTIN D. SCHMIDT EDWARD B. SCHOENHEIT STEVEN J. SCHULDT JAMES D. SCOTT JOSEPH C. SCOTT JAMES H. SCULLION JOSHUA T. SEVERS MATTHEW D. SHAW JAMES D. SHEFFIELD WILLIAM H. SHOEMATE II DOUGLAS S. SIMMONS MARNY SKINDRUD LAURA J. SKINNER DAVID K. SMITH STEPHEN T. SMITH STEPHEN P. SNYDER HUGH E. SOLLOM ROBERTO C. SOLORZANO JEFFREY J. F. SOUTER DARREN T. SPEARS JONATHAN C. STAFFORD ANDREW D. STAPLES MICHAEL H. STARZ SHAWN P. STEELE DAVID J. STEWART WINCHESTER A. STIENS KEVIN P. STONEROOK IVEN T. SUGAI EDWARD T. SULLIVAN MARSHALL S. SYBERT NATHANAEL S. TAGG JOSHUA A. TAYLOR MICHAEL D. TEAGUE RICHARD P. TETA STEPHEN P. THIBODEAU JOSEPH F. THOMAS ANTHONY M. THOMPSON JARED A. THOMPSON MICHAEL B. THROCKMORTON TRAVIS S. TILMAN LAZANDER C. TOMLINSON PATRICK R. TOOHEY BRENDAN P. TOOLAN JASON A. TOTH RICHARD A. TOWNER BRIAN J. TRITTEN VICTOR E. TRUJILLO II TIMOTHY A. TRYON RICARDO A. TURNER KYLE L. UPSHAW JEREMY J. USSERY DAVID A. UTHLAUT MARCUS R. VARTAN SETH W. VIEUX CHRISTOPHER J. VITALE TREVOR S. VOELKEL MARK J. WADE ANDREW J. WAGNER RUSSELL O. WAGNER MATTHEW A. WALKER BRENNAN V. WALLACE LEE S. WALLACE STEVEN S. WALLACE CHADRICK K. WALLEY GREGORY A. WALLSTEN SHERMAN C. WATSON JASON R. WAYNE MARTIN E. WEAVER CHRISTOPHER P. WELLMAN DANIEL E. WELSH ROBERT J. WEST AMY M. WHEELER GRAHAM R. WHITE REGINALD D. WHITE NATHAN S. WHITFIELD ANDREW J. WHITFORD NATHAN A. WHITLOCK ANDREW J. WILBRAHAM AARON M. WILLIAMS REGINALD E. WILLIAMS, JR. DAVID R. WILSON JARED P. WILSON NATHANIEL B. WILSON BARRY WINNEGAN PAUL W. WITKOWSKI CARL H. WOHLFEIL MATTHEW S. WOLFE RICHARD S. WOOLSHLAGER RYAN K. WORKMAN GLEN A. WRIGHT TIMOTHY F. WRIGHT PAUL M. WUENSCH LUCAS J. YOHO ALEXANDER L. YOUNG SALVADOR M. ZUNIGA D003125 D004327 D010376 D010394 D010456 D010545 D010570 D010575 D010805 D010826 D011529 D011535 D012181 D012498 D012722 D012779 D012798 D012836 D012873 D012895 D012923 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
CARL J. WOJTASZEK THE FOLLOWING OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
G010339 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL A. IZZO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
JOSHUA R. POUNDERS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOSEPH F. ABRUTZ III ALDEN Y. ARGANTE COLBY T. BACON BERRY T. BROWN SAMUEL BRYANT JEREMY K. CARROLL ANDREW G. CATOIRE JEREMIAH M. CHASE BRIAN J. DAVIS CAMERON D. DENNIS JAMES A. DIPASQUALE TREY J. DITTBERNER KEVIN J. FULLER EDWARD J. GREWAY, JR. THOMAS D. GROARK BRENT J. HOLLOWAY WILLIAM B. HOWARD GUILLERMO H. HOWELL JUAN J. HUIZAR MATTHEW K. JACOBSON KYLE W. KILLINGBECK TONY T. G. LE MYRON E. LIND MICHAEL R. MALIN DAXTON H. MOORE GARRETT T. MOORE DANIEL T. OLSON MATTHEW D. OWENS TIMOTHY W. ROE JASON L. ROGERS JORGE E. ROLDAN PETER C. SCHUNK JOHN H. SEEBODE JEREMIAH S. SHUMWAY NICHOLAS E. SWANDA ABDOULAYE SYLLA JAMES E. TROGDEN III MICHAEL P. WOLCHKO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
DAVID H. MCALISTER 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FOR APPOINTMENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF CLASS THREE, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: EMILY M. SCOTT, OF WYOMING f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate April 28, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ROBERTA S. JACOBSON, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED MEXICAN STATES. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MARK A. BAIRD 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. THOMAS F. SPENCER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. GREGORY S. CHAMPAGNE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. MARSHALL B. WEBB THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DANIEL J. SWAIN THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAMES J. KEEFE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ANDREA D. TULLOS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. BRADLEY C. SALTZMAN THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ANDREW E. SALAS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CRAIG D. WILLS THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TAMHRA L. HUTCHINS–FRYE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. CURTIS M. SCAPARROTTI THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.011 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2600 April 28, 2016 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WILLIAM J. PRENDERGAST IV THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADES INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM P. BARRIAGE BRIG. GEN. PETER A. BOSSE BRIG. GEN. TROY D. KOK BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM S. LEE 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MARILYN S. CHIAFULLO COL. ALEX B. FINK COL. JOHN B. HASHEM COL. SUSAN E. HENDERSON COL. ANDREW J. JUKNELIS COL. JEFFREY W. JURASEK COL. DEBORAH L. KOTULICH COL. JOHN H. PHILLIPS COL. STEPHEN T. SAUTER COL. STEPHEN E. STRAND 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) PAUL J. VERRASTRO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) TIMOTHY J. WHITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) KYLE J. COZAD REAR ADM. (LH) LISA M. FRANCHETTI REAR ADM. (LH) ROY J. KELLEY REAR ADM. (LH) DAVID M. KRIETE REAR ADM. (LH) BRUCE H. LINDSEY REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES T. LOEBLEIN REAR ADM. (LH) WILLIAM R. MERZ REAR ADM. (LH) DEE L. MEWBOURNE REAR ADM. (LH) MICHAEL T. MORAN REAR ADM. (LH) STUART B. MUNSCH REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN B. NOWELL, JR. REAR ADM. (LH) TIMOTHY G. SZYMANSKI 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. VINCENT K. BROOKS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. BRADLEY A. HEITHOLD THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS DIRECTOR, AIR NATIONAL GUARD, AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 10506: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LEON S. RICE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. LORI J. ROBINSON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. STEPHEN M. TWITTY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN G. ROSSI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be general 
LT. GEN. ROBERT B. BROWN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. KENNETH D. JONES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ARLAN M. DEBLIECK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RODNEY L. FAULK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MARTIN T. MITCHELL, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LAURA S. BARCHICK AND ENDING WITH KEVIN J. WILKINSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 17, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHELLE D. AASTROM AND ENDING WITH CYNTHIA J. WEIDMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 17, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LAIRD S. ABBOTT AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER J. ZUHLKE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 17, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ALBERT E. WHITE, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JONATHAN M. LETSINGER, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LLOYD TRAVIS A. ARNOLD AND ENDING WITH KONSTANTINA ZUBER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF KRISTIE L. PARTIN, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF AIMEE D. SAFFORD, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF TRACEY A. GOSSER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF TODD R. HOWELL, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LARSS G. CELTNIEKS AND ENDING WITH PAULETTE V. BURTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF ERIC DANKO, TO BE LIEUTEN-ANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVEN N. CAROZZA AND ENDING WITH NOAH C. CLOUD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF RAMIT RING, TO BE LIEUTEN-ANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF GEOFFREY E. ANDERSON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRUCE H. ROBINSON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MATTHEW B. BOOTH AND ENDING WITH DONALD W. MOYER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 17, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROBERT L. CRONYN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DARRELL W. COLLINS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DEVON D. NUDELMAN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CALVIN C. THOMAS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEPHEN G. CRUYS AND ENDING WITH GREGORY J. LONG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 5, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH EDWARD S. BARNETT AND ENDING WITH LYNN J. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 5, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TIMOTHY G. BONNER AND ENDING WITH JAMES S. WELCH, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 5, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KRYSTAL D. BEAN AND ENDING WITH JUSTIN R. SCHLANSER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 5, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GEORGE A. BARBEE AND ENDING WITH D013078, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 5, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GABRIELLE M. ANDREANIFABRONI AND ENDING WITH YOUNG J. YAUGER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 5, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TERRYL L. AITKEN AND ENDING WITH D010908, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 5, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF TRAVIS H. OWEN, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSHUA T. ADE AND ENDING WITH D012875, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 7, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF TIMOTHY R. TEAGUE, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ERIC E. HALSTROM, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRIAN D. BOBO AND ENDING WITH ANTHONY D. FOURNIER, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 7, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF DENNIS N. SNELLING, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF KODJO S. KNOXLIMBACKER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF LORI R. SCHANHALS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DREW R. CONOVER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRADLEY D. OSTERMAN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF FRANCISCO J. LOPEZ, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TIMOTHY D. AIKEN AND ENDING WITH JAMES R. WEAKLEY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF GEORGE A. ROLLINS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MCARTHUR WALKER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TIMOTHY D. COVINGTON AND ENDING WITH ERIC A. KENNEDY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF NILSON OROZCOOVIEDO, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF PIERRE E. SAINTFLEUR, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JOHN A. YUKICA, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MA-TRIX W. ELIAS AND ENDING WITH NICHOLAS J. TAZZA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 28, 2016. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF BRIAN D. HENNESSY, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF DONALD C. KING, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF STEPHANIE M. SIMONI, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF JENNIFER L. SHAFER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JUSTIN K. CONROY AND ENDING WITH REBECCA L. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 17, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF BRICE A. GOODWIN, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF BRIAN J. HAMER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF SCOTT F. GRUWELL, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF SHANNON D. LORIMER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANIELLE M. BARNES AND ENDING WITH MARK R. THOMAS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 5, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF WILLIAM A. HLAVIN, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF PHILLIP G. CYR, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF DONALD E. SPEIGHTS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF LUIS A. BENCOMO, TO BE COM-MANDER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.013 S28APPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE615 April 28, 2016 
GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan measure to provide a five year authorization for the Great Lakes Res-toration Initiative. The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative pro-vides federal, state, tribal, and local officials with one more tool to protect the Great Lakes. Through it, we are helping in the fight to keep the Asian Carp out of the Great Lakes. Through it, tons of contaminated sediments have been removed and will no longer pose a threat to the public or the environment. Water-ways that were once closed to boaters, fisher-men, and the public are being revitalized and reborn. Through it, we are working to improve habi-tat for wildlife. This week in my district, the Army Corps and Milwaukee Metropolitan Sew-erage District will announce the completion of an Ecosystem Restoration Project funded with GLRI funds. The project ripped out 2,900 feet of concrete channel in the Menominee River, restoring natural riverbed and opening up over 37 miles and 125 acres of upstream wetlands for spawning by various fish species. Through it, three formally designed areas of concerns—because they contain highly con-taminated and toxic sediments—have been delisted in the region. Investing in protecting the Great Lakes make both economic and environmental sense. This basin is a drinking water source for tens of millions. When much of our nation and the world is fighting over water and trying to figure out how to address shortages or di-minishing water resources, we would be fool-ish not to protect this national treasure. This investment also benefits the economy and job creation in the region and the nation. Look no further than Milwaukee where water related businesses, universities, and other stakeholders are working to take advantage of our region’s proximity to the largest body of freshwater and a strong university research base, including the nation’s only freshwater school of science to attract water related en-trepreneurs and small businesses to the area. The Milwaukee Water Council, a nonprofit organization with over 180 members, which links water technology companies, water en-trepreneurs, academic researchers and water professionals is hard at work turning our re-gion’s advantages, including our city’s location on Lake Michigan, into creating jobs and eco-nomic development that will benefit the city and region. We need to protect the Great Lakes. I want to thank the leadership of the Com-mittee for making this bill a priority. Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, your leadership is much appreciated. I also want to applaud my colleagues from the region, in-cluding Congresswoman KAPTUR , on both sides of the aisle who keenly understand why we need to support this legislation. I support this bill and urge my colleagues to vote for it. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STEVE W. CRANDALL 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Steve W. Crandall, who passed away peacefully surrounded by family and friends on November 24, 2015. Steve served in the United States Navy during the Vietnam War on the USS Sperry. After his service, Steve met his first wife Carol and they had two sons together, Steven and Shane. In 1976, Steve married his lifelong partner Cathy. Together, they raised Michael, Steven, and Scot. Steve loved sports and being outdoors. Steve enjoyed fishing, hunting, boating and camping with his family. Steve played softball, bowled in leagues and won a couple golf tour-naments through Raley’s. Steve enjoyed vol-unteering his time coaching little league and always encouraged his boys in sports. Through the years, Steve worked hard for his family. Steve worked for the Retail Clerks Union for over 20 years, was a co-owner of Aqua Magic, a carpet cleaning and restoration business and a garbage man with Recology until he was diagnosed with diabetes in 1999. Steve had many medical struggles through the rest of his years but he was always happy to see you and his positive personality was im-possible to miss. Steve’s sanctuary was at the golf course. Thereafter, he worked at Green Tree Golf Club for approximately 12 years. Steve cher-ished his time there. Whether it was spending time with his friends, driving his beloved dog Sam around in the cart, teaching his sons and grandsons how to golf, or of course, working on the Course, he loved every day. Steve always wanted to make you smile. We will miss his ‘‘slightly exaggerated’’ stories and his tall tales. We will miss the way he lit up a room when he walked in. We will miss his kind and generous heart. Steve was preceded in death by his parents Glen and Iva Lee Crandall. Steve is survived by his loving wife Cathy, his sons Michael, Steve, Scot, Shane and their families. Sister Debbe Allen, four nieces and their families, as well as a dear ‘‘Papa’’ to nine Grandchildren. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE ACT HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ap-plaud the United States House of Representa-tives for the passing of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2015, which authorizes the Great Lakes Restoration Initia-tive through Fiscal Year 2020 at $300 million per year. This initiative continues to perform vital work to combat the influx of invasive spe-cies, restore polluted habitats, and clean up areas where significant harm has been caused by human activity; also known as Areas of Concern. H.R. 223 is a commonsense, non-partisan bill that creates jobs, restores com-munities, and boosts small businesses in the Great Lakes region. Beginning in 2010, the Great Lakes Res-toration Initiative has been working hard to protect and preserve the largest freshwater system in the world. I would like to thank my dear friend Mr. D
AVID JOYCE for leading this legislation to provide long-term stability for the protection and restoration of our beautiful Great Lakes, which are home to over 1.5 mil-lion jobs and more than thirty-five hundred plants and animals. This initiative has made a significant impact in the 8th District of Minnesota; specifically, the St. Louis River, which is one of the largest Areas of Concerns in the Great Lakes Basin. With the support of federal and state agencies involved, this Area of Concern is making in-credible progress. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congress for pass-ing this vital piece of legislation to provide long-term stability to our Great Lakes region and I commend the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative for all of the important work it does. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE AIRBUS TEAM IN MOBILE ON DELIVERY OF FIRST A321 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the determined men and women who work at the Airbus assembly facility in Mobile, Alabama, on the successful delivery of the first Alabama-built A321 to JetBlue. I had the honor of attending the special de-livery ceremony in Mobile on Monday, April 25th, to celebrate this momentous achieve-ment and share our appreciation with those who made the aircraft a reality. The ceremony was marked with a football theme. The marching band and cheerleaders from the University of South Alabama helped lead the crowd in cheers. The visiting dignitary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.001 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE616 April 28, 2016 
sitting next to me asked about the theme, and I informed him that we take great pride in foot-ball down in Alabama. I then informed him that the same amount of pride we take in our football teams, along with a ton of hard work, is put into the con-struction of the A321 aircraft. The men and women who work for Airbus recognize how monumental this moment is for the Mobile community, the State of Alabama, and the en-tire United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I am confident we will be building these aircraft in Mobile for many years to come, and I am so excited about the future of aviation in Southwest Alabama. So, on behalf of my constituents in Alabama’s First Congressional District, I want to con-gratulate Airbus and all of their hardworking employees on this impressive achievement. 
f 
CELEBRATING LIONS CLUBS INTERNATIONAL PRESIDENT DR. JITSUHIRO YAMADA’S LEADER-SHIP 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Jitsuhiro Yamada, President of Lions Clubs International, the world’s larg-est service organization, for his many years of outstanding service and dedication. Dr. Ya-mada was elected by his peers in June 2015 to facilitate the work of 1.4 million Lions Clubs International members in over 200 countries and territories. Working with over 46,000 clubs, Dr. Yamada promotes an international effort to aid the blind and visually impaired, champion youth initiatives, and strengthen local communities through hands-on service and humanitarian projects. As a member of the Lakeville Lions Club in Indiana, I have seen the impact Lions Clubs can have on local communities. They work to promote the principles of responsible govern-ment and good citizenship by uniting individ-uals from all walks of life with a mission to fos-ter a spirit of understanding among the peo-ples of the world. As President of Lions Clubs International, Dr. Yamada is the very embodi-ment of those ideals. The world truly owes a great deal of respect and gratitude to incredible individuals like Dr. Yamada who have dedicated their lives to working for the common good. His commit-ment to improving the state of our world in-spires many, facilitating the service of dedi-cated and passionate individuals across the globe. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in cele-bration of Dr. Yamada’s leadership and contin-ued accomplishments. His work brings com-munities together, strengthening our collective resolve. CONGRATULATING THE MAINE TROOP GREETERS ON WEL-COMING HOME 1,500,000 AMERICAN HEROES HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the Maine Troop Greeters on re-cently welcoming home our 1,500,000th Amer-ican hero. I want to applaud and thank each one of these incredible individuals for their important, inspirational work to personally greet each American soldier—including hundreds of our canine heroes—when they return to U.S. soil through the Bangor International Airport, re-gardless of the time of day or night they arrive home. Many of us remember the disgraceful treat-ment our brave servicemen received upon their arrival home from Vietnam. Thanks to the Maine Troop Greeter’s incredible dedication, every military member now deployed overseas is welcomed back the way they deserve—with a friendly Maine face and heartfelt words ex-pressing our Nation’s great gratitude for their selfless service and joy for their safe home-coming. I am privileged to be an honorary Maine Troop Greeter and to represent these incred-ible men and women in the United States Congress. I was also honored to invite Troop Greeter and American hero Norm Rossignol as my special guest at this year’s State of the Union. America is the greatest country in the world because of patriots like these selfless in-dividuals. Again, I want to congratulate the amazing men and women of the Maine Troop Greeters on reaching this incredible 1.5 million troop milestone and I look forward to joining them again soon. God Bless America and God Bless the Maine Troop Greeters. 
f 
GERARDO BARAJAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Gerardo Barajas for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Gerardo Barajas is a 12th grader at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Gerardo Barajas is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Gerardo Barajas for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. IN RECOGNITION OF MATTHEW GARY, SAMUEL BORICK, AND JULIA FONTANA AS HONORABLE MENTION WINNERS OF THE 2016 NATIONAL C-SPAN STUDENT CAM VIDEO CONTEST HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Matthew Gary, Samuel Borick, and Julia Fontana, who participated in the 2016 National C-Span Student Cam Video Contest. The five-minute entry entitled ‘‘2016: The Race to Protect the Environment’’ earned them an honorable mention. The team created the documentary to em-phasize why environmental policy should be at the forefront of 2016’s political debates. The team met with qualified individuals such as en-vironmental advocate Peter Iwanowicz, envi-ronmental policy expert Barry Rabe, and the Honorable R
OBERT CASEY , Jr., a United States Senator from Pennsylvania. Through these interviews, they explored why environmental issues are neglected by politicians and why public officials and aspirants at the highest level should make them a priority. As many of my colleagues know, I am a passionate advocate for the environment. I be-lieve preserving our natural, recreational, and cultural resources is an environmental, as well as an economic, imperative. I am impressed by these young people and their contribution to the national dialogue. Like them, I believe we need to take steps to ensure our environ-ment is in good hands for future generations. It is an honor to recognize the achievement of Matthew Gary, Samuel Borick, and Julia Fontana. May they continue to strive for excel-lence in their education and be good stewards of our planet. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Wednesday, April 27, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 166 and 167, ‘‘nay’’ on roll call votes 168 and 169, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 170, ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 171, and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 172. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I was at the White House to discuss criminal justice reform and I was unable to return in time for roll call votes 170, 171, and 172. Had I been here, I would have voted Yes to 170, Ms. Waters Amendment; No to 171, Final Passage; and Yes to 172, on the Defend Trade Secrets Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP8.003 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE617 April 28, 2016 
COLLEEN OWENS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Colleen Owens for her award of Colorado’s 2016 High School Principal of the Year. The Colorado Association of School Executives (CASE) and a committee of her peers from the Colorado Association of Secondary School Principals (CASSP) chose Principal Owens for this award. For over five years Principal Owens has passionately worked to be a positive influence in the lives of students, teachers, parents and our community. She has sought to eliminate and improve upon many of the issues the school was facing, including a drastically de-creasing enrollment of nearly 100 students per year. Her tireless efforts to help establish a firm sense of community to ‘‘RamNation’’ (as the school community is called) have helped to stabilize and reach new levels of engage-ment and achievement. She was also instru-mental in bringing the one-of-a-kind Academy Program—which offers courses ranging from engineering, health, business, performing arts, global studies, and more—to help students prepare for college and other career opportu-nities. Principal Owens’s roots are deep within Green Mountain School. An alumna herself, she has served diverse roles at Green Moun-tain High School including student, teacher and assistant principal. In addition to sup-porting student success through the Academy model, Principal Owens promotes strong in-struction and teacher development through Professional Learning Communities. Beyond her role in leading both students and staff, Owens has worked vigorously to strengthen the school’s communication. To say she is an accomplished adminis-trator is an understatement. Principal Owens’ dedication and enthusiasm for education is re-flected in her exemplary contributions to the profession. I extend my deepest thanks to Principal Owens for her service to the stu-dents of Green Mountain High School. Thank you for your continuous dedication to edu-cation and to our local community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WORKERS’ MEMORIAL DAY 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize April 28 as Workers’ Memorial Day, and to honor the men and women around the world who have suffered injuries or lost their lives in the workplace. In Connecticut, the unions of the AFL–CIO are observing Workers’ Memorial Day today with ceremonies on the steps of our State Capitol in Hartford and at the Workers Memo-rial in the Town of Groton’s Washington Park. Last Saturday was the 29th anniversary of one of the worst workplace disasters in Con-necticut’s history. On April 23, 1987, L’Ambiance Plaza, a 16-story building under construction in Bridgeport, collapsed. Twenty- eight construction workers lost their lives. This disaster was preventable, and it was a wakeup call for Connecticut—and for our na-tion—that we can never afford to take work-place safety for granted. We’ve made some progress in the three decades since the L’Ambiance Plaza tragedy, but in the United States, 13 workers still die on the job during an average workday. In Connecticut, 33 men and women died due to workplace accidents in 2014. That’s more than two workers every month, just in my state, who don’t return home to their loved ones at the end of a shift. Nearly half of these men and women worked in the construction, transportation, and warehousing industries—industries that sus-tain thousands of Connecticut jobs. These workers are powering the economy of our state and of the nation, and we have a re-sponsibility to keep them safe. Today, on Workers’ Memorial Day, we honor the memories and sacrifices of the thou-sands of men and women throughout the world who have been injured or lost their lives while doing their job. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF DIANNA MARIE HEGEDUIS ON THE FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF HER PASSING 
HON. JOSEPH J. HECK 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dianna Marie Hegeduis for her service to the state of Nevada. Dianna was a resident of Las Vegas for 35 years and passed away on May 6, 2011, just five years ago. A 1992 graduate of UNLV, Dianna pursued a legal education at Brigham Young University before returning to Nevada to start her career. In her professional life, Dianna served as the executive director and general counsel for the Nevada Board of Osteopathic Medicine, where she worked to help improve access to medical care for Nevada residents in rural areas. She also served as the Chief Deputy Attor-ney for the State of Nevada under Attorney General Brian Sandoval, arguing and winning several key cases before the Nevada Su-preme Court. But it was in her spare time serving as a community volunteer where Dianna made the most lasting impact on those around her. She mentored young attorneys and helped them with job placements. She served as a volunteer judge for high school debate competitions. She was active in assisting members of our senior citizen community with their everyday needs. Dianna Marie Hegeduis was an exemplary Las Vegan and Nevadan, and it is my great honor to join with her friends and family today to memorialize her dedication to the Silver State. CELEBRATING FORT LUPTON MIDDLE SCHOOL HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Fort Lupton Middle School for its recognition as an Advancement Via Individual Determination (AVID) National Demonstration school and an AVID School of Distinction, as well as for winning the coveted Game Plan for Success Award. These merits are most deserved. Staying true to their motto, ‘‘Every Student, Every Day, Achieves and Learns,’’ the students, teachers, and administration of Fort Lupton have dedi-cated themselves to the pursuit of education and the pursuit of college and career readi-ness. If you walk through Fort Lupton, you will see data from the latest benchmark exams dis-played throughout the building, celebrating success and conveying the need to work hard and aim high. It is because of the school’s commitment to hard work and data-driven teaching that they have earned the prestigious Game Plan for Success Award. To honor this achievement, U.S. Women’s National Soccer Star Megan Rapinoe presented the school with the $5,000 prize and shared with the stu-dents tips for success in and out of the class-room. Today, I also honor the principal of Fort Lupton Middle School, Candace Kensinger. Ms. Kensinger has shown incredible leader-ship and her passion for education is an inspi-ration for students and educators alike. Mr. Speaker, I send my sincerest congratu-lations to the entire Fort Lupton Middle School community. Their academic success serves as an example throughout Colorado and the United States of America. 
f 
CHAZ VIGIL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Chaz Vigil for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Chaz Vigil is a 12th grader at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Chaz Vigil is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Chaz Vigil for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP8.007 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE618 April 28, 2016 
CELEBRATING PAY IT FORWARD DAY IN KENTUCKY 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Pay It Forward Day in Kentucky, as declared by Governor Matt Bevin to be recognized on April 28, 2016. I commend community, state and national lead-ers alike for promoting the spirit of goodwill and neighborly kindness through this nation-wide effort. Whereas, the aim of the Pay It Forward concept is to promote community spirit through acts of kindness; Whereas, Pay It Forward Day is a world-wide effort being supported by people in more than 70 countries on six continents; Whereas, Pay It Forward Day encourages people to do good deeds for others without asking for anything in return except for the re-cipients to pay it forward to others in need; and Whereas, together we can make a dif-ference by creating positive change in our community and world—one good deed at a time. Mr. Speaker, I encourage the Kentucky del-egation, along with my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to continue per-sonal efforts to ‘‘Pay It Forward’’ with simple acts of kindness in their own congressional districts across the country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA CUNNINGHAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Barbara Cunningham of Shenandoah, Iowa, for her up-coming retirement from the NEA on August 31st, 2016. For 35 years, Barbara served our community, and state as an educator in the Shenandoah Community School District, and an additional six years on the NEA-Retired Board of Directors. Barbara has dedicated her life to teaching and enriching the lives of young people, and began her journey as a teacher right after completing her education. Barbara found the Shenandoah Community School District was the best fit for her as a physical education (PE) instructor. The supplies and facilities were limited—Barbara describes the original gym as the size of a tractor trailer—yet Bar-bara made the best of it, as most of our teach-ers do, and focused on teaching her kids with what they had. Her positive attitude and dedi-cation to her students left a lasting impact that cannot be measured. For the last six years, Barbara has served on the NEA-Retired Board of Directors. She is a dedicated public servant who, even after re-tiring from teaching, continued to do more to help our youth and communities. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Barbara today as she approaches her retire-ment. Her expertise and hard work will be sorely missed by her colleagues and all those she has worked with over the years. I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Bar-bara for her nearly 40 years of dedicated serv-ice and in wishing her nothing but continued success in her retirement. f 
REMARKS IN HONOR OF THE SERVICE OF COLONEL DAVID HAMILTON 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the service of Colonel David Hamilton, of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedi-cation to duty and service to our nation. Colo-nel Hamilton was born in Kingston, Jamaica and grew up in Holliston, Massachusetts. He began his career in the Army in 1984 after re-ceiving a nomination to attend West Point from my great-uncle, the late Senator Edward Kennedy. Colonel Hamilton was commis-sioned as a Field Artilleryman upon graduation from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1988. Throughout his military career, his many as-signments included serving as a Platoon Leader during Operation Desert Shield/Storm and then Company Fire Support Officer in the 82nd Airborne Division. As a Captain, Colonel Hamilton commanded two batteries and de-ployed his unit to Bosnia in support of Oper-ation Joint Guard. After battery command, he served as an Instructor at the School of Artil-lery in Puckapunyal, Australia. Upon his return, Colonel Hamilton served in the 2nd of the Army’s two Stryker brigades while at Fort Lewis before becoming the Mis-sion Commander, Defense Threat Reduction Agency, Detachment-San Francisco from 2004 to 2006. He then departed for Korea where he commanded a Field Artillery Paladin battalion in the Army’s 2nd Infantry Division before de-ploying to Iraq to serve as an Analyst and Deputy Director in the Multi-National Corps- Iraq Commander’s Initiatives Group at Camp Victory, Iraq from 2008 to 2009. After concluding his deployment in Iraq, Colonel Hamilton was the Chief of the Training and Evaluation Division for the Brigade Mod-ernization Command at Ft. Bliss, TX, before commanding the 212th Fires Brigade in the Army’s 1st Armored Division from August 2011 to July 2013. From July 1st, 2014 to April 29th, 2016 Colonel Hamilton served as the Chief of the Army House Liaison Division, fostering a stra-tegic partnership with both the 113th and 114th Congress and working tirelessly to navi-gate the complex issues the Army faced dur-ing the last two legislative cycles. With every deployment and every assign-ment, Colonel Hamilton brought unparalleled leadership and unquestioned commitment to the men and women serving beside him. While he never sought recognition, he has earned numerous military awards for his ac-complishments, including the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Hu-manitarian Service Medal, the NATO Medal, the Senior Parachutist Badge, the Ranger Tab, and British Jump Wings. In light of his achievements, the Army has assigned him to serve next as an Assistant Di-vision Commander in the historic 3rd Infantry Division at Fort Stewart, GA. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize Colonel David Hamilton’s successful and decorated career as he and his family proceed to their next chapter. We are a nation grateful for the military service of the men, women, and families who sacrifice in defense of our freedom. I wish Colonel Hamilton and his fam-ily the best. f 
CODY FLOORING AND TILE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Cody Flooring and Tile for receiving the Golden Rotary Eth-ics in Business Award. The Ethics in Business Award was estab-lished by the Golden Rotary to honor for profit and non-profit businesses. The recipients of this award must maintain integrity, conviction and possess high ethical standards, dem-onstrated by treatment of customers, employ-ees, community and the environment. Cody Flooring and Tile is a staple of the Golden community and has built its brand on a foundation of exceptional service and loyal relationships with customers. Steve Barrow founded the company out of his garage in Golden in 1996. While Steve is still president and the business remains based in Golden, the company has transformed, creating jobs, moving into a beautiful headquarters and ex-panding business to six states. This year, Cody Flooring and Tile celebrates 20 success-ful years of business, and I have no doubt they will find success in the next 20 years. To Steve and all the employees of Cody Flooring and Tile, congratulations on receiving the Golden Rotary Ethics in Business Award, and thank you for all you do for the Golden community. 
f 
COMMENDING DR. ANDREW W. GURMAN, FOR BEING ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Dr. Andrew W. Gurman on his inau-guration as President of the American Medical Association on June 14th, 2016. A native of New York, Dr. Gurman received his medical degree from the State University of New York Upstate Medical University, Syra-cuse, in 1980. He served his surgical intern-ship in Bronx, New York, completing and fol-lowing his passion for hand surgery at the Hospital for Joint Disease Orthopedic Institute in New York City. In addition to his career as an orthopedic hand surgeon in Altoona, Pennsylvania, Dr. Gurman has served as the speaker and vice speaker of the AMA House of Delegates for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.008 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE619 April 28, 2016 
eight years, a member of the Pennsylvania delegation for 20 years, a congressional con-tact for PAMED, and member on the American Society for Surgery of the Hand’s Council on Government Relations. Fortunately for our community, Dr. Gurman’s achievements are not limited to his medical involvement, as he has also served as a professional chair for the United Way campaign, and a member of the board of trustees of the Altoona Symphony Orchestra. It is with great pleasure that I highlight Dr. Gurman’s inauguration to the presidency of the American Medical Association and com-mend him for his capacity to serve the 9th Congressional District in so many ways. I have no doubt he will continue to make an im-pact on our community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Num-ber 171 on H.R. 4498, I am not recorded be-cause I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
HONORING MR. BOB EPLING 
HON. CARLOS CURBELO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Bob Epling as he retires from his post as Chairman and CEO of Com-munity Bank, a bank created with the inten-tions of being owned and operated by the community. Mr. Epling, who held his post since 1977, has always pushed the limits of what it means to be a business owner, and has used his means to serve the community. He has been acknowledged countless times for his service to the South Florida community, including his most recent recognition for excel-lence in community service by the Dade County Farm Bureau. Mr. Epling has always been firmly rooted in the South Florida community, evident through his role as President of the Florida Bankers Association and Orange Bowl Committee, as well as Chairman of the 1996 South Florida Olympic Soccer Organizing Committee. He also served as the Chairman of the Board of the International Hurricane Research Center for 20 years. In that role, Mr. Epling worked tirelessly to advance research for mitigating storm damage, which he witnessed firsthand when assisting with rebuilding efforts in Home-stead after Hurricane Andrew. It is an honor for me to recognize Mr. Bob Epling on the occasion of his retirement for all of his service to the community of South Flor-ida for more than three decades. FOOTHILLS ANIMAL SHELTER HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud the Foothills Animal Shelter for receiving the Golden Rotary Ethics in Business Award. The Ethics in Business Award was estab-lished by the Golden Rotary to honor for profit and non-profit businesses. The recipients of this award must maintain integrity, conviction and possess high ethical standards, dem-onstrated by treatment of customers, employ-ees, community and the environment. Since its creation in 1976, the Foothills Ani-mal Shelter (then known as the Jefferson Ani-mal Center) has dedicated itself to providing the best possible care for every animal that comes through its doors. The organization cares for more than 9,500 animals every year and never turns an orphaned animal away. With the completion of its 33,000 square foot facility in 2010, the organization significantly improved care by adding a new medical suite to offer more on-site, cost-effective care and increasing the number of spays and neuters. Congratulations to the Foothills Animal Shel-ter for receiving this well-deserved honor by the Golden Rotary, and thank you to all the employees for their continued commitment to our community and the animals they serve. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. MICHAEL S. WILSON, PRESIDENT, GD–OTS 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize a gentleman who has dedicated his life to serving our nation—a true American leader and hero who hails from the state of Florida, Mr. Michael S. Wilson. Mike is retiring from General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems (GD–OTS) after forty-seven years of service to our warfighters and the defense in-dustry. He currently serves as president of GD–OTS, a position he has held since 2001. Mike has distinguished himself throughout his career, most notably by developing and fielding over 15 programs to our armed forces. The latest example of Mike’s leadership is the fielding of the Ground Mobility Vehicle 1.1 pro-gram to the US Special Operations Command (USSOCOM). Mike led the highly successful merger of GD Armament and Technical Products (GDATP) and GD–OTS companies in 2013—resulting in present day GD–OTS. His efforts created sig-nificant synergy savings and efficiencies that directly benefitted GD–OTS customers and shareholders resulting in improved service to the customer. Under Mike’s astute and hands- on leadership, GD–OTS revenue rose over 500 percent since acquisition in 2001. Mike created a persistent priority and focuses on safety across GD–OTS and accumulated an unparalleled safety record by any industry standards. One of Mike’s proudest career achieve-ments can be framed by the performance of OTS during the urgent ramp-up required to meet surging demand of Operation Iraqi Free-dom/Operation Enduring Freedom (OIF/OEF). Virtually overnight, Mike oversaw the ramp-up of all GD–OTS production lines to provide am-munition when it was needed the most. During his career at GD, Mike led the effort to grow GD–OTS’ organic production capabili-ties. With deft precision and timing, Mike skill-fully invested in facility expansion and organic capabilities to achieve strategic vertical inte-gration. This resulted in a dramatic expansion of core competencies and several new pro-duction franchises for GD–OTS. Mr. Speaker, the Munitions Industrial Base, commercial industry, and each branch of our Armed Forces will miss Mike Wilson’s leader-ship. As a nation, let us recognize his intrepid service and dedication to the mission of sup-porting our warfighters. And I ask that this body join me in honoring and congratulating Mr. Mike S. Wilson on a most honorable, truly energetic, and innovative career. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ‘‘INVEST-ING IN AMERICA’S SMALL BUSI-NESSES ACT OF 2016’’ 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce the In-vesting in America’s Small Businesses Act of 2016. This important legislation allows Com-munity Development Financial Institutions, known as CDFIs, to extend affordable credit to more small businesses in underserved com-munities through microloans. These small loans, under $50,000, give businesses work-ing capital, help them invest in new equipment or supplies, and have no pre-payment pen-alties. I’m proud that the Investing in America’s Small Business Act has gained the endorse-ments of the CDFI Coalition and the National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions, the national voices for these commu-nity-based institutions. The bill provides grants for CDFIs to estab-lish loan-loss reserve funds for microloans, which will help CDFIs leverage private invest-ment to expand small business lending in un-derserved communities. Small businesses are critical engines of economic development and job creation. In underserved communities, however, small businesses with low-income and minority own-ers often have limited access to affordable credit they need to meet everyday demands or expand their operations. According to a study commissioned by the U.S. Small Business Ad-ministration in 2013, ‘‘the major constraint lim-iting the growth, expansion, and wealth cre-ation of small firms—especially women- and minority-owned businesses—is inadequate capital.’’ Community Development Financial Institu-tions serve exactly these communities—with great success and economic benefit. In fact, a 2014 report by the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia found that despite serving predominately low-income markets, CDFI banks and credit unions had virtually the same level of performance as mainstream fi-nancial institutions. Despite this demonstrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\E28AP6.REC E28AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE620 April 28, 2016 
success, CDFIs often lack the capital to meet the needs of many promising small busi-nesses. Recently, private sector financial institutions have stepped in to assist CDFIs in their mis-sion to provide affordable, responsible lending to underserved communities. This month, JP Morgan Chase announced a five-year, $125 million investment in CDFIs, building upon a pilot program which allowed 26 CDFIs to raise more than $226 million—seven times JPMorgan’s initial grant—and make $100 mil-lion in loans, finance the preservation and de-velopment of over 2,000 units of affordable housing, and lend to over 130 small busi-nesses. These efforts are commendable, but private sector investments are not enough to address the significant need for small business credit in underserved communities. Research shows that minority-owned businesses typically en-counter higher borrowing costs, receive small-er loans and see their loan applications re-jected more often. CDFIs are well-placed to provide access to affordable credit through microloans to struggling small businesses and entrepreneurs in underserved communities. Let’s give small businesses in underserved areas the tools they need to create jobs and develop their communities. I am pleased to in-troduce this bill, and urge my colleagues to join in support. 
f 
WILLIAM VOVAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud William Vovan for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. William Vovan is a 12th grader at Northglenn High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by William Vovan is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Wil-liam Vovan for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedica-tion and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, due to an elec-tronic mishap, I voted incorrectly on H.R. 4498, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups (HALOS). I had intended to vote yea on roll call vote 171 on passage of the HALOS Act. HONORING THE CITY OF LEX-INGTON ELECTRICAL DEPART-MENT FOR EARNING A RELI-ABLE PUBLIC POWER PROVIDER PLATINUM DESIGNATION FROM THE AMERICAN PUBLIC POWER ASSOCIATION HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of Lexington Electrical Depart-ment for earning a ‘‘Platinum’’ Reliable Public Power Provider (RP3) designation from the American Public Power Association (APPA). The ‘‘Platinum’’ RP3 designation establishes the Lexington Electrical Department, located in Lexington, North Carolina, as one of the most reliable and high-quality public power pro-viders in the nation. For the past seven years, the City of Lex-ington Electrical Department has been recog-nized by the APPA as an industry leader with a ‘‘Gold’’ level designation. However, with this ‘‘Platinum’’ designation, the Lexington Elec-trical Department joins an elite group of only 29 utility providers nationwide that have earned this impressive distinction. In order to be recognized as a ‘‘Platinum’’ provider, the provider must earn a score between 90 and 98 percent of the possible points across all scoring metrics used by the APPA. The City of Lexington accomplished this goal by excelling in the four RP3 disciplines established by the APPA: reliability, safety, workforce develop-ment, and system improvement. The Lexington Electrical Department has become a recognized leader not only in the state of North Carolina, but across the entire country. Their innovative workforce training programs should serve as an example of how to prepare employees to meet the ever-grow-ing demands of the 21st century. They have also demonstrated an unwavering commitment to providing high-quality services to the people of Lexington by engaging in public-service projects like the proactive tree trimming project, resulting in a significantly reduced number of power outages during this year’s winter storm season. The people of Lexington should be comforted to know their utility needs are being provided by one of the finest utility departments in the entire nation, and should be proud of the staff at the Lexington Elec-trical Department who worked so hard to earn this distinguished honor. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating the hardworking members of the City of Lexington Electrical Department for earning the American Public Power Associa-tion’s ‘‘Platinum’’ Reliable Public Power Pro-vider designation. 
f 
ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE CONGRESSIONAL HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVER-SITIES CAUCUS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of the one year anniversary of the Congressional Historically Black Colleges and Universities Caucus, es-tablished last April by Reps. ALMAADAMS (D– NC) and B
RADLEY BYRNE (R–AL). For over 170 years, our Historically Black Colleges and Universities have been at the forefront of preparing our nation’s youth for a bright path and successful future. HBCUs have profoundly changed the American eco-nomic and social climate. They have changed the face of this nation and have opened the door for generations of African-American stu-dents. There are over 300,000 diverse stu-dents across the United States attending HBCUs today. Those and the millions of HBCU alumni are a testament to the impor-tance of these institutions to America. In 2008, I co-founded and co-chaired the first bipartisan Congressional HBCU Caucus with Reps. J
AMES CLYBURN (D–SC) and J OHN D
UNCAN (R–TN). Expanding federal opportuni-ties for HBCUs and Predominantly Black Insti-tutions (PBIs), expanding dialogue in Con-gress, and upholding the traditions of these in-stitutions are shared goals of mine and of the members who currently lead the caucus. I am proud to represent Paul Quinn College, which has provided their students with the tools to be successful leaders for over 130 years. For much of their history, HBCUs opened the door to educational opportunities and ca-reer possibilities otherwise inaccessible to Afri-can-Americans. Over the past 50 years we have seen a modernization of that mission. Each year thousands of academically dis-advantaged students graduate high school be-hind many of their peers. Many of these col-lege-bound students graduated at the top of their class, yet did not have access to the rig-orous coursework that would prepare them for higher education. HBCUs offer the personalized attention and support to foster success in these students. They are paving the way for future scientists, engineers and doctors who may have other-wise been lost in the system. It is this chain of support that makes our nation’s HBCUs so invaluable to America and the thousands of students who meet their potential under their guidance. I am pleased that we are able to continue this dialogue in a meaningful way and I urge more members to join the Congressional HBCU Caucus. 
f 
TAYLOR NORMAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Taylor Nor-man for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Taylor Norman is a 12th grader at Thornton High and received this award because her de-termination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Taylor Nor-man is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.015 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE621 April 28, 2016 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Tay-lor Norman for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,218,673,186,359.42. We’ve added $8,591,796,137,446.34 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO REVEREND TONGBER S. VANG 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in tribute to Reverend Tongber S. Vang who passed away on February 21, 2016 at the age of 51. Tongber S. Vang was born in Sanau, Laos and was the eldest of 7 children. Tongber Vang immigrated to the United States at the age of 12, after living in refugee camps of Thailand with his family for a number of years. He lived first in Little Rock, Arkansas and eventually moved to Milwaukee and lived with his grandmother, Mao Xiong. He graduated from Milwaukee’s West Division High School and attended Milwaukee Area Technical Col-lege with the intention of following a career in dentistry. Tongber met Pa at Hmong New Year Cele-bration; he knew immediately she was the woman he would marry. He was touched by Pa’s Christian faith and she encouraged his growth with Christ that led him to the ministry. On July 4, 1986, Tongber and Pa were mar-ried, and immersed themselves in the ministry, teaching Sunday school for children at North-west Baptist Church. After Pa graduated from high school in 1988, they both attended and graduated from Hannibal-LaGrange College in Hannibal, Missouri. After graduation, Tongber and Pa moved to Louisville, KY where they both attended Southern Baptist Theological Seminary. They studied during the week but their weekends included a 6-hour commute to and from Lansing, MI to perform church out-reach to the Hmong community and coordi-nate a children’s Sunday school ministry. Pastor Tongber moved his family back to Milwaukee in 1997 and accepted a position working for AmeriCorps, Vista Program at the Milwaukee Public Schools. He engaged Hmong parents and students at both South Di-vision and Washington High Schools. In the fall of 1997, Pastor Tongber made the deci-sion to accept the offer to pastor his home church, the Hmong First Baptist Church. Pastor Tongber led his congregation with in-credible grace, love, and passion for the word of God. However, his deepest passion was caring and praying with and over members of the church. He led a successful capital cam-paign which resulted in the construction of the current church building. The church was his second family; he believed with true conviction that if families were okay, the church would be okay, as would the community and the world. Pastor Tongber devoted countless hours to support church ministries and ensuring goals were met. In 2010, he led a mission trip to Nan, Thailand. Pastor Tongber is survived by his beloved wife Pa, their three wonderful sons—Solomon, Josiah, and Joseph, a loving daughter-in- law—Joann, and a cheerful 13-month-old granddaughter Charity Siabzoo, and a yet-to- be-born granddaughter named Genessa Hnub Tshiab. While Pastor Tongber’s time on earth was short, guided fully by his faith in God, he served his family, church and his community selflessly. I was proud to call him a friend and was inspired by his good works. Mr. Speaker, this is why I rise to pay tribute to Tongber S. Vang, a true asset to the 4th Congressional District. f 
ORAN BAZEL JR. 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Oran Bazel Jr. for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Oran Bazel Jr. is a 12th grader at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Oran Bazel Jr. is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Oran Bazel Jr. for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF DR. RUTH ELLEN WASEM ON HER RETIREMENT FROM THE CON-GRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERV-ICE 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Ruth Ellen Wasem, a Specialist in Immigration Policy, will be retiring from the Congressional Research Service (CRS) at the end of this month. Dr. Wasem came to CRS in 1987 as an Analyst in Social Legislation, where she worked on teenage pregnancy, youth policy, homeless-ness, and immigration policy. She eventually moved full-time into immigration policy, where she became a recognized and leading expert in the field. Dr. Wasem is a graduate of the University of Michigan, where she received a Ph.D. and M.A. in History. She completed her undergraduate degree at Muskingum College in New Concord, Ohio where she graduated Magna Cum Laude. Dr. Wasem was raised in Cadiz, Ohio. Throughout her time at CRS, Dr. Wasem provided substantial legislative support to Members and Congressional staff who often turned to her for analysis, brainstorming, and consultation on various aspects of immigration and social welfare policy. Her work in these areas included assisting Congress with inter-pretations of current and proposed law, ex-plaining agency operations, analyzing data, developing and analyzing legislative options, and comparing legislative proposals at various stages of the process. Dr. Wasem’s work was used by Congress in hearings, legislative de-velopment, markups, and preconference nego-tiations. Dr. Wasem’s extensive knowledge in immi-gration policy and her keen ability to frame and analyze issues of paramount concern to Congress often made her a prominent point of contact for Congressional staff. Her encyclo-pedic knowledge of immigration law and policy was on display during the past decade when Congress attempted to pass comprehensive immigration reform legislation. Dr. Wasem pro-vided an innovative view of the major cat-egories of immigration issues and the key ele-ments involved in reforming the nation’s immi-gration system. Dr. Wasem wrote numerous analytic and concise reports for Congress—well over 300 during her tenure at CRS. Dr. Wasem also contributed to the House Ways and Means Committee’s Green Book. Her contribution to the Green Book consisted of high-level statis-tical analysis on nonimmigrant eligibility for public benefits. Dr. Wasem was routinely chosen to mod-erate the immigration panels of CRS’ biennial Legislative Issues and Procedures seminar for new Members in Williamsburg, Virginia. She also testified before Congressional committees numerous times throughout her tenure at CRS providing testimony on issues ranging from asylum to unauthorized migration to immigra-tion and social policy data. One of Dr. Wasem’s most important con-tributions to CRS’ work for Congress has been her leadership of the analysts, lawyers and in-formation professionals who support Congres-sional consideration of immigration-related pol-icy issues. As CRS’ Immigration Team Leader, Dr. Wasem has been a mentor to her team members, as well as to Congressional staff. She unfailingly displayed great generosity and selflessness in devoting her time and energy to the issues of the day. The Congressional Research Service has given Dr. Wasem a number of outstanding commendations and special achievement awards for legislative analysis in the areas of immigration policy, Haitian relief, health care reform, homeland security, temporary foreign workers, and welfare reform. Dr. Wasem recently spent a year as a Kluge Staff Fellow at the Library of Congress where 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28AP8.012 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE622 April 28, 2016 
she researched legislative efforts to end na-tional origins and race-based immigrant ad-missions to the United States, all of which cul-minated in the Immigration Act of 1965. During her time as a Kluge Fellow, Dr. Wasem was awarded the Abba P. Schwartz Research Fel-lowship, which is administered by the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, to further her re-search in this area. During her 29 years at CRS, and her 2 years of previous federal service, Dr. Wasem won the respect and admiration of her col-leagues. Her steadfast dedication to serve Congress and her commitment to the highest standards of analytic, unbiased and timely re-sponse to Congressional requests for informa-tion and analysis have made a positive and lasting contribution to the Congressional policy discourse. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. EARL ‘‘MARTY’’ MARTIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Dr. Earl ‘‘Marty’’ Martin, as he is inaugurated today April 28, 2016, as the 13th President of Iowa’s largest private university, Drake University in Des Moines. Dr. Martin began his presidency on July 1, 2015. A fourth-generation attorney, Dr. Martin served for eight years in the U.S. Air Force as a legal officer, honing his leadership and ana-lytic skills. Later, he joined the Texas Wes-leyan School of Law faculty as a visiting pro-fessor and eventually became Associate Dean of the institution. Most recently, Dr. Martin served as Executive Vice President of Gon-zaga University in Spokane, Washington. His leadership philosophy is well-docu-mented and so is his drive and focus to strengthen Drake University, its Drake neigh-borhood and emphasizing Drake University’s standing as one of the nation’s top 100 best values of private colleges. Dr. Martin stated his greatest challenge as the new President, ‘‘I am never going to be wise enough. Wisdom is that combination of knowing the facts are occurring and being able to assess the choices. I always want to get better.’’ Under his leadership, Drake Uni-versity is continuing to grow and flourish. Mr. Speaker, as a graduate and proud alumnus of Drake University, I am honored to represent Dr. Martin and Drake University in the United States Congress. I invite my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Dr. Martin on his inauguration and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
STAR ROSAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Star Rosas for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Star Rosas is a 12th grader at Westminster High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Star Rosas is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Star Rosas for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. f 
AMERICA’S HBCU S 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus to celebrate and recognize the importance of educational opportunities that HBCU institu-tions create for thousands of young men and women from all walks of life. As a member of the Bipartisan Congres-sional HBCU Caucus which promotes and pro-tects the interest of HBCUs by: creating a national dialogue, educating Members of Congress and their staffs about the issues impacting HBCUs, drafting meaningful bipartisan legislation to address the needs of HBCUs, and supporting students and graduates of HBCUs by increasing access and career op-portunities. As Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I am particularly concerned about the events of the last few weeks and months that high-light a national problem that involves the health and wellbeing of young African Amer-ican boys and young men. One important solution must be access to affordable quality education for every person in this nation. I am proud to count Texas Southern Univer-sity, as a constituent, a great HBCU—located in my home city of Houston. I routinely partner with Texas Southern Uni-versity to promote education opportunities and collaborate on community projects routinely. I led the initiative to get Financial Aid Relief for the students and campus of Texas South-ern University in the amount of $13 plus mil-lion dollars. I continue to keep the university community informed about major issues impacting citizens of the city of Houston, state of Texas. Issues like Health Care, Economic Develop-ment, Education, and Social Security are of great importance to TSU academic programs. I initiated the digitization projects for former U.S. Members of Congress Barbara Jordan and Mickey Leland who both have permanent archives at Texas Southern University. I helped establish the Barbara Jordan Me-dallion to be awarded each year at a cere-mony held at Texas Southern University to an individual who advocates for the community. I also assisted with the establishment of several scholarship Endowments at Texas Southern University. I created a partnership with Comcast at TSU’s School of Communication, which offers scholarships, internships and in-kind mar-keting. I established the Center for Transportation, Training and Research in TSU’s College of Science, Engineering, and Technology. On September 14, 1927, the Houston Public School Board agreed to fund the development of two junior colleges: one for whites and one for African-Americans. On September 14, 1927, the Houston Public School Board provided $2,800 in seed capital to form a Junior College for African American students. The initial enrollment for the first summer was 300 students. On June 1, 1951, the name of the school was changed from Texas State University for Negroes to Texas Southern University after students petitioned the state legislature to re-move the phrase ‘‘for Negroes.’’ When the university opened its doors in September 1947, it had 2,300 students, two schools, one division and one college—the Law School, the Pharmacy School, the Voca-tional Division, and the College of Arts and Sciences. In 1973, the 63rd Legislature designated Texas Southern University as a ‘‘special pur-pose’’ institution for urban programming, which added four more academic units: the College of Education, the School of Public Affairs, the School of Communications and the Weekend College. Today, Texas Southern University offers bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degree pro-grams in the following academic colleges and schools: the College of Liberal Arts and Behavioral Sciences; the College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences; the College of Science and Technology; the College of Education; the Barbara Jordan-Mickey Leland School of Public Affairs; the School of Communication; the Thurgood Marshall School of Law; the Jesse H. Jones School of Business; the Thomas Freeman Honors College; and the College of Continuing Education and the Graduate School. Currently, Texas Southern University is staffed by approximately 1,000 faculty mem-bers and support personnel. HBCU’s have come a long way to be where they are today. The most significant milestone for HBCU’s was the 1954 Supreme Court decision in Brown v. The Board of Education. Howard University School of Law graduates successfully argued against the constitu-tionality of ‘‘separate but equal,’’ opening the door for greater access to resources for insti-tutions dedicated to education was a critical step forward. However, it was not until the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, that the federal gov-ernment had the capacity and focus to enforce desegregation. Two years ago in our nation’s Capital— Washington DC—we celebrated the 50th Anni-versary of Rev. Martin Luther King’s ‘‘I have a Dream’’ speech given at the steps of the Lin-coln Memorial. In that speech Dr. King spoke of a world where race would mean much less than the content of a person’s character. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.021 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE623 April 28, 2016 
Martin Luther King said, ‘‘The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus char-acter—that is the goal of true education.’’ HBCUs do not just educate—they build character. The Bipartisan Congressional HBCU Cau-cus will create and explore legislation that will increase support for HBCUs, such as the Higher Education Act, America COMPETES, and Appropriations. The Bipartisan Congressional HBCU Cau-cus will also work to connect HBCUs to fund-ing opportunities that ensure schools have the resources needed to educate and prepare stu-dents for the global workforce. My focus is to support and continue my work with Texas Southern University and other HBCUs by: finding growth opportunities for HBCU stu-dents and graduates; working with private industry to connect stu-dents to jobs, internships, and scholarships; and opening up doors to HBCU students inter-ested in coming to Capitol Hill. Each Congressional Black Caucus member works to expose HBCU students to global ex-periences to learn about other cultures. My office worked to assist students in my district in going on a trip to China—for many it was their first travel outside of the state of Texas. That one experience transformed their lives—by expanding their horizon from being local to global. 
f 
JACOB FRESON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jacob Freson for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jacob Freson is a 12th grader at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jacob Freson is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jacob Freson for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. RECOGNIZING SOUTHWESTERN EN-ERGY UPON RECEIVING THE EM-PLOYERS EXCELLENCE AWARD FOR ENERGY EFFICIENCIES AND ENVIRONMENTAL IMPROVE-MENTS HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to help recognize Southwestern Energy (SWN) for receiving the Employers Excellence Award for Energy Efficiencies and Environ-mental Improvements from the Northeast Pennsylvania Manufacturers and Employers Association. This prestigious award is meant to honor businesses in northeastern Pennsyl-vania that have shown a commitment to pro-viding energy-efficient solutions and environ-mental conservation. By continuing to harness domestic energy sources in the most efficient manner possible, while also preserving the en-vironment for future generations to enjoy, SWN has provided my constituents with a su-perior quality of life that permeates all aspects of the community. With over 80 years of experience in identi-fying and extracting domestic natural gas sources, SWN has helped lead the effort to-ward energy independence. This leadership and success continues to be dependent upon the dedication to their employees and to the communities in which they operate. North-eastern Pennsylvania has benefited tremen-dously from Southwestern Energy’s commit-ment to environmentally conscious means of extracting our state’s natural resources. I had the opportunity to meet with community lead-ers at the Tunkhannock, PA facility to witness firsthand the regional investment and eco-nomic impact of Southwestern Energy’s projects in my district. Launching their Energy Conserving Water (ECH2O) program in 2012, SWN pledged that for each gallon of fresh water used in their op-erations, they would replenish or offset an equivalent amount through conservation and innovation. In 2015, Southwestern Energy made significant progress toward their goal of achieving water neutrality in Pennsylvania. With the completion of the Fall Brook Acid Mine Drainage Treatment and Restoration Project, SWN has improved the water quality in the Susquehanna River throughout my dis-trict. Mr. Speaker, Southwestern Energy’s con-tributions to energy security and natural re-source conservation in my district and state have been profound. Upon receiving the Em-ployers Excellence Award for Energy Effi-ciencies and Environmental Improvements from the Northeast Pennsylvania Manufactur-ers and Employers Association, Southwestern Energy has affirmed their place among lead-ers in our communities. I look forward to wit-nessing the continued involvement of SWN in my district and state, and am confident that their contributions to my constituents will have a lasting impact. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Num-ber 172 on S. 1890, I am not recorded be-cause I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
IN HONOR OF 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. ILLUMINATOR ARMENIAN APOSTOLIC CATHEDRAL 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of St. Illuminator Armenian Apos-tolic Cathedral located in the district I rep-resent in Manhattan, New York. It was the first Armenian church established in New York City. After fleeing to the United States in the late 19th and early 20th century following the Hamidian Massacres and Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire, the Armenians of New York City did not have their own church to worship in together. They held religious serv-ices in various churches, most of which were located in the neighborhood of the current ca-thedral. Purchasing a church was initially pro-posed in 1913. A successful fundraising effort allowed construction to begin for what was then known as the central cathedral of the Ar-menian Apostolic Church in 1915. The Cathe-dral officially opened its doors in 1916, but pa-rishioners celebrated the Cathedral’s centen-nial throughout 2015 at the same time as the centennial of the Armenian Genocide in Otto-man Turkey in 1915. For over a century, St. Illuminator’s Cathe-dral has played a significant role in advocating for Armenians in the U.S. and around the world. Many Genocide survivors found their refuge in the United States, entering the coun-try through Ellis Island. St. Illuminator came to serve as shelter to many of them once they arrived. Today, there remains a vibrant con-gregation, inspiring their community through faith and service. I extend my congratulations to the pastor, Rev. Fr. Mesrob Lakissian who has led the church for 10 years, the Board of Trustees, and all members and friends of St. Illuminator, and wish them many more years of success and service to the Armenian American com-munity. I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating the anniversary of St. Illuminator’s Ca-thedral and its contributions to the Armenian American residents of Manhattan, Queens and Brooklyn as well as the larger Armenian Amer-ican community in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.023 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE624 April 28, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE TRI-COUNTY REGIONAL PLANNING COMMIS-SION UPON THE OCCASION OF ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the Tri-County Regional Planning Commission (TCRPC) upon the occasion of its 50th Anniversary. By offering regional planning advice, technical consulting, and financial as-sistance, Tri-County Regional Planning Com-mission has worked to empower communities through long-term livability and vitality. TCRPC has exemplified an unwavering commitment to resolving regional issues facing my constitu-ents in 103 municipalities of Cumberland, Dauphin, and Perry counties. Founded in 1966 as a forum for information sharing, consensus building, and coordination among communities in central Pennsylvania, TCRPC has worked tirelessly to advance qual-ity of life issues across the region. They con-tinue to promote the area’s long-term sustain-ability through resource protection and the adaption of existing infrastructure to meet to-day’s most pressing economic and social issues. TCRPC’s Regional Growth Management Plan stimulates community development and revitalization by supporting programs that inte-grate transportation, land use, and economic development efforts as well as environmental practices that protect air, land, and water re-sources. The Regional Growth Management Plan has contributed to lower energy costs for individual households, increased energy effi-ciencies, fostered greater availability of trans-portation options, opened more parks and community spaces, improved individual health, and heightened access to local food supplies. Mr. Speaker, Tri-County Regional Planning Commission has remained committed to the vision that central Pennsylvania is stronger when we work together. After five decades of committed service, Pennsylvanians in my dis-trict and beyond owe a debt of gratitude for the selfless work provided by TCRPC. I wish to congratulate TCRPC on 50 years of mean-ingful community engagement, and look for-ward to witnessing firsthand the continued service provided by such a strategic and chari-table organization. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF SISTER DENISE A. ROCHE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career and legacy of service of Sis-ter Denise A. Roche, GNSH, Ph.D. upon the occasion of her retirement as President of D’Youville College. A Buffalo native, Sister Denise is a graduate of Holy Angels Academy and D’Youville Col-lege. She went on to earn a master’s degree in sociology from Boston University and a doc-torate at the University of Massachusetts. Prior to being named President of D’Youville in 1979, she served as an instructor, acting chair, teaching assistant, assistant professor and associate dean at the college. Sister Denise was named 14th President of D’Youville when she was just 36 years old, the youngest person ever to serve in that position. During her remarkable tenure lasting over 36 years, she has overseen 400 full-time employ-ees and managed a $50 million operating budget. Sister Denise led the college to triple its enrollment from 1153 in 1980 to more than 3100 in 2014, created major new academic of-ferings that attracted a significant number of new students, and achieved fiscal stability. Under her leadership, the college endow-ment grew from $1.2 million to $34 million. During her presidency $77 million was in-vested in the campus including a new library, three academic centers, gymnasium, apart-ment-style residence hall, athletic fields, and property and parking additions. These invest-ments have improved on-campus life and helped stabilize the dynamic and diverse neighborhood in Buffalo’s West Side sur-rounding the college. Her strong belief in helping and encouraging all students has seen a multitude of success stories as former students come back to thank her for her faith in them and motivating them to succeed. She has supported ‘‘City As School,’’ an alternative program for non-tradi-tional high school students at D’Youville for more than a decade, resulting in young people reaching higher academic achievements and leading more productive lives. To our community, Sister Denise is much more than president of the college. She is a consummate community leader whose advice and counsel is sought on a wide range of issues affecting the city of Buffalo. Her thoughtful and caring demeanor has endeared her to all whose lives she has touched. Sister Denise has received many awards and accolades for her work at D’Youville and throughout Western New York, including Cit-izen of the Year by The Buffalo News in 1994, the Chancellor Charles P. Norton Medal from the University at Buffalo, the Lifetime Achieve-ment Award from the WNY Hispanics and Friends Civic Association, and a Special Award presented to her by the National Con-ference of Christians and Jews. She is a member of the WNY Women’s Hall of Fame, and both Canisius College and Niagara Uni-versity have awarded her honorary degrees. While a very grateful community extends deep appreciation for Sister Denise’s extraor-dinary leadership at D’Youville College, her work is far from over as she was recently nominated by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo to serve as chair of the Niagara Fron-tier Transit Authority (NFTA). In this role, she will be responsible for the oversight of Erie and Niagara Counties’ public transportation system, including the bus and rail systems, the Buffalo-Niagara International Airport and the Niagara Falls International Airport. As Chairwoman, Sister Denise will bring her dec-ades of experience and expertise to the NFTA to continue serving the public. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to honor the life and distin-guished career of this outstanding educator, leader and devoted Sister of the Grey Nuns, Sister Denise A. Roche. I ask that my col-leagues join me in expressing our congratula-tions on an exemplary career and to commend her for her admirable work to enrich D’Youville College and the Western New York commu-nity and wish her all the best in her future en-deavors. f 
COMMENDING CAPTAIN WILLIAM KENNETH EARMAN ON HIS OUT-STANDING MILITARY SERVICE 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Captain William Kenneth Earman on his outstanding and exemplary military service. In 1942, Mr. Earman joined the Army Air Force Cadet Program in the immediate after-math of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Like many Americans of the Greatest Generation, Mr. Earman put his life on hold to defend our country against the evils that threatened our convictions, ideals, and existence. Upon graduating from bombardier school in Big Spring, Texas, as a Second Lieutenant, Mr. Earman was assigned to the Seventh Air Force, which introduced him to the Pacific Theatre. Mr. Earman flew over forty missions in the Central Pacific in a B–24 J bomber named ‘‘The Sunsetter.’’ He and his crew re-ceived numerous commendations and awards for their valor, including four Air Medals and two Distinguished Flying Crosses. After his time in combat had concluded, Mr. Earman was promoted to First Lieutenant and returned to Big Spring to instruct incoming Army Air Force cadets, a reflection of his ex-emplary performance and expertise as a bom-bardier and navigator. Shortly thereafter, Mr. Earman was promoted and served as Flight Commander of the Ready Reserve Airmen in Rockdale, Texas, where he would eventually be promoted to Captain. In June of 1961, Captain Earman received an Honorable Discharge from the United States Air Force after nearly twenty years of meritorious service. This would mark the end of Captain Earman’s long and distinguished military career. On May 6th and 7th, Captain Earman will be participating with other World War II vet-erans in the twenty-ninth Dallas/Fort Worth Honor Flight to our nation’s capital, accom-panied by his son, William Kenneth Earman, Jr. Mr. Speaker, it is a great pleasure to recog-nize the service Captain Earman has given to this nation. I ask all of my distinguished col-leagues to rise with me today in appreciation of Captain Earman’s remarkable service and sacrifice. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MI WINDOWS AND DOORS, LLC UPON RECEIVING THE MANUFACTURERS EXCEL-LENCE AWARD FOR COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to help recognize MI Windows and Doors, LLC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28AP8.017 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE625 April 28, 2016 
(MIWD) upon receiving the Manufacturers Ex-cellence Award for Community Involvement from the Northeast Pennsylvania Manufactur-ers and Employers Association. This pres-tigious award is intended to highlight the chari-table commitment of companies in north-eastern Pennsylvania that exemplify the bal-ance between private enterprise and public engagement. Backed by exemplary customer service and product quality, MI Windows and Doors is one of the nation’s largest suppliers of vinyl and aluminum windows and doors. MIWD should be proud of their outreach efforts, and by tak-ing personal responsibility in the communities where they manufacture, it’s only natural that such success would follow. Through their company-connected non-profit, The MIWD Charitable Foundation, MIWD has been com-mitted to donating both time and funding to numerous local organizations, emergency re-sponse teams, and families in need. Building personal connections with members of the community has consistently been a hall-mark of MIWD’s outreach efforts. This past fall, MIWD hosted a Friends and Family Day at their Gratz, PA facility in which members of the community were able to spend time within the facility to gain a better understanding of the daily operations and company as a whole. Their support for our nation’s veterans has been unwavering as well. By providing in-kind donations of windows for the mortgage-free homes built by Homes for our Troops, MIWD has helped provide severely-wounded, post 9/ 11 veterans and their families with safe and reliable shelter. Mr. Speaker, it is truly an honor to recog-nize MI Windows and Doors, LLC as the re-cipient of the Manufacturers Excellence Award for Community Involvement from the Northeast Pennsylvania Manufacturers and Employers Association. With such pronounced principles and a dedication to community development that permeates all aspects of life in north-eastern Pennsylvania, MIWD has come to em-body the rewards that come from compas-sionate investments. I wish MI Windows and Doors, LLC all the best in their future endeav-ors, and am confident that they will continue to exemplify the positive relationship between a business and its community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT OF JOHN FOX SULLIVAN 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Fox Sullivan, who is retiring after four decades as the publisher of the National Journal. Most in this chamber knows John as the powerful media executive who transformed the National Journal into one of Washington’s most respected periodicals. I’ve had the pleas-ure of knowing John as my childhood friend from Carmel, California. The Sullivan family moved next door to my family in Carmel during the 1950s. Thanks to our mothers’ shared interest in politics, our two families quickly became friends. Johnny, as we called him back then, and I attended school together—from Carmel Sunset School to Carmel High School. After graduating, he left to attend Yale University and Columbia Business School. Following a five-year career at Newsweek, John joined the still relatively young National Journal in 1975, where he would go on to serve as Publisher, President and CEO. Under his leadership, the National Journal would change the face of Washington journalism. Shortly after John joined the National Jour-nal, I reconnected with him at the Democratic National Convention in New York City in 1976. I was attending as a delegate and John no-ticed my name on the press roster. When my old high school friend found me in the Madi-son Square Garden crowd, I just happened to be sitting next to Jane Fonda. We shared a good laugh when he thought Jane and I were there together. After reconnecting at the convention, John and I managed to stay in touch. He and his wife, Beverly, would come and visit in Carmel. It was a joy to catch up on family news and to discuss politics. My father often joined those discussions and I believe he became the first subscriber of the National Journal on the West Coast. When I first came to Washington, the Sulli-vans returned that hospitality. Anyone who has ever had the fortune of dining with John and Beverly walked away with fond memories. Dinner parties in their beautiful home are known to be filled with charming people en-gaged in the most interesting conversations. History will remember the role their George-town rowhouse played in the leadership bid of the first woman to become Speaker of the House. John and Beverly always made their home available to anyone to discuss politics. One evening, I brought Representatives George Miller and NANCY PELOSI and a few members of Congress who had not yet agreed to support her leadership campaign. Thanks to that dinner, commitments were made that so-lidified her leadership bid that eventually led to her Speakership. Being a respected leader in one Washington wasn’t enough for John. After moving to ‘‘Lit-tle’’ Washington, John was elected mayor of the historic Virginia town in 2010. He easily won reelection in 2014 with 28 of the 29 votes cast. Who in this chamber can boast about re-ceiving 97 percent of the votes cast? That’s how much people like and respect John. From our youth spent in Carmel to our friendship here in Washington, I have always admired the way John and Beverly celebrated the lives of others. Mr. Speaker, it is only fitting on the day of John Fox Sullivan’s much deserved retirement that we get to celebrate his life and all the good that has come from his service. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF JOAN EASTLUND 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joan Eastlund on her retirement from Black Hawk College in Moline, Illinois. For 37 years, Joan has demonstrated a strong commitment to education and activism, influ-encing the lives of thousands of students throughout her career. In fact, Joan has served as a mentor and inspiration to several staff members in my office. Joan began her distinguished career at Black Hawk College in 1979, where she helped former manufacturing workers train for new careers. As a professor of Political Science, Joan introduced thousands of stu-dents to politics, inspiring many to pursue ca-reers in the field themselves. To many stu-dents, Joan has been far more than just an educator, but also an incredible mentor and role model. She has shown her students the importance of fulfilling their civic duties, serv-ing their communities, and working to advance causes that truly better our country. In addition to her work as a professor, Joan has been an active figure in the fight for wom-en’s equality. She is a founding member of the Quad-Cities chapter of the National Organiza-tion for Women, a group dedicated to sup-porting women’s rights all across the United States. During the 1970s and 1980s, Joan joined thousands of other activists as they marched to support landmark legislation to ad-vance women’s rights and equality. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize Joan Eastlund for her commitment to inspiring the next generation of students and women in our region. Joan has undoubtedly made a dif-ference in the lives of her students, and her retirement will be a significant loss to Black Hawk College. I congratulate her on a well-earned retire-ment and wish her the very best in her future endeavors. f 
COMMENDING JOSEPH SCIACCA 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Staten Island resident Joseph Sciacca for his positive contributions to our community. Joseph was born in the Little Italy neighbor-hood and moved to Staten Island at the age of four. He grew up in Grant City and grad-uated from Tottenville High School in 1937. Joseph began a business career in his early adult years, but had to put this on hold when he was drafted into the military in 1941, serv-ing until 1946. Joseph has been an out-standing model of success and humility in our community. In the private sector, Joseph had a long ca-reer as a sales executive, but has remained involved with other causes throughout his life. In the mid-1960s, then-Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller named him a deputy commis-sioner of the State Athletic Commission, which issued regulations on boxing matches in New York. Later on, Joseph was named as a re-search assistant to the Speaker of the New York State Assembly. Joseph has shown support for health care throughout his life. He is a former trustee of and currently on the advisory board for Bayley Seton Hospital. Additionally, Joseph has been co-chairperson of the Seton Society, the hos-pital’s fund-raising arm. Joseph is also a trust-ee of St. Elizabeth Ann’s Hospital Care and Rehabilitation Center and is an honorary member of the American Cancer Society’s Staten Island Chapter, as well as the Staten Island Chapter of the American Red Cross. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28AP8.018 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE626 April 28, 2016 
The organization that has remained closest with him throughout the years is the Staten Is-land Council of the Boy Scouts of America, of which he is the former president and currently a member of its executive committee. His af-filiation with the Boy Scouts dates back to his son’s youth. His unrelenting passion for help-ing children on Staten Island has been inspir-ing, as Joseph is a man who stresses the greater good over the individual. Mr. Speaker, Joseph Sciacca’s dedication to selflessly helping others has been remarkable. I thank him for all of his hard work and I am proud to honor this great man who has been such a strong influence on the residents of Staten Island. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28AP8.021 E28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D445 Thursday, April 28, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2503–S2600 Measures Introduced: Thirty-one bills and nine resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2869–2899, and S. Res. 447–455.
           Pages S2556–57 
Measures Reported: S. 434, to strengthen the accountability of indi-viduals involved in misconduct affecting the integ-rity of background investigations, to update guide-lines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors providing background investigation fieldwork services and investigative support services. (S. Rept. No. 114–246) S. 1620, to reduce duplication of information technology at the Department of Homeland Security. (S. Rept. No. 114–247) S. Res. 340, expressing the sense of Congress that the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is committing genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, and calling upon the President to work with foreign governments and the United Nations to provide physical protection for ISIS’ targets, to support the creation of an inter-national criminal tribunal with jurisdiction to pun-ish these crimes, and to use every reasonable means, including sanctions, to destroy ISIS and disrupt its support networks, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 381, honoring the memory and legacy of Michael James Riddering and condemning the ter-rorist attacks in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso on Jan-uary 15, 2016. S. Res. 394, recognizing the 195th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democ-racy in Greece and the United States. S. Res. 418, recognizing Hafsat Abiola, Khanim Latif, Yoani Sanchez, and Akanksha Hazari for their selflessness and dedication to their respective causes. S. Res. 436, supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day, and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 442, condemning the terrorist attacks in Brussels and honoring the memory of the United States citizens murdered in those attacks, and offer-ing thoughts and prayers for all the victims, condo-lences to their families, resolve to support the Bel-gian people, and the pledge to defend democracy and stand in solidarity with the country of Belgium and all our allies in the face of continuing terrorist at-tacks on freedom and liberty. S. 2555, to provide opportunities for broadband investment, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2824, to designate the Federal building hous-ing the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Headquarters located at 99 New York Avenue N.E., Washington, D.C., as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’. S. 2845, to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela De-fense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, with an amendment.
                          Pages S2554–55 
Measures Passed: Afghanistan Accountability Act: Senate passed S. 1875, to support enhanced accountability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, the committee amendment was withdrawn, and after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S2573–76 
McConnell (for Menendez) Amendment No. 3885, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S2576 
National Bison Legacy Act: Senate passed H.R. 2908, to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States.
                                                      Page S2576 
Kids to Parks Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 435, designating May 21, 2016, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S2576 
Recognizing the Contributions of U.S. Teachers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 448, recognizing the roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States in building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States. 
                                                                                    Pages S2576–77 
17th Annual National Charter Schools Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 449, congratulating the stu-dents, parents, teachers, and leaders of charter schools across the United States for making ongoing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP6.REC D28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD446 April 28, 2016 
contributions to education, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 17th annual National Charter Schools Week, to be held May 1 through May 7, 2016.
                                                                        Pages S2576–77 
National Small Business Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 450, honoring May 1 through May 7, 2016, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ and celebrating the contributions of small businesses and entre-preneurs in every community in the United States. 
                                                                                    Pages S2576–77 
National Travel and Tourism Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 451, supporting the goals and ideals of National Travel and Tourism Week and honoring the valuable contributions of travel and tourism to the United States.
                      Pages S2576–77 
National Sexual Assault Awareness and Preven-tion Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 452, recog-nizing and supporting the goals and ideals of Na-tional Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month.
                                                                    Pages S2576–77 
Dia de los Ninos: Celebrating Young Ameri-cans: Senate agreed to S. Res. 453, designating April 30, 2016, as ‘‘Dia de los Ninos: Celebrating Young Americans’’.
                                                          Pages S2576–77 
Transportation Community Awareness and Emergency Response Program 30th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 454, recognizing the Trans-portation Community Awareness and Emergency Re-sponse program on its 30th anniversary. 
                                                                                    Pages S2576–77 
Cinco de Mayo Holiday: Senate agreed to S. Res. 455, recognizing the cultural and historic signifi-cance of the Cinco de Mayo holiday.
       Pages S2576–77 
Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act: Senate passed S. 2845, to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment.
                                                   Page S2577 
Department of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016: Sen-ate passed S. 1635, to authorize the Department of State for fiscal year 2016, after agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
     Pages S2577–95 
McConnell (for Corker) Amendment No. 3886, to remove language relating to Iran hostages compensa-tion, to provide that the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom shall have primary responsibility for religious freedom training, and to make other technical amendments.
          Pages S2577–78 
Measures Considered: Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Sen-ate continued consideration of H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:                                 Pages S2514–29 
Pending: Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S2514 
Alexander Amendment No. 3804 (to Amendment No. 3801), to modify provisions relating to Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees.
                               Page S2514 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to proceed to the motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not in-voked on April 27, 2016, was agreed to.
     Page S2526 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on April 27, 2016, was agreed to.
                                                              Page S2526 
By 52 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 65), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration rejected the motion to close further debate on Alex-ander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801 (listed above). 
                                                                                    Pages S2526–27 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, April 28, 2016, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, May 9, 2016.
                                           Page S2527 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 4 p.m., on Monday, May 9, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the bill, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided between the two managers, or their designees; that notwith-standing the provisions of Rule XXII, the cloture vote with respect to Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, occur at 5:30 p.m.; and that for the pur-pose of Rule XXII, the filing deadline for all first- degree amendments to Alexander/Feinstein Amend-ment No. 3801, be at 3:30 p.m., and the second- degree filing deadline occur under Rule XXII. 
                                                                                            Page S2595 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that when Senate adjourns, it convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted on the fol-lowing dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, May 2, 2016, at 2 p.m.; Thursday, May 5, 2016, at 11:30 a.m.; and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP6.REC D28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D447 April 28, 2016 
when Senate adjourns on Thursday, May 5, 2016, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, May 9, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S2595 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambas-sador to the United Mexican States.
                Page S2577 
13 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 24 Army nominations in the rank of general. 14 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S2571–73 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Angela L. Kokosko Ripley, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers for a term of two years. Leslie Greene Bowman, of Virginia, to be a Mem-ber of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2022. George Sanchez, of California, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2022. Gail H. Marcus, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for a term expiring October 18, 2018. Kent Yoshiho Hirozawa, of New York, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring August 27, 2021. Patricia D. Barksdale, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Flor-ida. Todd E. Edelman, of the District of Columbia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. William F. Jung, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida. Philip R. Lammens, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida. Florence Y. Pan, of the District of Columbia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. Regina M. Rodriguez, of Colorado, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colorado. Patricia Ann Timmons-Goodson, of North Caro-lina, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern District of North Carolina. Anne Rachel Traum, of Nevada, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nevada. Kathleen Marie Marshall, of Nevada, to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commission for a term expiring December 12, 2019. 3 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.                                                                 Pages S2596–S2600 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S2553–54 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2554 
Executive Communications:                             Page S2554 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2555–56 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2557–60 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2560–67 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2551–53 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2567–71 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2571 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2571 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—65)
                                                                   Page S2526 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:42 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, May 2, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2595.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COUNTER-ISIL OPERATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine counter-ISIL (Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant) operations and Middle East strategy, after receiving testimony from Ash Carter, Secretary, and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. INVASIVE SPECIES Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded a hearing to examine the impacts of invasive species on the productivity, value, and man-agement of land and water resources, to conduct oversight on the National Invasive Species Council’s new framework for early detection and rapid re-sponse, and to examine improved cooperative tools for control and management, including S. 2240, to improve the control and management of invasive species that threaten and harm Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior, after receiving testi-mony from Glenn Casamassa, Associate Deputy Chief, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; Mike Pool, Acting Deputy Director for Operations, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP6.REC D28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD448 April 28, 2016 
Bureau of Land Management, Department of the In-terior; Doug Miyamoto, Wyoming Department of Agriculture, Cheyenne; George Beck, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, on behalf of the Healthy Habitats Coalition; and Faith T. Campbell, Center for Invasive Species Prevention, Springfield, Virginia. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related resources, to author-ize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, with an amendment; S. 2808, to amend the John F. Kennedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Ken-nedy Center for the Performing Arts; S. 2824, to designate the Federal building hous-ing the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Headquarters located at 99 New York Avenue N.E., Washington, D.C., as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’; Army Corps of Engineers Study Resolutions; and General Services Administration resolutions. MENTAL HEALTH IN AMERICA Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine mental health in America, after receiving testimony from Doug Thomas, Utah Department of Human Services Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health Director, Salt Lake City; Brandon Marshall, PROJECT 375, Chicago, Illinois; Maggie Bennington-Davis, Health Share of Oregon, Tualatin; and Linda Rosenberg, National Council for Behavioral Health, Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: An original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of State Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’; H.R. 2494, to support global anti-poaching ef-forts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; S. 2845, to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela De-fense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, with an amendment; S. Res. 442, condemning the terrorist attacks in Brussels and honoring the memory of the United States citizens murdered in those attacks, and offer-ing thoughts and prayers for all the victims, condo-lences to their families, resolve to support the Bel-gian people, and the pledge to defend democracy and stand in solidarity with the country of Belgium and all our allies in the face of continuing terrorist at-tacks on freedom and liberty; S. Res. 340, expressing the sense of Congress that the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is committing genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, and calling upon the President to work with foreign governments and the United Nations to provide physical protection for ISIS’ targets, to support the creation of an inter-national criminal tribunal with jurisdiction to pun-ish these crimes, and to use every reasonable means, including sanctions, to destroy ISIS and disrupt its support networks, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. Res. 418, recognizing Hafsat Abiola, Khanim Latif, Yoani Sanchez, and Akanksha Hazari for their selflessness and dedication to their respective causes; S. Res. 394, recognizing the 195th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democ-racy in Greece and the United States; S. Res. 436, supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; S. Res. 381, honoring the memory and legacy of Michael James Riddering and condemning the ter-rorist attacks in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso on Jan-uary 15, 2016; and The nominations of Swati A. Dandekar, of Iowa, to be United States Director of the Asian Develop-ment Bank, with the rank of Ambassador, R. David Harden, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Christine Ann Elder, of Ken-tucky, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Liberia, Kelly Keiderling-Franz, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, Elizabeth Holzhall Richard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Lebanese Republic, Stephen Michael Schwartz, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia, Adam H. Sterling, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Slovak Republic, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nomination of Patrick A. Burke, to be United States Marshal for the District of Colum-bia. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP6.REC D28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D449 April 28, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 34 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5088–5121; and 3 resolutions, and H. Res. 709–711 were introduced.
                 Pages H2107–09 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2110–11 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H2069 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:28 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H2072 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H2072, H2094 
Disapproving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’: The House passed H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fidu-ciary’’, by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 176.
                                          Pages H2081–93 
H. Res. 706, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4901) and the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 174, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 173.
                Pages H2076–81 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:51 p.m. and recon-vened at 3 p.m.
                                                          Page H2092 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures which were debated on Tuesday, April 26th: Directing the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion to provide a safe harbor related to certain in-vestment fund research reports: H.R. 5019, to di-rect the Securities and Exchange Commission to pro-vide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 411 yeas to 6 nays, Roll No. 175; and
                    Page H2081 
Flood Insurance Market Parity and Moderniza-tion Act: H.R. 2901, amended, to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that cer-tain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 419 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 177. 
                                                                                    Pages H2093–94 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H2075–76. Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2080, H2080–81, H2081, H2092–93, H2093–94. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 4:53 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
TO REVIEW THE IMPACT OF CAPITAL MARGIN REQUIREMENTS ON END-USERS Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Com-modity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘To Review the Impact of Capital Mar-gin Requirements on End-Users’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. FOCUS ON THE FARM ECONOMY: FOOD PRICES AND THE CONSUMER Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Nutrition held a hearing entitled ‘‘Focus on the Farm Econ-omy: Food Prices and the Consumer’’. Testimony was heard from Ephraim Leibtag, Assistant Adminis-trator, Economic Research Service, Department of Agriculture; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on H.R. 4909, the ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. H.R. 4909 was ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 4843, the ‘‘Improv-ing Safe Care for the Prevention of Infant Abuse and Neglect Act’’. H.R. 4843 was ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee concluded a markup on H.R. 4978, the ‘‘Nurturing and Supporting Healthy Babies Act’’; H.R. 4641, to provide for the establishment of an inter-agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes; H.R. 3680, the ‘‘Co-Pre-scribing to Reduce Overdoses Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3691, the ‘‘Improving Treatment for Pregnant and Postpartum Women Act’’; H.R. 1818, the ‘‘Veteran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP6.REC D28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD450 April 28, 2016 
Emergency Medical Technician Support Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4981, the ‘‘Opioid Use Disorder Treat-ment Expansion and Modernization Act’’; H.R. 3250, the ‘‘DXM Abuse Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4969, the ‘‘John Thomas Decker Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4586, the ‘‘Lali’s Law’’; H.R. 4599, the ‘‘Re-ducing Unused Medications Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4976, the ‘‘Opioid Review Modernization Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4982, the ‘‘Examining Opioid Treat-ment Infrastructure Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4889, the ‘‘Kelsey Smith Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4167, the ‘‘Kari’s Law Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4111, the ‘‘Rural Health Care Connectivity Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4190, the ‘‘Spectrum Challenge Prize Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3998, the ‘‘Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act’’; H.R. 2031, the ‘‘Anti-Swatting Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2589, to amend the Communications Act of 1943 to require the Federal Communications Com-mission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; H.R. 2592, to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; H.R. 2593, to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require identification and de-scription on the website of the Federal Communica-tions Commission of items to be decided on author-ity delegated by the Commission; and H.R. 5050, the ‘‘Pipeline Safety Act of 2016’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 4889, H.R. 4167, H.R. 4111, H.R. 3998, H.R. 2031, H.R. 2589, H.R. 4586, H.R. 3680, and H.R. 3691. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 4190, H.R. 2592, and H.R. 2593. AMERICA AS A PACIFIC POWER: CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES IN ASIA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘America as a Pacific Power: Chal-lenges and Opportunities in Asia’’. Testimony was heard from Antony J. Blinken, Deputy Secretary of State, Department of State. U.S. POLICY TOWARD LEBANON Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Lebanon’’. Testimony was heard from Gerald M. Feierstein, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State; and Andrew Exum, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Middle East Pol-icy, Department of Defense. TRANSFERRING GUANTANAMO BAY DETAINEES TO THE HOMELAND: IMPLICATIONS FOR STATES AND LOCAL COMMUNITIES Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Transferring Guantanamo Bay Detainees to the Homeland: Implications for States and Local Communities’’. Testimony was heard from Nikki R. Haley, Governor, State of South Carolina; Todd Thompson, County Attorney, Attorney’s Office, Leavenworth County, Kansas; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 1887, to amend certain appro-priation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Is-land, New York, and for other purposes; H.R. 4743, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consor-tium Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5056, the ‘‘Airport Perimeter and Access Control Security Act of 2016’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amend-ed: H.R. 1887 and H.R. 4743. H.R. 5056 was or-dered reported, without amendment. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 5063, the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FALSE CLAIMS ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the False Claims Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on a discussion draft of the ‘‘Locally-elected Officials Cooperating with Agencies in Land Management Act’’. Testimony was heard from Leslie Weldon, Deputy Chief, National Forest System, U.S. Forest Service; Karen Mouritsen, Dep-uty Assistant Director, Energy, Minerals and Realty Management, Bureau of Land Management; Jerrie Tipton, Commission Chair, Mineral County, Nevada; Sherri Brennan, Supervisor, District 1, Tuolumne County, California; and Hans Dunshee, Councilmember, Snohomish County Council District 5, Washington. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP6.REC D28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D451 April 28, 2016 
THE CONSEQUENCES OF FEDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT ALONG THE U.S. BORDER TO RURAL COMMUNITIES AND NATIONAL SECURITY Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Consequences of Federal Land Management along the U.S. Border to Rural Communities and National Security’’. Testimony was heard from Jon Andrew, Interagency Borderland Coordinator, De-partment of the Interior; LeAlan Pinkerton, Com-missioner, Boundary County, Idaho; and public wit-nesses. CRIMINAL ALIENS RELEASED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Criminal Aliens Released by the Department of Homeland Security’’. Testimony was heard from Sarah R. Saldan˜a, Direc-tor, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Depart-ment of Homeland Security; Ralph Martin, Chief of Police, Santa Maria Police Department, Santa Maria, California; and public witnesses. EXAMINING EPA’S PREDETERMINED EFFORTS TO BLOCK THE PEBBLE MINE, PART II Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining EPA’s Predetermined Efforts to Block the Pebble Mine, Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Dennis McLerran, Administrator, Region 10, Environmental Protection Agency. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3209, the ‘‘Recovering Missing Children Act’’; H.R. 5053, the ‘‘Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act’’; and H.R. 3832, the ‘‘Stolen Identify Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered re-ported, as amended: H.R. 3209, H.R. 5053, and H.R. 3832. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy and Power, hearing on H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016’’ and the ‘‘Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Policies Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Pet Medication Industry: Issues and Perspectives’’, 9:45 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 353, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Hearing Health Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3471, the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3974, the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3989, the ‘‘Support Our Military Caregivers Act’’; H.R. 4977, the ‘‘VA Scheduling Ac-countability Act’’; H.R. 2460, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; and H.R. 3956, the ‘‘VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act’’, 8:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5077, the ‘‘Intelligence Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This markup will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP6.REC D28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD452 April 28, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, May 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, April 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 4901—The Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E623, E624, E624 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E625 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E615 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E616 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E620 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E617, E621 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E616 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E619 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E625 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E617 Farr, Sam, Calif., E625 Garamendi, John, Calif., E615 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E616 Hanna, Richard L., N.Y., E619, E623 Heck, Joseph J., Nev., E617 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E624 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E620 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E622 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E620 Jolly, David W., Fla., E619 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E618 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E621 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E619, E623 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E624 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E615, E621 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E615 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E616, E617, E617, E618, E619, E620, E620, E621, E622, E623 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E616 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E618 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E618 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E616 Young, David, Iowa, E618, E622 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Apr 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28AP6.REC D28APPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST