Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H953 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2016 No. 31 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, February 29, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , FEBRUARY 26, 2016 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, through whom we see what we can become, thank you for giving us another day. We thank You that so many Ameri-cans have been challenged and have risen to the exercise of their respon-sibilities as citizens to participate in the great debates of these days. Grant wisdom, knowledge, and under-standing to us all, as well as an extra measure of charity. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House who walk through this valley under public scru-tiny. Give them peace and Solomonic prudence in their deliberations. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. PETERS led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VILLAGE OF PINECREST ON ITS 20TH ANNI-VERSARY (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 20th anni-versary of one of South Florida’s grooviest communities, my hometown of the village of Pinecrest. Since its incorporation in 1996, the village of Pinecrest has been known as a family-friendly community with many parks and recreational areas and neighborhood activities that are open to all South Floridians. The village is committed to sustain-able stewardship and environmental sensitivity, keeping it one of the most beautiful places in which to live and work. In celebration of its founding, the residents, schools, public officials, and businesses will join together on Satur-day, March 12, for a parade starting at Palmetto Elementary School and end-ing with a community picnic at Evelyn Greer Park. I encourage my Congressional col-leagues to join me in congratulating the village of Pinecrest and to join our community in celebration of this mag-nificent milestone. I am honored to represent the fami-lies in the village, and Dexter and I have been proud to call this wonderful community our home for almost 30 years. f 
CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Black History Month and the countless contributions of African Americans as well as recog-nizing a man who embodies the best of this celebration. Michael Maroney is president of the Omaha Economic Development Cor-poration. Our North Omaha commu-nity is a vibrant neighborhood, but one still facing economic challenges. Michael finds and furthers projects that result in more jobs, business own-ership, diverse housing options, and training opportunities. Through Mi-chael’s leadership, the city of Omaha is making significant strides to lessen the stress and strain of poverty. Every American, no matter the color of their skin, should be able to achieve their full potential. One roadblock to this goal is the Supreme Court’s flawed opinion in the Shelby v. Holder case, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.000 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH954 February 26, 2016 
which significantly weakens the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Until Congress passes bipartisan legislation to right this wrong, every American’s sacred franchise, the right to vote, is under attack. So this Black History Month, let us make time to recommit to working to-gether to ensure a better, brighter, and more equitable future for all Ameri-cans. 
f 
ERIC WILLIAMS CORRECTIONAL OFFICERS PROTECTION ACT (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, our Na-tion’s correctional officers risk their safety every day in order to keep pris-oners, visitors, and other officers safe. In most Federal prisons, there are only one or two officers on duty in a cell block, meaning officers are guard-ing nearly 130 prisoners with virtually nothing to protect themselves. We have seen the reality of this situ-ation with the death of Correctional Officer Eric Williams, who was mur-dered by an inmate at a Pennsylvania prison. In addition, last year more than 2,500 weapons were confiscated from in-mates in Federal prisons. The Bureau of Prisons is currently operating a 1-year pilot program that allows correctional officers in some Federal prisons to carry pepper spray for protection. Mr. Speaker, this week the House passed the Eric Williams Correctional Officers Protection Act, legislation that I have supported, to expand this pilot program to medium-security pris-ons and require a training course be-fore they can use this pepper spray. We need to provide our correctional officers the tools they need to protect themselves and others. 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, San Car-los Park, Florida, June 8, 2014: Maria Navas, 29 years old; Allison Navas-San-chez, 10; Sophia Medina-Navas, 5; Mia Medina-Navas, 2. Chicago, Illinois, September 29, 2015: Charles Lewis, 28 years old; Tyrone Spikes, 28; Antian Hardmon, 25; Ayanna Northern, 22. Houston, Texas, November 20, 2013: Yosselyn Alfaro, 21 years old; Veronica Hernandez, 17; Daniel Munoz, 17. Long Branch, New Jersey, September 1, 2015: Amanda Morris, 29 years old; Brandon Beharry, 7; Brian Beharry, 4. Baker, Louisiana, December 11, 2015: Perry Allen, 55 years old; Joseph Allen, 57; Mark Allen, 51. Ottawa, Kansas, April 28, 2013: Steven White, 31 years old; Andrew Stout, 30; Kaylie Bailey, 21; Lana Bailey, 1. RECOGNIZING THE STAR FOUNDATION (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the 20th anniversary of the Southern Tech-nology Advocacy Resources Founda-tion, the STAR Foundation, and its un-believable capability to transform lives in coastal Georgia. Wally and Katie Orrel and Ellen Mur-phy founded the STAR Foundation in 1997 with the goal of providing com-puter training to residents of public housing in Brunswick, Georgia. Over its 20 years, the STAR Founda-tion has expanded to teaching life, fi-nancial, and work-readiness skills that lead their students to be successful members of their community and the workforce. The STAR Foundation’s 8-week course is open to students outside of public housing as well as residents of McIntosh and Camden Counties. The impact of this foundation is in-credible. Over 1,000 students have grad-uated from the STAR Foundation, and 70 percent of their graduates improve their employment status within 15 months of graduation. Some out-standing students can even receive a personal computer for their home. I am grateful for the work that the STAR Foundation is doing in the First Congressional District of Georgia, and I wish the program and its graduates success for many years to come. f 
NATIONAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP WEEK (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, small- business owners make up over 90 per-cent of private sector employers in my home State of Hawaii, and they are the backbone of our economy both in Ha-waii and across the country. In our close-knit community built on generations of small-business owners willing to lend a hand to a neighbor in need, this is one of the things that makes our State so special and that helps to bring the aloha spirit alive both for visitors and kama‘aina alike. Last week I had the chance to spend some time planting kale and beets at the Palaka Moon Farm with Waimanalo small-business owners Malia Smith and Kevin Vaccarello. I then went and helped them open their Ai Love Nalo cafe, where they seek to improve the health and well- being of their community around them by feeding them delicious, locally grown food. It is the hard work of people like Malia and Kevin and the love that they put into their business and work that are at the heart of our economy in communities across the country and in Hawaii. As we recognize National Entrepre-neurship Week this week, I want to say thank you to all of our small-business owners and entrepreneurs for their dedication and for what they do to strengthen and serve our communities every single day. f 
THE PRESIDENT’S MISSING PLAN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when I was in law school, if a person did not turn in a term paper, they flunked. But the former constitutional law professor has missed a deadline required by law. Under the bipartisan 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, the Presi-dent is required to send Congress a real, comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS. He signed this law. The due date was February 15. The paper is overdue. Confronting terrorism and empha-sizing the safety and security of the United States is critical. Why hasn’t the President complied with the law he signed? Where is the plan? Where is the strategy? People are being killed by ISIS. The Director of the Defense Intel-ligence Agency, Lieutenant General Stewart, stated that ISIS ‘‘will prob-ably attempt to conduct additional at-tacks in Europe, and attempt to direct attacks on the U.S. homeland in 2016.’’ Mr. Speaker, this is not law school. This is the real world where terrorists kill the innocent. The President should spend more time developing a plan to defeat ISIS than planning to close the jailhouse for terrorists in Guantanamo Bay. I wonder what grade the President, the constitutional law professor, would give himself, the Commander in Chief, for ignoring this legal requirement to turn in his paper. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
SENATE SUPREME COURT CONFIRMATION (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the United States Sen-ate is failing to serve the American people. This week Senate Republicans an-nounced their plan to simply ignore President Obama’s nominee to the Su-preme Court with no hearings, no votes, no chance for the public to wit-ness an open and honest debate over the future of the Court. This is what the world’s greatest de-liberative body looks like under Repub-lican control. Refusing to fill the va-cancy until the next election dis-regards the will of the American people who elected President Obama twice, despite Republicans making it their primary mission to deny him a second term. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.002 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H955 February 26, 2016 
It also reflects a dramatic change of heart from Senator G
RASSLEY , who once said a nominee should be consid-ered, regardless of election politics. This is hypocrisy, plain and simple. I accept that Senate Republicans have the constitutional authority to reject the President’s nominee, but I do not accept their refusal to even con-sider that nominee. The American peo-ple shouldn’t accept it either. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE POTTER COUNTY EXTENSION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Penn State Potter County Cooperative Ex-tension, which connects those in the agriculture industry with the tools and the knowledge to build and grow their farms. This landmark anniversary will be celebrated at the Extension’s annual Black and White Gala this Saturday, February 27. Agriculture continues to be a major industry in Potter County and has also played a big role in the county’s herit-age, especially when it comes to pota-toes. Potter County is the home of Potato City, which was built in 1949 through the efforts of the Pennsylvania potato growers, packers, and related indus-tries. It was there that Dr. E.L. Nixon, uncle of President Richard Nixon, worked on the development of new types of potatoes for crossbreeding. To this day, the Potato City Country Inn is a tourist destination for people across the Commonwealth. Potatoes from Potter County also continue to be sold across the United States and in many foreign countries. I congratulate the Extension on 100 years of serving local farmers, and I wish them continued success in the fu-ture. 
f 
b0915 NATIONAL EATING DISORDERS AWARENESS WEEK (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of National Eating Disorders Awareness Week. Millions of Americans across the country are suffering from eating dis-orders. It affects their health, their happiness, and can take their lives. I understand what they are going through because I personally struggled with an eating disorder as a teenager and a young woman. I am speaking up today in the hopes of raising awareness and providing hope. I want other young men and women who are struggling as I did to know that they, too, can overcome this. I want to tell them that I know it is difficult, but don’t wait to seek out help. Mr. Speaker, by raising awareness, promoting treatment, and with early intervention, we can save lives. f 
SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 2406. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 619 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2406. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b0916 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportuni-ties for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, February 25, 2016, all time for general debate had expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, recommended by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2406 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sportsmen’s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SHARE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. Report on economic impact. TITLE I—HUNTING, FISHING AND REC-REATIONAL SHOOTING PROTECTION ACT Sec. 101. Short title. Sec. 102. Modification of definition. Sec. 103. Limitation on authority to regulate ammunition and fishing tackle. TITLE II—TARGET PRACTICE AND MARKSMANSHIP TRAINING SUPPORT ACT Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Findings; purpose. Sec. 203. Definition of public target range. Sec. 204. Amendments to Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act. Sec. 205. Limits on liability. Sec. 206. Sense of Congress regarding coopera-tion. TITLE III—POLAR BEAR CONSERVATION AND FAIRNESS ACT Sec. 301. Short title. Sec. 302. Permits for importation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada. TITLE IV—RECREATIONAL LANDS SELF- DEFENSE ACT Sec. 401. Short title. Sec. 402. Protecting Americans from violent crime. TITLE V—WILDLIFE AND HUNTING HERIT-AGE CONSERVATION COUNCIL ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE Sec. 501. Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Con-servation Council Advisory Com-mittee. TITLE VI—RECREATIONAL FISHING AND HUNTING HERITAGE OPPORTUNITIES ACT Sec. 601. Short title. Sec. 602. Findings. Sec. 603. Fishing, hunting, and recreational shooting. Sec. 604. Volunteer Hunters; Reports; Closures and Restrictions. TITLE VII—FARMER AND HUNTER PROTECTION ACT Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Baiting of migratory game birds. TITLE VIII—TRANSPORTING BOWS ACROSS NATIONAL PARK SERVICE LANDS Sec. 801. Short title. Sec. 802. Bowhunting opportunity and wildlife stewardship. TITLE IX—FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILITATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION (FLTFA) Sec. 901. Short title. Sec. 902. Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act. TITLE X—AFRICAN ELEPHANT CONSERVA-TION AND LEGAL IVORY POSSESSION ACT Sec. 1001. Short title. Sec. 1002. References. Sec. 1003. Limited exemption for certain African elephant ivory. Sec. 1004. Placement of United States Fish and Wildlife Service law enforcement officer in each African elephant range country. Sec. 1005. Certification for the purposes of the Fishermen’s Protective Act of 1967. Sec. 1006. Treatment of elephant ivory. Sec. 1007. Sport-hunted elephant trophies. Sec. 1008. African Elephant Conservation Act financial assistance priority and reauthorization. TITLE XI—RESPECT FOR TREATIES AND RIGHTS Sec. 1101. Respect for Treaties and Rights. TITLE XII—INTEREST ON OBLIGATIONS HELD IN THE WILDLIFE RESTORATION FUND Sec. 1201. Interest on obligations held in the wildlife restoration fund. TITLE XIII—PERMITS FOR FILM CREWS OF FIVE PEOPLE OR LESS Sec. 1301. Annual permit and fee for film crews of 5 persons or fewer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.003 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH956 February 26, 2016 
TITLE XIV—STATE APPROVAL OF FISHING RESTRICTION Sec. 1401. State or Territorial Approval of Re-striction of Recreational or Com-mercial Fishing Access to Certain State or Territorial Waters. TITLE XV—HUNTING AND RECREATIONAL FISHING WITHIN CERTAIN NATIONAL FORESTS Sec. 1501. Definitions. Sec. 1502. Hunting and recreational fishing within the national forest system. TITLE XVI—GRAND CANYON BISON MANAGEMENT ACT Sec. 1601. Short title. Sec. 1602. Definitions. Sec. 1603. Bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON ECONOMIC IMPACT. 
Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Interior shall submit a report to Congress that assesses expected economic impacts of the Act. Such re-port shall include— (1) a review of any expected increases in rec-reational hunting, fishing, shooting, and con-servation activities; (2) an estimate of any jobs created in each in-dustry expected to support such activities de-scribed in paragraph (1), including in the sup-ply, manufacturing, distribution, and retail sec-tors; (3) an estimate of wages related to jobs de-scribed in paragraph (2); and (4) an estimate of anticipated new local, State, and Federal revenue related to jobs described in paragraph (2). TITLE I—HUNTING, FISHING AND REC-REATIONAL SHOOTING PROTECTION ACT 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hunting, Fish-ing, and Recreational Shooting Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 102. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION. 
Section 3(2)(B) of the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act (15 U.S.C. 2602(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and in-serting ‘‘, or any component of any such article including, without limitation, shot, bullets and other projectiles, propellants, and primers,’’; (2) in clause (vi) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (3) by inserting after clause (vi) the following: ‘‘(vii) any sport fishing equipment (as such term is defined in subsection (a) of section 4162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) the sale of which is subject to the tax imposed by section 4161(a) of such Code (determined without regard to any exemptions from such tax as provided by section 4162 or 4221 or any other provision of such Code), and sport fishing equipment compo-nents.’’. 
SEC. 103. LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY TO REGU-LATE AMMUNITION AND FISHING TACKLE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sec-tion 20.21 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, or any substantially similar suc-cessor regulation thereto, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, and, ex-cept as provided by subsection (b), any bureau, service, or office of the Department of the Inte-rior or the Department of Agriculture, may not regulate the use of ammunition cartridges, am-munition components, or fishing tackle based on the lead content thereof if such use is in compli-ance with the law of the State in which the use occurs. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Park Service. TITLE II—TARGET PRACTICE AND MARKSMANSHIP TRAINING SUPPORT ACT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act’’. SEC. 202. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the use of firearms and archery equipment for target practice and marksmanship training activities on Federal land is allowed, except to the extent specific portions of that land have been closed to those activities; (2) in recent years preceding the date of en-actment of this Act, portions of Federal land have been closed to target practice and marks-manship training for many reasons; (3) the availability of public target ranges on non-Federal land has been declining for a vari-ety of reasons, including continued population growth and development near former ranges; (4) providing opportunities for target practice and marksmanship training at public target ranges on Federal and non-Federal land can help— (A) to promote enjoyment of shooting, rec-reational, and hunting activities; and (B) to ensure safe and convenient locations for those activities; (5) Federal law in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act, including the Pittman-Robert-son Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669 et seq.), provides Federal support for construction and expansion of public target ranges by mak-ing available to States amounts that may be used for construction, operation, and mainte-nance of public target ranges; and (6) it is in the public interest to provide in-creased Federal support to facilitate the con-struction or expansion of public target ranges. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this title is to facilitate the construction and expansion of public target ranges, including ranges on Fed-eral land managed by the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management. 
SEC. 203. DEFINITION OF PUBLIC TARGET RANGE. 
In this title, the term ‘‘public target range’’ means a specific location that— (1) is identified by a governmental agency for recreational shooting; (2) is open to the public; (3) may be supervised; and (4) may accommodate archery or rifle, pistol, or shotgun shooting. 
SEC. 204. AMENDMENTS TO PITTMAN-ROBERTSON WILDLIFE RESTORATION ACT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669a) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (8) as paragraphs (3) through (9), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) the term ‘public target range’ means a specific location that— ‘‘(A) is identified by a governmental agency for recreational shooting; ‘‘(B) is open to the public; ‘‘(C) may be supervised; and ‘‘(D) may accommodate archery or rifle, pis-tol, or shotgun shooting;’’. (b) E
XPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF WILD-
LIFEAREAS AND RESOURCES .—Section 8(b) of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669g(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(b) Each State’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
XPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF  W
ILDLIFE AREAS AND RESOURCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), each State’’; (2) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘construction, operation,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘operation’’; (3) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The non-Federal share’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share’’; (4) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as des-ignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the limita-tion described in paragraph (1), a State may pay up to 90 percent of the cost of acquiring land for, expanding, or constructing a public target range.’’. (c) F
IREARM AND BOWHUNTER EDUCATION  
AND SAFETY PROGRAM GRANTS .—Section 10 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669h–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS .— Of the amount apportioned to a State for any fiscal year under section 4(b), the State may elect to allocate not more than 10 percent, to be combined with the amount apportioned to the State under paragraph (1) for that fiscal year, for acquiring land for, expanding, or con-structing a public target range.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) C
OSTSHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out using a grant under this section shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the activity. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC TARGET RANGE CONSTRUCTION OR  
EXPANSION .—The Federal share of the cost of acquiring land for, expanding, or constructing a public target range in a State on Federal or non-Federal land pursuant to this section or section 8(b) shall not exceed 90 percent of the cost of the activity.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Amounts made’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), amounts made’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Amounts provided for ac-quiring land for, constructing, or expanding a public target range shall remain available for expenditure and obligation during the 5-fiscal- year period beginning on October 1 of the first fiscal year for which the amounts are made available.’’. 
SEC. 205. LIMITS ON LIABILITY. 
(a) D ISCRETIONARY FUNCTION .—For purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’), any action by an agent or em-ployee of the United States to manage or allow the use of Federal land for purposes of target practice or marksmanship training by a member of the public shall be considered to be the exer-cise or performance of a discretionary function. (b) C
IVILACTION OR CLAIMS .—Except to the extent provided in chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, the United States shall not be sub-ject to any civil action or claim for money dam-ages for any injury to or loss of property, per-sonal injury, or death caused by an activity oc-curring at a public target range that is— (1) funded in whole or in part by the Federal Government pursuant to the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669 et seq.); or (2) located on Federal land. 
SEC. 206. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING CO-OPERATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that, consistent with applicable laws and regulations, the Chief of the Forest Service and the Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management should cooperate with State and local authorities and other enti-ties to carry out waste removal and other activi-ties on any Federal land used as a public target range to encourage continued use of that land for target practice or marksmanship training. TITLE III—POLAR BEAR CONSERVATION AND FAIRNESS ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.001 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H957 February 26, 2016 
SEC. 302. PERMITS FOR IMPORTATION OF POLAR BEAR TROPHIES TAKEN IN SPORT HUNTS IN CANADA. 
Section 104(c)(5)(D) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1374(c)(5)(D)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D)(i) The Secretary of the Interior shall, ex-peditiously after the expiration of the applicable 30-day period under subsection (d)(2), issue a permit for the importation of any polar bear part (other than an internal organ) from a polar bear taken in a sport hunt in Canada to any person— ‘‘(I) who submits, with the permit application, proof that the polar bear was legally harvested by the person before February 18, 1997; or ‘‘(II) who has submitted, in support of a per-mit application submitted before May 15, 2008, proof that the polar bear was legally harvested by the person before May 15, 2008, from a polar bear population from which a sport-hunted tro-phy could be imported before that date in ac-cordance with section 18.30(i) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary shall issue permits under clause (i)(I) without regard to subparagraphs (A) and (C)(ii) of this paragraph, subsection (d)(3), and sections 101 and 102. Sections 101(a)(3)(B) and 102(b)(3) shall not apply to the importation of any polar bear part authorized by a permit issued under clause (i)(I). This clause shall not apply to polar bear parts that were imported before June 12, 1997. ‘‘(iii) The Secretary shall issue permits under clause (i)(II) without regard to subparagraph (C)(ii) of this paragraph or subsection (d)(3). Sections 101(a)(3)(B) and 102(b)(3) shall not apply to the importation of any polar bear part authorized by a permit issued under clause (i)(II). This clause shall not apply to polar bear parts that were imported before the date of en-actment of the Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act of 2015.’’. TITLE IV—RECREATIONAL LANDS SELF- DEFENSE ACT 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Recreational Lands Self-Defense Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 402. PROTECTING AMERICANS FROM VIO-LENT CRIME. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The Second Amendment to the Constitu-tion provides that ‘‘the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed’’. (2) Section 327.13 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, provides that, except in special cir-cumstances, ‘‘possession of loaded firearms, am-munition, loaded projectile firing devices, bows and arrows, crossbows, or other weapons is pro-hibited’’ at water resources development projects administered by the Secretary of the Army. (3) The regulations described in paragraph (2) prevent individuals complying with Federal and State laws from exercising the second amend-ment rights of the individuals while at such water resources development projects. (4) The Federal laws should make it clear that the second amendment rights of an individual at a water resources development project should not be infringed. (b) P
ROTECTING THE RIGHT OF INDIVIDUALS TO B
EAR ARMS AT WATER RESOURCES DEVELOP -
MENT PROJECTS .—The Secretary of the Army shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from possessing a firearm, including an assembled or functional firearm, at a water resources development project covered under section 327.0 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— (1) the individual is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing the firearm; and (2) the possession of the firearm is in compli-ance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. TITLE V—WILDLIFE AND HUNTING HERIT-AGE CONSERVATION COUNCIL ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE SEC. 501. WILDLIFE AND HUNTING HERITAGE CONSERVATION COUNCIL ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. WILDLIFE AND HUNTING HERITAGE CONSERVATION COUNCIL ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby estab-lished the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Con-servation Council Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Advisory Committee’) to advise the Secretaries of the Interior and Ag-riculture on wildlife and habitat conservation, hunting, and recreational shooting. ‘‘(b) C
ONTINUANCE AND ABOLISHMENT OF EX-
ISTING WILDLIFE AND HUNTING HERITAGE CON-
SERVATION COUNCIL .—The Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council established pur-suant to section 441 of the Revised Statutes (43 U.S.C. 1457), section 2 of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a), and other Acts ap-plicable to specific bureaus of the Department of the Interior— ‘‘(1) shall continue until the date of the first meeting of the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council established by the amend-ment made by subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) is hereby abolished effective on that date. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES OF THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— The Advisory Committee shall advise the Secre-taries with regard to— ‘‘(1) implementation of Executive Order No. 13443: Facilitation of Hunting Heritage and Wildlife Conservation, which directs Federal agencies ‘to facilitate the expansion and en-hancement of hunting opportunities and the management of game species and their habitat’; ‘‘(2) policies or programs to conserve and re-store wetlands, agricultural lands, grasslands, forest, and rangeland habitats; ‘‘(3) policies or programs to promote opportu-nities and access to hunting and shooting sports on Federal lands; ‘‘(4) policies or programs to recruit and retain new hunters and shooters; ‘‘(5) policies or programs that increase public awareness of the importance of wildlife con-servation and the social and economic benefits of recreational hunting and shooting; and ‘‘(6) policies or programs that encourage co-ordination among the public, the hunting and shooting sports community, wildlife conserva-tion groups, and States, tribes, and the Federal Government. ‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall consist of no more than 16 discretionary members and 7 ex officio members. ‘‘(B) E
X OFFICIO MEMBERS .—The ex officio members are— ‘‘(i) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service or a designated representative of the Director; ‘‘(ii) the Director of the Bureau of Land Man-agement or a designated representative of the Director; ‘‘(iii) the Director of the National Park Serv-ice or a designated representative of the Direc-tor; ‘‘(iv) the Chief of the Forest Service or a des-ignated representative of the Chief; ‘‘(v) the Chief of the Natural Resources Con-servation Service or a designated representative of the Chief; ‘‘(vi) the Administrator of the Farm Service Agency or a designated representative of the Administrator; and ‘‘(vii) the Executive Director of the Associa-tion of Fish and Wildlife Agencies. ‘‘(C) D
ISCRETIONARY MEMBERS .—The discre-tionary members shall be appointed jointly by the Secretaries from at least one of each of the following: ‘‘(i) State fish and wildlife agencies. ‘‘(ii) Game bird hunting organizations. ‘‘(iii) Wildlife conservation organizations. ‘‘(iv) Big game hunting organizations. ‘‘(v) Waterfowl hunting organizations. ‘‘(vi) The tourism, outfitter, or guiding indus-try. ‘‘(vii) The firearms or ammunition manufac-turing industry. ‘‘(viii) The hunting or shooting equipment re-tail industry. ‘‘(ix) Tribal resource management organiza-tions. ‘‘(x) The agriculture industry. ‘‘(xi) The ranching industry. ‘‘(xii) Women’s hunting and fishing advocacy, outreach, or education organization. ‘‘(xiii) Minority hunting and fishing advo-cacy, outreach, or education organization. ‘‘(xiv) Veterans service organization. ‘‘(D) ELIGIBILITY .—Prior to the appointment of the discretionary members, the Secretaries shall determine that all individuals nominated for appointment to the Advisory Committee, and the organization each individual represents, ac-tively support and promote sustainable-use hunting, wildlife conservation, and recreational shooting. ‘‘(2) T
ERMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), members of the Advisory Com-mittee shall be appointed for a term of 4 years. Members shall not be appointed for more than 3 consecutive or nonconsecutive terms. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS OF INITIAL APPOINTEES .—As des- ignated by the Secretary at the time of appoint-ment, of the members first appointed— ‘‘(i) 6 members shall be appointed for a term of 4 years; ‘‘(ii) 5 members shall be appointed for a term of 3 years; and ‘‘(iii) 5 members shall be appointed for a term of 2 years. ‘‘(3) P
RESERVATION OF PUBLIC ADVISORY STA -
TUS.—No individual may be appointed as a dis-cretionary member of the Advisory Committee while serving as an officer or employee of the Federal Government. ‘‘(4) V
ACANCY AND REMOVAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any vacancy on the Advi-sory Committee shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. ‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL .—Advisory Committee members shall serve at the discretion of the Secretaries and may be removed at any time for good cause. ‘‘(5) C
ONTINUATION OF SERVICE .—Each ap- pointed member may continue to serve after the expiration of the term of office to which such member was appointed until a successor has been appointed. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson of the Advisory Committee shall be appointed for a 3- year term by the Secretaries, jointly, from among the members of the Advisory Committee. An individual may not be appointed as Chair-person for more than 2 consecutive or non-consecutive terms. ‘‘(7) P
AY AND EXPENSES .—Members of the Ad-visory Committee shall serve without pay for such service, but each member of the Advisory Committee may be reimbursed for travel and lodging incurred through attending meetings of the Advisory Committee approved subgroup meetings in the same amounts and under the same conditions as Federal employees (in ac-cordance with section 5703 of title 5, United States Code). ‘‘(8) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall meet at the call of the Secretaries, the chairperson, or a majority of the members, but not less frequently than twice annually. ‘‘(B) O
PEN MEETINGS .—Each meeting of the Advisory Committee shall be open to the public. ‘‘(C) P
RIOR NOTICE OF MEETINGS .—Timely no-tice of each meeting of the Advisory Committee shall be published in the Federal Register and be submitted to trade publications and publica-tions of general circulation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.001 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH958 February 26, 2016 
‘‘(D) S UBGROUPS .—The Advisory Committee may establish such workgroups or subgroups as it deems necessary for the purpose of compiling information or conducting research. However, such workgroups may not conduct business without the direction of the Advisory Committee and must report in full to the Advisory Com-mittee. ‘‘(9) Q
UORUM .—Nine members of the Advisory Committee shall constitute a quorum. ‘‘(e) E
XPENSES .—The expenses of the Advisory Committee that the Secretaries determine to be reasonable and appropriate shall be paid by the Secretaries. ‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT , T ECHNICAL  S
ERVICES , AND ADVICE .—A designated Federal Officer shall be jointly appointed by the Secre-taries to provide to the Advisory Committee the administrative support, technical services, and advice that the Secretaries determine to be rea-sonable and appropriate. ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIRED .—Not later than September 30 of each year, the Advisory Committee shall sub-mit a report to the Secretaries, the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. If circumstances arise in which the Advisory Committee cannot meet the September 30 deadline in any year, the Secretaries shall advise the Chairpersons of each such Committee of the reasons for such delay and the date on which the submission of the report is anticipated. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall describe— ‘‘(A) the activities of the Advisory Committee during the preceding year; ‘‘(B) the reports and recommendations made by the Advisory Committee to the Secretaries during the preceding year; and ‘‘(C) an accounting of actions taken by the Secretaries as a result of the recommendations. ‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— The Advisory Committee shall be exempt from the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. TITLE VI—RECREATIONAL FISHING AND HUNTING HERITAGE OPPORTUNITIES ACT 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Recreational Fishing and Hunting Heritage and Opportuni-ties Act’’. 
SEC. 602. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) recreational fishing and hunting are im-portant and traditional activities in which mil-lions of Americans participate; (2) recreational anglers and hunters have been and continue to be among the foremost supporters of sound fish and wildlife manage-ment and conservation in the United States; (3) recreational fishing and hunting are envi-ronmentally acceptable and beneficial activities that occur and can be provided on Federal lands and waters without adverse effects on other uses or users; (4) recreational anglers, hunters, and sporting organizations provide direct assistance to fish and wildlife managers and enforcement officers of the Federal Government as well as State and local governments by investing volunteer time and effort to fish and wildlife conservation; (5) recreational anglers, hunters, and the as-sociated industries have generated billions of dollars of critical funding for fish and wildlife conservation, research, and management by pro-viding revenues from purchases of fishing and hunting licenses, permits, and stamps, as well as excise taxes on fishing, hunting, and rec-reational shooting equipment that have gen-erated billions of dollars of critical funding for fish and wildlife conservation, research, and management; (6) recreational shooting is also an important and traditional activity in which millions of Americans participate; (7) safe recreational shooting is a valid use of Federal lands, including the establishment of safe and convenient recreational shooting ranges on such lands, and participation in rec-reational shooting helps recruit and retain hunters and contributes to wildlife conserva-tion; (8) opportunities to recreationally fish, hunt, and shoot are declining, which depresses par-ticipation in these traditional activities, and de-pressed participation adversely impacts fish and wildlife conservation and funding for important conservation efforts; and (9) the public interest would be served, and our citizens’ fish and wildlife resources bene-fitted, by action to ensure that opportunities are facilitated to engage in fishing and hunting on Federal land as recognized by Executive Order No. 12962, relating to recreational fisheries, and Executive Order No. 13443, relating to facilita-tion of hunting heritage and wildlife conserva-tion. SEC. 603. FISHING, HUNTING, AND REC-REATIONAL SHOOTING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means any land or water that is owned by the United States and under the administrative ju-risdiction of the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service. (2) F
EDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT OFFICIALS .— The term ‘‘Federal land management officials’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior and Director of the Bureau of Land Management regarding Bureau of Land Management lands and inter-ests in lands under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Bureau of Land Management; and (B) the Secretary of Agriculture and Chief of the Forest Service regarding National Forest System lands. (3) H
UNTING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the term ‘‘hunting’’ means use of a firearm, bow, or other authorized means in the lawful— (i) pursuit, shooting, capture, collection, trap-ping, or killing of wildlife; (ii) attempt to pursue, shoot, capture, collect, trap, or kill wildlife; or (iii) the training of hunting dogs, including field trials. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘hunting’’ does not include the use of skilled volunteers to cull excess animals (as defined by other Federal law). (4) R
ECREATIONAL FISHING .—The term ‘‘rec-reational fishing’’ means the lawful— (A) pursuit, capture, collection, or killing of fish; or (B) attempt to capture, collect, or kill fish. (5) R
ECREATIONAL SHOOTING .—The term ‘‘rec-reational shooting’’ means any form of sport, training, competition, or pastime, whether for-mal or informal, that involves the discharge of a rifle, handgun, or shotgun, or the use of a bow and arrow. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and subsection (e), and cooperation with the respective State fish and wildlife agency, Federal land management officials shall exercise authority under existing law, including provi-sions regarding land use planning, to facilitate use of and access to Federal lands, including National Monuments, Wilderness Areas, Wilder-ness Study Areas, and lands administratively classified as wilderness eligible or suitable and primitive or semi-primitive areas, for fishing, hunting, and recreational shooting, except as limited by— (1) statutory authority that authorizes action or withholding action for reasons of national se-curity, public safety, or resource conservation; (2) any other Federal statute that specifically precludes fishing, hunting, or recreational shooting on specific Federal lands, waters, or units thereof; and (3) discretionary limitations on fishing, hunt-ing, and recreational shooting determined to be necessary and reasonable as supported by the best scientific evidence and advanced through a transparent public process. (c) MANAGEMENT .—Consistent with subsection (a), Federal land management officials shall ex-ercise their land management discretion— (1) in a manner that supports and facilitates fishing, hunting, and recreational shooting op-portunities; (2) to the extent authorized under applicable State law; and (3) in accordance with applicable Federal law. (d) P
LANNING .— (1) E
VALUATION OF EFFECTS ON OPPORTUNITIES  
TO ENGAGE IN FISHING , HUNTING , OR REC -
REATIONAL SHOOTING .—Planning documents that apply to Federal lands, including land re-sources management plans, resource manage-ment plans, travel management plans, and gen-eral management plans shall include a specific evaluation of the effects of such plans on oppor-tunities to engage in fishing, hunting, or rec-reational shooting. (2) S
TRATEGIC GROWTH POLICY FOR THE NA -
TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE SYSTEM .—Section 4(a)(3) of the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd(a)(3)) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(C) the Secretary shall integrate wildlife-de-pendent recreational uses in accordance with their status as priority general public uses into proposed or existing regulations, policies, cri-teria, plans, or other activities to alter or amend the manner in which individual refuges or the National Wildlife Refuge System (System) are managed, including, but not limited to, any ac-tivities which target or prioritize criteria for long and short term System acquisitions;’’. (3) N
O MAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .—No action taken under this title, or under section 4 of the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd), either individually or cumulatively with other actions involving Federal lands or lands managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, shall be consid-ered to be a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human environment, and no additional identification, analysis, or consideration of environmental effects, includ-ing cumulative effects, is necessary or required. (4) O
THER ACTIVITY NOT CONSIDERED .—Fed- eral land management officials are not required to consider the existence or availability of fish-ing, hunting, or recreational shooting opportu-nities on adjacent or nearby public or private lands in the planning for or determination of which Federal lands are open for these activities or in the setting of levels of use for these activi-ties on Federal lands, unless the combination or coordination of such opportunities would en-hance the fishing, hunting, or recreational shooting opportunities available to the public. (e) F
EDERAL LANDS.— (1) L
ANDS OPEN .—Lands under the jurisdic-tion of the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service, including Wilderness Areas, Wilderness Study Areas, lands designated as wilderness or administratively classified as wil-derness eligible or suitable and primitive or semi-primitive areas and National Monuments, but excluding lands on the Outer Continental Shelf, shall be open to fishing, hunting, and rec-reational shooting unless the managing Federal agency acts to close lands to such activity. Lands may be subject to closures or restrictions if determined by the head of the agency to be necessary and reasonable and supported by facts and evidence, for purposes including re-source conservation, public safety, energy or mineral production, energy generation or trans-mission infrastructure, water supply facilities, protection of other permittees, protection of pri-vate property rights or interest, national secu-rity, or compliance with other law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.001 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H959 February 26, 2016 
(2) R ECREATIONAL SHOOTING RANGES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal agency shall use his or her authorities in a man-ner consistent with this Act and other applica-ble law, to— (i) lease or permit use of lands under the juris-diction of the agency for recreational shooting ranges; and (ii) designate specific lands under the jurisdic-tion of the agency for recreational shooting ac-tivities. (B) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Any designa-tion under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall not sub-ject the United States to any civil action or claim for monetary damages for injury or loss of property or personal injury or death caused by any activity occurring at or on such designated lands. (f) N
ECESSITY IN WILDERNESS AREAS AND  ‘‘W
ITHIN AND SUPPLEMENTAL TO ’’ W ILDERNESS  P
URPOSES .— (1) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR ADMINISTRA -
TION.—The provision of opportunities for fish-ing, hunting, and recreational shooting, and the conservation of fish and wildlife to provide sus-tainable use recreational opportunities on des-ignated Federal wilderness areas shall con-stitute measures necessary to meet the minimum requirements for the administration of the wil-derness area, provided that this determination shall not authorize or facilitate commodity de-velopment, use, or extraction, motorized rec-reational access or use that is not otherwise al-lowed under the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), or permanent road construction or maintenance within designated wilderness areas. (2) A
PPLICATION OF WILDERNESS ACT .—Provi- sions of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), stipulating that wilderness purposes are ‘‘within and supplemental to’’ the purposes of the underlying Federal land unit are reaffirmed. When seeking to carry out fish and wildlife con-servation programs and projects or provide fish and wildlife dependent recreation opportunities on designated wilderness areas, each Federal land management official shall implement these supplemental purposes so as to facilitate, en-hance, or both, but not to impede the under-lying Federal land purposes when seeking to carry out fish and wildlife conservation pro-grams and projects or provide fish and wildlife dependent recreation opportunities in des-ignated wilderness areas, provided that such im-plementation shall not authorize or facilitate commodity development, use or extraction, or permanent road construction or maintenance within designated wilderness areas. (g) N
OPRIORITY .—Nothing in this section re-quires a Federal land management official to give preference to fishing, hunting, or rec-reational shooting over other uses of Federal land or over land or water management prior-ities established by Federal law. (h) C
ONSULTATION WITHCOUNCILS .—In ful- filling the duties under this section, Federal land management officials shall consult with re-spective advisory councils as established in Ex-ecutive Order Nos. 12962 and 13443. (i) A
UTHORITY OF THE STATES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as interfering with, diminishing, or conflicting with the au-thority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of any State to exercise primary management, control, or regulation of fish and wildlife under State law (including regulations) on land or water within the State, including on Federal land. (j) F
EDERAL LICENSES .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to authorize a Federal land management official to require a license, fee, or permit to fish, hunt, or trap on land or water in a State, including on Federal land in the States, except that this subsection shall not affect the Migratory Bird Stamp requirement set forth in the Migratory Bird Hunting and Con-servation Stamp Act (16 U.S.C. 718 et seq.). SEC. 604. VOLUNTEER HUNTERS; REPORTS; CLO-SURES AND RESTRICTIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) P
UBLIC LAND .—The term ‘‘public land’’ means— (A) units of the National Park System; (B) National Forest System lands; and (C) land and interests in land owned by the United States and under the administrative ju-risdiction of— (i) the Fish and Wildlife Service; or (ii) the Bureau of Land Management. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior and includes the Director of the National Park Service, with regard to units of the National Park System; (B) the Secretary of the Interior and includes the Director of the Fish and Wildlife Service, with regard to Fish and Wildlife Service lands and waters; (C) the Secretary of the Interior and includes the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, with regard to Bureau of Land Manage-ment lands and waters; and (D) the Secretary of Agriculture and includes the Chief of the Forest Service, with regard to National Forest System lands. (3) V
OLUNTEER FROM THE HUNTING COMMU -
NITY.—The term ‘‘volunteer from the hunting community’’ means a volunteer who holds a valid hunting license issued by a State. (b) V
OLUNTEER HUNTERS .—When planning wildlife management involving reducing the size of a wildlife population on public land, the Sec-retary shall consider the use of and may use vol-unteers from the hunting community as agents to assist in carrying out wildlife management on public land. The Secretary shall not reject the use of volunteers from the hunting community as agents without the concurrence of the appro-priate State wildlife management authorities. (c) R
EPORT .—Beginning on the second Octo-ber 1 after the date of the enactment of this Act and biennially on October 1 thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) any public land administered by the Sec-retary that was closed to fishing, hunting, and recreational shooting at any time during the preceding year; and (2) the reason for the closure. (d) C
LOSURES OR SIGNIFICANT RESTRICTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Other than closures estab-lished or prescribed by land planning actions re-ferred to in section 604(e) or emergency closures described in paragraph (2), a permanent or tem-porary withdrawal, change of classification, or change of management status of public land that effectively closes or significantly restricts any acreage of public land to access or use for fishing, hunting, recreational shooting, or ac-tivities related to fishing, hunting, or rec-reational shooting, or a combination of those ac-tivities, shall take effect only if, before the date of withdrawal or change, the Secretary— (A) publishes appropriate notice of the with-drawal or change, respectively; (B) demonstrates that coordination has oc-curred with a State fish and wildlife agency; and (C) submits to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate written notice of the withdrawal or change, respectively. (2) E
MERGENCY CLOSURES .—Nothing in this Act prohibits the Secretary from establishing or implementing emergency closures or restrictions of the smallest practicable area to provide for public safety, resource conservation, national security, or other purposes authorized by law. Such an emergency closure shall terminate after a reasonable period of time unless converted to a permanent closure consistent with this Act. TITLE VII—FARMER AND HUNTER PROTECTION ACT SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hunter and Farmer Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 702. BAITING OF MIGRATORY GAME BIRDS. 
Section 3 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 704) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION OF BAITING .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) B
AITED AREA .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘baited area’ means— ‘‘(I) any area on which salt, grain, or other feed has been placed, exposed, deposited, dis-tributed, or scattered, if the salt, grain, or feed could lure or attract migratory game birds; and ‘‘(II) in the case of waterfowl, cranes (family Gruidae), and coots (family Rallidae), a stand-ing, unharvested crop that has been manipu-lated through activities such as mowing, discing, or rolling, unless the activities are nor-mal agricultural practices. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—An area shall not be con-sidered to be a ‘baited area’ if the area— ‘‘(I) has been treated with a normal agricul-tural practice; ‘‘(II) has standing crops that have not been manipulated; or ‘‘(III) has standing crops that have been or are flooded. ‘‘(B) B
AITING .—The term ‘baiting’ means the direct or indirect placing, exposing, depositing, distributing, or scattering of salt, grain, or other feed that could lure or attract migratory game birds to, on, or over any areas on which a hun-ter is attempting to take migratory game birds. ‘‘(C) M
IGRATORY GAME BIRD .—The term ‘mi-gratory game bird’ means migratory bird spe-cies— ‘‘(i) that are within the taxonomic families of Anatidae, Columbidae, Gruidae, Rallidae, and Scolopacidae; and ‘‘(ii) for which open seasons are prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(D) N
ORMAL AGRICULTURAL PRACTICE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘normal agricul-tural practice’ means any practice in 1 annual growing season that— ‘‘(I) is carried out in order to produce a mar-ketable crop, including planting, harvest, postharvest, or soil conservation practices; and ‘‘(II) is recommended for the successful har-vest of a given crop by the applicable State of-fice of the Cooperative Extension System of the Department of Agriculture, in consultation with, and if requested, the concurrence of, the head of the applicable State department of fish and wildlife. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), the term ‘normal agricultural practice’ includes the destruction of a crop in accordance with practices required by the Federal Crop Insur-ance Corporation for agricultural producers to obtain crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) on land on which a crop during the current or immediately preceding crop year was not harvestable due to a natural disaster (including any hurricane, storm, tornado, flood, high water, wind-driven water, tidal wave, tsunami, earthquake, vol-canic eruption, landslide, mudslide, drought, fire, snowstorm, or other catastrophe that is de-clared a major disaster by the President in ac-cordance with section 401 of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170)). ‘‘(II) L
IMITATIONS .—The term ‘normal agricul-tural practice’ only includes a crop described in subclause (I) that has been destroyed or manip-ulated through activities that include (but are not limited to) mowing, discing, or rolling if the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation certifies that flooding was not an acceptable method of destruction to obtain crop insurance under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.001 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH960 February 26, 2016 
Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). ‘‘(E) W
ATERFOWL .—The term ‘waterfowl’ means native species of the family Anatidae. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—It shall be unlawful for any person— ‘‘(A) to take any migratory game bird by bait-ing or on or over any baited area, if the person knows or reasonably should know that the area is a baited area; or ‘‘(B) to place or direct the placement of bait on or adjacent to an area for the purpose of causing, inducing, or allowing any person to take or attempt to take any migratory game bird by baiting or on or over the baited area. ‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior may promulgate regulations to implement this subsection. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .—Annually, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a report that describes any changes to normal agricultural practices across the range of crops grown by agricultural producers in each region of the United States in which the recommendations are provided to agricultural producers.’’. TITLE VIII—TRANSPORTING BOWS ACROSS NATIONAL PARK SERVICE LANDS 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hunter Access Corridors Act’’. 
SEC. 802. BOWHUNTING OPPORTUNITY AND WILD-LIFE STEWARDSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 1015 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 101513. Hunter access corridors ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) N
OT READY FOR IMMEDIATE USE .—The term ‘not ready for immediate use’ means— ‘‘(A) a bow or crossbow, the arrows of which are secured or stowed in a quiver or other arrow transport case; and ‘‘(B) with respect to a crossbow, uncocked. ‘‘(2) V
ALID HUNTING LICENSE .—The term ‘valid hunting license’ means a State-issued hunting license that authorizes an individual to hunt on private or public land adjacent to the System unit in which the individual is located while in possession of a bow or crossbow that is not ready for immediate use. ‘‘(b) T
RANSPORTATION AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall not re-quire a permit for, or promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from transporting bows and crossbows that are not ready for immediate use across any System unit if— ‘‘(A) in the case of an individual traversing the System unit on foot— ‘‘(i) the individual is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing the bows and crossbows; ‘‘(ii) the bows or crossbows are not ready for immediate use throughout the period during which the bows or crossbows are transported across the System unit; ‘‘(iii) the possession of the bows and crossbows is in compliance with the law of the State in which the System unit is located; and ‘‘(iv)(I) the individual possesses a valid hunt-ing license; ‘‘(II) the individual is traversing the System unit en route to a hunting access corridor estab-lished under subsection (c)(1); or ‘‘(III) the individual is traversing the System unit in compliance with any other applicable regulations or policies; or ‘‘(B) the bows or crossbows are not ready for immediate use and remain inside a vehicle. ‘‘(2) E
NFORCEMENT .—Nothing in this sub-section limits the authority of the Director to enforce laws (including regulations) prohibiting hunting or the taking of wildlife in any System unit. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF HUNTER ACCESS COR-
RIDORS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—On a determination by the Director under paragraph (2), the Director may establish and publish (in accordance with sec-tion 1.5 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation)), on a publicly avail-able map, hunter access corridors across System units that are used to access public land that is— ‘‘(A) contiguous to a System unit; and ‘‘(B) open to hunting. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION BY DIRECTOR .—The de- termination referred to in paragraph (1) is a de-termination that the hunter access corridor would provide wildlife management or visitor experience benefits within the boundary of the System unit in which the hunter access corridor is located. ‘‘(3) H
UNTING SEASON .—The hunter access cor-ridors shall be open for use during hunting sea-sons. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION .—The Director may establish limited periods during which access through the hunter access corridors is closed for reasons of public safety, administration, or compliance with applicable law. ‘‘(5) I
DENTIFICATION OF CORRIDORS .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(A) make information regarding hunter ac-cess corridors available on the individual website of the applicable System unit; and ‘‘(B) provide information regarding any proc-esses established by the Director for trans-porting legally taken game through individual hunter access corridors. ‘‘(6) R
EGISTRATION ; TRANSPORTATION OF  
GAME .—The Director may— ‘‘(A) provide registration boxes to be located at the trailhead of each hunter access corridor for self-registration; ‘‘(B) provide a process for online self-registra-tion; and ‘‘(C) allow nonmotorized conveyances to transport legally taken game through a hunter access corridor established under this sub-section, including game carts and sleds. ‘‘(7) C
ONSULTATION WITH STATES .—The Direc-tor shall consult with each applicable State wildlife agency to identify appropriate hunter access corridors. ‘‘(d) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— ‘‘(1) diminishes, enlarges, or modifies any Federal or State authority with respect to rec-reational hunting, recreational shooting, or any other recreational activities within the bound-aries of a System unit; or ‘‘(2) authorizes— ‘‘(A) the establishment of new trails in System units; or ‘‘(B) authorizes individuals to access areas in System units, on foot or otherwise, that are not open to such access. ‘‘(e) N
OMAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any action taken under this section shall not be considered a major Fed-eral action significantly affecting the quality of the human environment under the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL ACTION REQUIRED .—No additional identification, analyses, or consider-ation of environmental effects (including cumu-lative environmental effects) is necessary or re-quired with respect to an action taken under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 101512 the following: ‘‘101513. Hunter access corridors.’’. TITLE IX—FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILITATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION (FLTFA) 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act Reauthorization of 2015’’. SEC. 902. FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILI-TATION ACT. 
The Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act is amended— (1) in section 203(1) (43 U.S.C. 2302(1)), by striking ‘‘cultural, or’’ and inserting ‘‘cultural, recreational access and use, or other’’; (2) in section 203(2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘on the date of enactment of this Act was’’ and inserting ‘‘is’’; (3) in section 205 (43 U.S.C. 2304)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 206’’ and all that follows through the period and in-serting the following: ‘‘section 206— ‘‘(1) to complete appraisals and satisfy other legal requirements for the sale or exchange of public land identified for disposal under ap-proved land use plans under section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); ‘‘(2) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act Reauthorization of 2015, to es-tablish and make available to the public, on the website of the Department of the Interior, a database containing a comprehensive list of all the land referred to in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) to maintain the database referred to in paragraph (2).’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘11’’ and in-serting ‘‘22’’; (4) by amending section 206(c)(1) (43 U.S.C. 2305(c)(1)) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Funds in the Federal Land Disposal Account shall be expended in accord-ance with this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—Except as authorized under paragraph (2), funds in the Federal Land Dis-posal Account shall be used for one or more of the following purposes: ‘‘(i) To purchase lands or interests therein that are otherwise authorized by law to be ac-quired and are one or more of the following: ‘‘(I) Inholdings. ‘‘(II) Adjacent to federally designated areas and contain exceptional resources. ‘‘(III) Provide opportunities for hunting, rec-reational fishing, recreational shooting, and other recreational activities. ‘‘(IV) Likely to aid in the performance of de-ferred maintenance or the reduction of oper-ation and maintenance costs or other deferred costs. ‘‘(ii) To perform deferred maintenance or other maintenance activities that enhance op-portunities for recreational access.’’; (5) in section 206(c)(2) (43 U.S.C. 2305(c)(2))— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), re-spectively; (C) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated by this paragraph)— (i) by striking ‘‘
PURCHASES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
LAND PURCHASES AND PERFORMANCE OF DE -
FERRED MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (C)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘for the activities outlined in paragraph (2)’’ after ‘‘generated’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Any funds made available under sub-paragraph (C) that are not obligated or ex-pended by the end of the fourth full fiscal year after the date of the sale or exchange of land that generated the funds may be expended in any State.’’; (6) in section 206(c)(3) (43 U.S.C. 2305(c)(3))— (A) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) the extent to which the acquisition of the land or interest therein will increase the public availability of resources for, and facilitate pub-lic access to, hunting, fishing, and other rec-reational activities;’’; and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.001 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H961 February 26, 2016 
(7) in section 206(f) (43 U.S.C. 2305(f)), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) any remaining balance in the account shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, except that in the case of a fis-cal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate).’’; and (8) in section 207(b) (43 U.S.C. 2306(b))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘96–568’’ and inserting ‘‘96– 586’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semi-colon; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘Public Law 105–263;’’ before ‘‘112 Stat.’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3028); ‘‘(4) the Lincoln County Conservation, Recre-ation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2403); ‘‘(5) subtitle F of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(6) subtitle O of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 460www note, 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(7) section 2601 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1108); or ‘‘(8) section 2606 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1121).’’. TITLE X—AFRICAN ELEPHANT CONSERVA-TION AND LEGAL IVORY POSSESSION ACT 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘African Ele-phant Conservation and Legal Ivory Possession Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a provision of the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). 
SEC. 1003. LIMITED EXEMPTION FOR CERTAIN AF-RICAN ELEPHANT IVORY. 
Section 2203 (16 U.S.C. 4223) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before the first sentence; (2) by inserting ‘‘and subsection (b) of this section’’ after ‘‘2202(e)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) E
XEMPTION .—Nothing in this Act or sub-section (a) or (d) of section 9 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538) shall be con-strued to prohibit importation or exportation, or to require permission of the Secretary for impor-tation or exportation, of— ‘‘(1) any raw ivory or worked ivory— ‘‘(A) imported solely for purposes of becoming part of a museum’s permanent collection, return to a lending museum, or display in a museum; or ‘‘(B) exported solely for purposes of— ‘‘(i) display in a foreign museum; or ‘‘(ii) return to a foreign person who lent such ivory to a museum in the United States; ‘‘(2) any raw ivory or worked ivory that was lawfully importable into the United States on February 24, 2014, regardless of when acquired; or ‘‘(3) any worked ivory that was previously lawfully possessed in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1004. PLACEMENT OF UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE LAW EN-FORCEMENT OFFICER IN EACH AFRI-CAN ELEPHANT RANGE COUNTRY. 
Part I (16 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 2105. PLACEMENT OF UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE LAW EN-FORCEMENT OFFICER IN EACH AFRI-CAN ELEPHANT RANGE COUNTRY. 
‘‘The Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, may station one United States Fish and Wildlife Service law enforcement offi-cer in the primary United States diplomatic or consular post in each African country that has a significant population of African elephants, who shall assist local wildlife rangers in the protection of African elephants and facilitate the apprehension of individuals who illegally kill, or assist the illegal killing of, African ele-phants.’’. 
SEC. 1005. CERTIFICATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE FISHERMEN’S PROTECTIVE ACT OF 1967. 
Section 2202 (16 U.S.C. 4222) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) C
ERTIFICATION .—When the Secretary of the Interior finds that a country, directly or in-directly, is a significant transit or destination point for illegal ivory trade, the Secretary shall certify such fact to the President with respect to the country for the purposes of section 8(a) of the Fishermen’s Protective Act of 1967 (22 U.S.C. 1978(a)).’’. 
SEC. 1006. TREATMENT OF ELEPHANT IVORY. 
Section 2203 (16 U.S.C. 4223) is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF ELEPHANT IVORY .—Noth- ing in this Act or the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538) shall be construed— ‘‘(1) to prohibit, or to authorize prohibiting, the possession, sale, delivery, receipt, shipment, or transportation of African elephant ivory, or any product containing African elephant ivory, that has been lawfully imported or crafted in the United States; or ‘‘(2) to authorize using any means of deter-mining for purposes of this Act or the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 whether African ele-phant ivory has been lawfully imported, includ-ing any presumption or burden of proof applied in such determination, other than such means used by the Secretary as of February 24, 2014.’’. 
SEC. 1007. SPORT-HUNTED ELEPHANT TROPHIES. 
Section 2203 (16 U.S.C. 4223) is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
PORT-HUNTED ELEPHANT TROPHIES .— Nothing in this Act or subsection (a) or (d) of section 9 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538) shall be construed to prohibit any citizen or legal resident of the United States, or an agent of such an individual, from importing a sport-hunted African elephant tro-phy under section 2202(e) of this Act, if the country in which the elephant was taken had an elephant population on Appendix II of CITES at the time the trophy elephant was taken. ‘‘(e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO THE CONVENTION .— Nothing in this section shall be construed as modifying or repealing the Secretary’s duties to implement CITES and the appendices thereto, or as modifying or repealing section 8A or 9(c) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1537a and 1538(c)).’’. 
SEC. 1008. AFRICAN ELEPHANT CONSERVATION ACT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE PRI-ORITY AND REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) F INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PRIORITY .—Section 2101 (16 U.S.C. 4211) is amended by redesig-nating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively, and by inserting after sub-section (d) the following: ‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In providing financial assist-ance under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to projects designed to facilitate the ac-quisition of equipment and training of wildlife officials in ivory producing countries to be used in anti-poaching efforts.’’. (b) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 2306(a) (16 U.S.C. 4245(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. TITLE XI—RESPECT FOR TREATIES AND RIGHTS SEC. 1101. RESPECT FOR TREATIES AND RIGHTS. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect or mod-ify any treaty or other right of any federally recognized Indian tribe. TITLE XII—INTEREST ON OBLIGATIONS HELD IN THE WILDLIFE RESTORATION FUND 
SEC. 1201. INTEREST ON OBLIGATIONS HELD IN THE WILDLIFE RESTORATION FUND. 
Section 3(b)(2)(C) of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669b(b)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2026’’. TITLE XIII—PERMITS FOR FILM CREWS OF FIVE PEOPLE OR LESS 
SEC. 1301. ANNUAL PERMIT AND FEE FOR FILM CREWS OF 5 PERSONS OR FEWER. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to provide commercial film crews of 5 persons or fewer access to film in areas designated for pub-lic use during public hours on Federal land and waterways. (b) N
ATIONAL PARK SYSTEM LAND.—Section 100905 of title 54, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FILM CREWS OF 5 PER -
SONS OR FEWER .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF FILM CREW .—In this para-graph, the term ‘film crew’ means any persons present on Federal land or waterways under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who are associated with the production of a film. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED PERMIT AND FEE .—For any film crew of 5 persons or fewer, the Secretary shall require a permit and assess an annual fee of $200 for commercial filming activities or simi-lar projects on Federal land and waterways ad-ministered by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) C
OMMERCIAL FILMING ACTIVITIES .—A permit issued under subparagraph (B) shall be valid for commercial filming activities or similar projects that occur in areas designated for pub-lic use during public hours on all Federal land and waterways administered by the Secretary for a 1-year period beginning on the date of issuance of the permit. ‘‘(D) N
O ADDITIONAL FEES .—For persons hold-ing a permit issued under this paragraph, dur-ing the effective period of the permit, the Sec-retary shall not assess any fees in addition to the fee assessed under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(E) U
SE OF CAMERAS .—The Secretary shall not prohibit, as a mechanized apparatus or under any other purposes, use of cameras or re-lated equipment used for the purpose of commer-cial filming activities or similar projects in ac-cordance with this paragraph on Federal land and waterways administered by the Secretary. ‘‘(F) N
OTIFICATION REQUIRED .—A film crew of 5 persons or fewer subject to a permit issued under this paragraph shall notify the applicable land management agency with jurisdiction over the Federal land at least 48 hours before enter-ing the Federal land. ‘‘(G) D
ENIAL OF ACCESS .—The head of the ap-plicable land management agency may deny ac-cess to a film crew under this paragraph if— ‘‘(i) there is a likelihood of resource damage that cannot be mitigated; ‘‘(ii) there would be an unreasonable disrup-tion of the use and enjoyment of the site by the public; ‘‘(iii) the activity poses health or safety risks to the public; or ‘‘(iv) the filming includes the use of models or props that are not part of the natural or cul-tural resources or administrative facilities of the Federal land.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.001 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH962 February 26, 2016 
(2) in the first sentence of subsection (b), by striking ‘‘collect any costs’’ and inserting ‘‘re-cover any costs’’. (c) O
THER FEDERAL LAND.—Section 1 of Pub-lic Law 106–206 (16 U.S.C. 460l–6d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FILM CREWS OF 5 PER -
SONS OR FEWER .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF FILM CREW .—In this para-graph, the term ‘film crew’ means any persons present on Federal land or waterways under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who are associated with the production of a film. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED PERMIT AND FEE .—For any film crew of 5 persons or fewer, the Secretary shall require a permit and assess an annual fee of $200 for commercial filming activities or simi-lar projects on Federal land and waterways ad-ministered by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) C
OMMERCIAL FILMING ACTIVITIES .—A permit issued under subparagraph (B) shall be valid for commercial filming activities or similar projects that occur in areas designated for pub-lic use during public hours on all Federal land and waterways administered by the Secretary for a 1-year period beginning on the date of issuance of the permit. ‘‘(D) N
O ADDITIONAL FEES .—For persons hold-ing a permit issued under this paragraph, dur-ing the effective period of the permit, the Sec-retary shall not assess any fees in addition to the fee assessed under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(E) U
SE OF CAMERAS .—The Secretary shall not prohibit, as a mechanized apparatus or under any other purposes, use of cameras or re-lated equipment used for the purpose of commer-cial filming activities or similar projects in ac-cordance with this paragraph on Federal land and waterways administered by the Secretary. ‘‘(F) N
OTIFICATION REQUIRED .—A film crew of 5 persons or fewer subject to a permit issued under this paragraph shall notify the applicable land management agency with jurisdiction over the Federal land at least 48 hours before enter-ing the Federal land. ‘‘(G) D
ENIAL OF ACCESS .—The head of the ap-plicable land management agency may deny ac-cess to a film crew under this paragraph if— ‘‘(i) there is a likelihood of resource damage that cannot be mitigated; ‘‘(ii) there would be an unreasonable disrup-tion of the use and enjoyment of the site by the public; ‘‘(iii) the activity poses health or safety risks to the public; or ‘‘(iv) the filming includes the use of models or props that are not part of the natural or cul-tural resources or administrative facilities of the Federal land.’’; and (2) in the first sentence of subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘collect any costs’’ and insert-ing ‘‘recover any costs’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘similar project’’ and inserting ‘‘similar projects’’. TITLE XIV—STATE APPROVAL OF FISHING RESTRICTION 
SEC. 1401. STATE OR TERRITORIAL APPROVAL OF RESTRICTION OF RECREATIONAL OR COMMERCIAL FISHING ACCESS TO CERTAIN STATE OR TERRITORIAL WATERS. 
(a) A PPROVAL REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall not restrict recreational or commercial fishing access to any State or territorial marine waters or Great Lakes waters within the juris-diction of the National Park Service or the Of-fice of National Marine Sanctuaries, respec-tively, unless those restrictions are developed in coordination with, and approved by, the fish and wildlife management agency of the State or territory that has fisheries management author-ity over those waters. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘marine waters’’ includes coastal waters and es-tuaries. TITLE XV—HUNTING AND RECREATIONAL FISHING WITHIN CERTAIN NATIONAL FORESTS SEC. 1501. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) H
UNTING .—The term ‘‘hunting’’ means use of a firearm, bow, or other authorized means in the lawful pursuit, shooting, capture, collection, trapping, or killing of wildlife; attempt to pur-sue, shoot, capture, collect, trap, or kill wildlife; or the training and use of hunting dogs, includ-ing field trials. (2) R
ECREATIONAL FISHING .—The term ‘‘rec-reational fishing’’ means the lawful pursuit, capture, collection, or killing of fish; or attempt to capture, collect, or kill fish. (3) F
OREST PLAN .—The term ‘‘forest plan’’ means a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (4) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Forest System’’ has the meaning given that term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)) 
SEC. 1502. HUNTING AND RECREATIONAL FISH-ING WITHIN THE NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION OF RESTRICTIONS .—The Sec- retary of Agriculture or Chief of the Forest Serv-ice may not establish policies, directives, or reg-ulations that restrict the type, season, or meth-od of hunting or recreational fishing on lands within the National Forest System that are oth-erwise open to those activities and are con-sistent with the applicable forest plan. (b) P
RIOR RESTRICTIONS VOID.—Any restric-tions imposed by the Secretary of Agriculture or Chief of the Forest Service regarding the type, season, or method of hunting or recreational fishing on lands within the National Forest Sys-tem that are otherwise open to those activities in force on the date of the enactment of this Act shall be void and have no force or effect. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply only to the Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana, the De Soto National Forest in the State of Mississippi, and the Ozark Na-tional Forest, the St. Francis National Forest and the Ouachita National Forest in the States of Arkansas and Oklahoma. (d) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this sec-tion, section 1 of the Act of June 4, 1897 (16 U.S.C. 551), or section 32 of the Act of July 22, 1937 (7 U.S.C. 1011) shall affect the authority of States to manage hunting or recreational fishing on lands within the National Forest System. TITLE XVI—GRAND CANYON BISON MANAGEMENT ACT 
SEC. 1601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Grand Canyon Bison Management Act’’. 
SEC. 1602. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘manage-ment plan’’ means the management plan pub-lished under section 1603(a). (2) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means the Grand Canyon National Park. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (4) S
KILLED PUBLIC VOLUNTEER .—The term ‘‘skilled public volunteer’’ means an individual who possesses— (A) a valid hunting license issued by the State of Arizona; and (B) such other qualifications as the Secretary may require, after consultation with the Ari-zona Game and Fish Commission. 
SEC. 1603. BISON MANAGEMENT PLAN FOR GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK. 
(a) P UBLICATION OF PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a management plan to reduce, through humane lethal culling by skilled public volunteers and by other nonlethal means, the population of bison in the Park that the Secretary determines are detrimental to the use of the Park. (b) REMOVAL OF ANIMAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a skilled public vol-unteer may remove a full bison harvested from the Park. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate with the Arizona Game and Fish Com-mission regarding the development and imple-mentation of the management plan. (d) NEPA C
OMPLIANCE .—In developing the management plan, the Secretary shall comply with all applicable Federal environmental laws (including regulations), including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (e) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this title applies to the taking of wildlife in the Park for any purpose other than the implementation of the management plan. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–429. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . WITTMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 53, line 18, insert ‘‘, subject to appro-priation,’’ after ‘‘expended’’. Page 63, strike lines 1 through 8. Strike ‘‘of 2015’’ each place it appears. At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE XVII—OPEN BOOK ON EQUAL ACCESS TO JUSTICE 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act’’. 
SEC. 1702. MODIFICATION OF EQUAL ACCESS TO JUSTICE PROVISIONS. 
(a) A GENCY PROCEEDINGS .—Section 504 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (i); and (3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e)(1) The Chairman of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States, after consultation with the Chief Counsel for Ad-vocacy of the Small Business Administra-tion, shall report to the Congress, not later than March 31 of each year through the 6th calendar year beginning after the initial re-port under this subsection is submitted, on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded during the preceding fiscal year pur-suant to this section. The report shall de-scribe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the con-troversy, and any other relevant information that may aid the Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. The report shall be made available to the public online. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.001 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H963 February 26, 2016 
‘‘(2)(A) The report required by paragraph (1) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this section that are made pursuant to a settlement agreement, regardless of whether the settle-ment agreement is sealed or otherwise sub-ject to nondisclosure provisions. ‘‘(B) The disclosure of fees and other ex-penses required under subparagraph (A) does not affect any other information that is sub-ject to nondisclosure provisions in the settle-ment agreement. ‘‘(f) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference shall create and maintain, during the period beginning on the date the initial report under subsection (e) is submitted and ending one year after the date on which the final report under that subsection is sub-mitted, online a searchable database con-taining the following information with re-spect to each award of fees and other ex-penses under this section: ‘‘(1) The case name and number of the ad-versary adjudication, if available. ‘‘(2) The name of the agency involved in the adversary adjudication. ‘‘(3) A description of the claims in the ad-versary adjudication. ‘‘(4) The name of each party to whom the award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other agency document mak-ing the award. ‘‘(5) The amount of the award. ‘‘(6) The basis for the finding that the posi-tion of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. ‘‘(g) The online searchable database de-scribed in subsection (f) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or court order. ‘‘(h) The head of each agency shall provide to the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of subsections (e), (f), and (g).’’. (b) C
OURT CASES.—Section 2412(d) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) The Chairman of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States shall submit to the Congress, not later than March 31 of each year through the 6th cal-endar year beginning after the initial report under this paragraph is submitted, a report on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded during the preceding fiscal year pur-suant to this subsection. The report shall de-scribe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in each con-troversy, and any other relevant information that may aid the Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. The report shall be made available to the public online. ‘‘(B)(i) The report required by subpara-graph (A) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this subsection that are made pursuant to a set-tlement agreement, regardless of whether the settlement agreement is sealed or other-wise subject to nondisclosure provisions. ‘‘(ii) The disclosure of fees and other ex-penses required under clause (i) does not af-fect any other information that is subject to nondisclosure provisions in the settlement agreement. ‘‘(C) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference shall include and clearly identify in the annual report under subparagraph (A), for each case in which an award of fees and other expenses is included in the report— ‘‘(i) any amounts paid from section 1304 of title 31 for a judgment in the case; ‘‘(ii) the amount of the award of fees and other expenses; and ‘‘(iii) the statute under which the plaintiff filed suit. ‘‘(6) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference shall create and maintain, during the period beginning on the date the initial report under paragraph (5) is submitted and ending one year after the date on which the final report under that paragraph is sub-mitted, online a searchable database con-taining the following information with re-spect to each award of fees and other ex-penses under this subsection: ‘‘(A) The case name and number. ‘‘(B) The name of the agency involved in the case. ‘‘(C) The name of each party to whom the award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. ‘‘(D) A description of the claims in the case. ‘‘(E) The amount of the award. ‘‘(F) The basis for the finding that the po-sition of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. ‘‘(7) The online searchable database de-scribed in paragraph (6) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or court order. ‘‘(8) The head of each agency (including the Attorney General of the United States) shall provide to the Chairman of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the require-ments of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7).’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘United States Code,’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘of section 2412 of title 28, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this section’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘of such title’’ and insert-ing ‘‘of this title’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall first apply with respect to awards of fees and other expenses that are made on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) I
NITIAL REPORTS .—The first reports re-quired by section 504(e) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(5) of title 28, United States Code, shall be submitted not later than March 31 of the calendar year fol-lowing the first calendar year in which a fis-cal year begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (3) O
NLINE DATABASES .—The online data-bases required by section 504(f) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(6) of title 28, United States Code, shall be estab-lished as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but in no case later than the date on which the first reports under section 504(e) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(5) of title 28, United States Code, are required to be submitted under paragraph (2) of this subsection. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, this manager’s amendment makes technical changes to the underlying bill, makes expenditures under the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act subject to appropriation, and eliminates the Pitt-man-Robertson interest on obligations language, title XII, which was signed into law last year. The manager’s amendment also adds an important new title to the bill, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, which makes that law more trans-parent. The Equal Access to Justice Act, or EAJA, was originally passed in 1980 as a social safety net program for seniors, veterans, and small businesses. It was designed to pay back these lit-tle guys for the cost of suing the Fed-eral Government in a once-in-a-life-time event. However, special interest groups have used EAJA as a way to be reimbursed for lawsuits when they can’t be reimbursed under the Nation’s environmental laws. These illegitimate reimbursements not only cost tax-payers money, but they tie up our land management agencies, chasing proce-dural lawsuits instead of doing their actual job. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the manager’s amend-ment, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I simply take a minute. Since we have no amendments on leaded bullets or lead in fishing, this may be the only time it is germane to clear up an issue from our debate yesterday evening. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ), my good friend, mentioned about at shooting ranges, especially, bullets often end up back in the ground. I just wanted to clarify, and let me quote from the Science and Environ-mental Health Network, that in the en-vironment many chemicals are de-graded by sunlight, destroyed through reactions with other environmental substances or metabolized by naturally occurring bacteria. Some chemicals, however, have features that enable them to resist environmental degrada-tion. They are classified as persistent and can accumulate in soils and aquat-ic environments. Metals such as lead, mercury, and arsenic are always per-sistent since they are basic elements and cannot be further broken down and destroyed in the environment. Lead contamination of air, soil, or drinking water can ultimately result in signifi-cant exposures in fetuses, infants, and children, resulting in impaired brain development. Mr. Chair, I just wanted to get that on the record that the lead is not going to degrade once it hits the soil during hunting or fishing. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–429. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.007 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH964 February 26, 2016 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 9, strike ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at line 14, strike the period at line 16 and insert ‘‘; and’’, and after line 16 insert the fol-lowing: (5) prohibits use of the location by any in-dividual who is prohibited from purchasing a firearm by section 922(g) of title 18, United States Code. Page 10, strike ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at line 6, strike the closing quotation marks and period at line 8 and insert ‘‘and’’, and after line 8 insert the following: ‘‘(E) prohibits use of the location by any individual who is prohibited from purchasing a firearm by section 922(g) of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, H.R. 2406 would increase Federal assistance made available in the Pittman-Robert-son Act for construction, operations, and maintenance of recreational shoot-ing ranges on public lands. I, myself, am an avid outdoorsman and a big proponent of recreational ac-tivities, and I understand the value of recreational shooting. However, I be-lieve that with these privileges come certain responsibilities. One of those responsibilities is to ensure that we are not creating a situation where dan-gerous people are allowed to hone their shooting skills on the taxpayers’ dime. My amendment today simply says, if you operate a public shooting range and if you receive Federal assistance by way of this act, then you must have a policy, a notice of some sort in place stating that no person who is prohib-ited by Federal law from possessing a firearm is allowed to use the shooting range. Nothing in this amendment creates new gun laws. Nothing in this amend-ment would infringe on the rights of responsible gun owners. Nothing in this amendment is onerous in any way. We are simply saying that the Federal Government should not be in the busi-ness of subsidizing dangerous people improving their marksmanship or cre-ating spaces around guns where con-victed felons feel like they can operate outside the law and endanger law-abid-ing sportsmen and -women. The Fed-eral Government has an obligation to keep people safe. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, this amends the definition of public target ranges in title II and the definition of public target range as used for Pitt-man-Robertson funding. This amendment is unnecessary, as it prohibits behavior which is already against the law. This amendment is also impractical. Administrators at public ranges would have no way of knowing who is prohibited and who is not. Public target ranges are not equipped to run background checks, and requiring them to do so would largely undermine the other purposes of the bill, like expanding access to ranges. This amendment does not distinguish between public target ranges that allow only archery versus those that allow firearm use. The amendment would prohibit, without justification, certain persons from taking advantage of otherwise lawful and harmless rec-reational archery. Access to the national background check screening data base is strictly limited by law and cannot be used to screen people just because they want to use a target range. The National Rifle Association, the National Shooting Sports Foundation, and Safari Club International oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I strongly encourage my colleagues to oppose this amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, with respect for my friend from Virginia, there is nothing in the amendment that sug-gests or requires background checks for people wanting to use public shoot-ing ranges—in fact, just the opposite. All we are asking is that there be a pol-icy or a notice saying, if you are other-wise prohibited from using weapons under Federal law, that you can’t prac-tice, hone your shooting skills on these ranges. Mr. WITTMAN and I both come from Virginia, where we have six target ranges managed by the Virginia De-partment of Game and Inland Fish-eries. Those six public target ranges have 17 rules. These rules include: use paper targets only; organized competi-tive shooting is prohibited; use of un-authorized target materials, such as cans, bottles, clay birds is prohibited. None of these is onerous. All we are asking is for an 18th rule that says, if you are otherwise prohibited from using a gun under Federal law, then you can’t use it at the target range. We are not trying to extend back-ground checks to everyone. That is not what this says. All we are trying to do is make sure that people who can’t oth-erwise have possession of a gun don’t go to a target range, rent one, and practice. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-mind the gentleman from Virginia—we all have an interest in shooting sports—that there is no evidence to suggest that there is an issue right now with felons using this opportunity to perpetrate crimes at public shooting ranges, so I think it is a solution in search of a problem. We want to make sure that there is a balance there and that, indeed, people have access to these ranges. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, Federal law prohibits certain criminals from possessing firearms. This amend-ment assumes that a criminal who is forbidden from possessing a firearm, who then breaks that law and possesses one anyway, will then obey a law that says he can’t bring the illegally pos-sessed gun to a shooting range. I have news for the author of this amendment. The last place a criminal wants to be is on a shooting range where he is surrounded by law-abiding and armed citizens. Criminals prefer gun-free zones where decent people can’t fight back. So what is the real purpose of this amendment? I think it is twofold. The first is to imply that gun ranges are brimming with criminals who are honing their skills to go on rampages. That is an insult to the many millions of Americans who own guns and who use shooting ranges. Second, and more disturbing, it is to put the owners and managers of shoot-ing ranges in an impossible legal posi-tion. How are they supposed to comply with this law? The gentleman says, well, they don’t need to do background checks of every consumer, but what else are they then supposed to do in order to abide by this law? Require a 2- week waiting period to make reserva-tions? How long before leftist legal firms begin suing these gun ranges for failing to do due diligence in thor-oughly probing the backgrounds of their customers? We have many laws on the books to prohibit the illegal use of firearms and to prohibit criminals from possessing them. That is the problem with crimi-nals: they just don’t obey our laws. But instead of putting them behind bars, where they can’t hurt anyone, the left seeks to make it increasingly difficult for law-abiding citizens to defend themselves. It shouldn’t surprise us that the sum total of these laws is more gun violence and not less. I urge the House to defeat this amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) has 21⁄2min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) has 11⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, all I need is just a few seconds to point out to my friend from California that many of the things that he objects to are irrelevant and not germane to this amendment. We are not asking for background checks. We are certainly not setting up a structure where lawyers can sue. We are simply asking for a policy or notice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.007 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H965 February 26, 2016 
to be in place, as many other policies and notices are in place at gun shoot-ing ranges around the country, that recognize that Federal law prohibits certain people, some dangerous people from possessing or using firearms in the United States, and especially the public shooting range that is being funded by the Federal Government under Pittman-Robertson. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I want to remind folks, too, that the law al-ready prohibits certain individuals from possessing a firearm, from using it at a public range. The acquisition or possession of a firearm by a person sub-ject to 18 U.S. Code 922, section (g), under any circumstances for any pur-pose is already a Federal felony. I think the law already covers that as far as who can and cannot own a fire-arm. Having the additional effort of saying you can’t access a public range is sec-ondary to the primary violation of the law. I think that that is already cov-ered if you are looking at making sure that guns aren’t put in the hands of those folks who are convicted of these crimes. Again, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment. I encourage my col-leagues to do the same, to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. b0930 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–429. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Beginning at page 14, line 3, strike title III. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me, first of all, thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order. Let me also thank Mr. W
ITT-
MAN and Mr. B EYER for their leadership on this issue. Let me state for the record that I am from Texas, where there are many fish-ermen, many hunters, and many sportsmen and -women, but we are also a people that understand unto whom much is given, much is expected. My amendment speaks to that very issue. My amendment No. 3 strikes title III of the underlying bill that creates a loophole in the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act that would allow a handful of hunters to import polar bear tro-phies into the United States. Let me provide for my colleagues a simple bit of information. Most people do not know, but polar bears are offi-cially classified as marine mammals and, as such, are included under the 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act. They are also listed under the U.S. En-dangered Species Act, affording the iconic animals further protection against hunting, trapping, and cap-turing. Over the last few years, these laws did not stop a handful of wealthy indi-viduals from flying up to Canada to bag a trophy polar bear for their collection back home, even though they were warned that U.S. law would prohibit the importation of skins, heads, and other products from bears that they were hunting. In 1994, well-funded hunting interests convinced Congress to amend the act, allowing a limited number of bears from trophy hunts, but only if the ani-mal came from a designated population that could withstand the loss. Then in 2007, the Fish and Wildlife Service issued a proposed rule to list the polar bear as threatened. This continues. In the Humane Society letter that supports my amendment, it is indi-cated that, in fact, we may lose two- thirds of the polar bear population by 2070. My amendment is smart, it is right, it is humane. It responds to the con-science and the rightness of this coun-try. I am saddened to see these lovely ani-mals—if I can call them that—become trophies to make someone else feel good. I ask my colleagues to recognize the importance of taking care of what God has given us. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes a provision of the SHARE Act that will allow the impor-tation of 41 polar bears legally har-vested from sustainable populations in Canada before the polar bear was listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act. I yield to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, it always interests me when some people try to undo some-thing that has already occurred le-gally. Legally, these bears were taken under license of the Canadian Govern-ment. Legally, they should have been allowed to be imported. And then, Sec-retary Kempthorne listed the polar bear as a threatened species. They are not endangered. In fact, we have a study now that the polar bear popu-lation has increased, not decreased. The point is, these are 41 hides that were shot legally by individual hunters under the auspices of the Canadian law with proper guiding facilities, proper taxidermy facilities, and these bears are dead. By the way, as these dead bears come to the United States, they create money to take and help conserve the rest of the live bears. If I was out buy-ing something or it was given to me and it was declared illegal later on, I can’t keep it? This is silliness. This is a good part of this bill. It rectifies something that was done le-gally for hunters that did their hunting legally. Now we are saying that for human purposes, for the protection of the polar bear, we are not going to allow those 41 hides to come back into the United States that were shot le-gally? We are not going to collect the money we used to save polar bears from these legally shot bears. This is not about the future. And by the way, Fish and Wildlife sort of likes this pro-gram. I am always amazed that somebody is going to save a species that is not en-dangered—in fact, is not threatened— because they are going to save dead bears from coming into the United States that were shot legally. I oppose this amendment. It is a mis-chievous amendment. This amendment was backed by the Humane Society. Of course they are going to support her amendment, but the fact is they were shot legally. They should be allowed to be brought back in the country, as they were shot under the Government of Canada’s auspices. So let’s reject this amendment. Let’s stick to the facts, not emotions. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 21⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia also has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have a letter from the Humane Society that I will include in the R
ECORD , along with an article regarding polar bear hunting. 
THEHUMANE SOCIETY  
OF THE UNITED STATES , February 24, 2016 Hon. S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREP. JACKSON LEE: The Humane So-ciety of the United States, Humane Society Legislative Fund, and Humane Society Inter-national strongly support your amendment to H.R. 2406, the so-called ‘‘Sportsmen’s Her-itage and Recreational Enhancement (SHARE) Act of 2015.’’ This harmful legisla-tion contains a variety of provisions that threaten wildlife, including one that would allow U.S. trophy hunters to import the heads and hides of threatened polar bears from Canada. Your amendment to strike this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.009 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH966 February 26, 2016 
language sends a strong message that our country should be protecting vulnerable spe-cies, not carving out exceptions for the small fraction of the hunting public that travels the globe to kill its most majestic creatures. Title III of H.R. 2406 would weaken the Ma-rine Mammal Protection Act by permitting the importation of trophies from 41 polar bears killed as the Fish and Wildlife Service finalized a rule listing them as threatened under the Endangered Species Act. The wealthy trophy hunters that shot these bears had full knowledge of the pending rule, and knew that U.S. law would likely prohibit them from bringing back their kill. We should not give these hunters a free pass to exploit a regulatory loophole. This is just the latest in a recent series of import allowances by Congress. It would send a message that politically-connected trophy hunters can kill endangered and threatened species around the globe, put the trophies in storage, and wait around for their congressional allies to get them per-mission to bring the heads and hides into the country for display over mantles in living rooms. The provision does not help rank-and- file hunters and sportsmen, who would never dream of traveling to the Arctic to shoot a polar bear, or to Africa to shoot a lion. Scientists estimate that we may lose two- thirds of the polar bear population by 2050. Congress should do all it can / to protect such vanishing species from extinction in-stead of incentivizing trophy hunters to kill as many as possible in advance of pending ESA listings. This is a critical measure to ensure the long-term viability of imperiled animals around the globe. When Cecil, the beloved African lion, was killed by an American dentist it shined a light on the shameful subculture of trophy hunters, who spend their fortunes traveling the globe to kill the rarest and most majes-tic species on earth. We applaud your amend-ment, which provides real protections for en-dangered and threatened species. Sincerely, W
AYNE PACELLE , President and CEO, The Humane Society of the United States. M
ICHAEL MARKARIAN , President, Humane So-ciety Legislative Fund. 
[From TakePart.com, May 5, 2013] P
OLAR BEARTROPHY HUNTERS : KILLNOW, G
ETPERMISSION LATER  (By David Kirby) Most people don’t know it, but polar bears are officially classified as marine mammals, and as such are included under the 1972 Ma-rine Mammal Protection Act. They are also listed under the U.S. Endangered Species Act, affording the iconic animals further protection against hunting, trapping and capturing. But over the past few years, those laws did not stop a handful of wealthy individuals from flying up to Canada to bag a ‘‘trophy’’ polar bear for their collection back home, even though they were warned that U.S. law would prohibit the importation of skins, heads and other products from the bears they were hunting. Those trophy hunters have in the past managed to secure an exemption from Con-gress, allowing some of the trophy bears to enter the United States. Now the trophy hunters and their friends in D.C. are at it again. Last week, Rep. Don Young (R–AK) introduced a new bill in the house, ‘‘To amend the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act of 1972 to allow the importation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada.’’ On the Senate side, Mike Crapo (R–ID) of-fered a similar though slightly more restric-tive bill, the ‘‘Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act of 2013.’’ The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 outlawed the sport hunting of all polar bears in the United States and banned the import of any marine mammal product into the country. But in 1994, well-funded hunting interests convinced Congress to amend the act, allow-ing in a limited number of bears from trophy hunts, but only if the animal came from a designated population that could withstand the loss. Then, in January 2007, the Fish and Wild-life Service (FWS) issued a proposed rule to list the polar bear as ‘‘threatened’’ on the endangered species list, which meant no bears from any populations could be im-ported. FWS had until January 2008 to issue its final ruling. But the deadline came and went and there was still no listing of the bears. A federal court intervened, ordering the agency to publish the rule by May 15, 2008, adding that the new rule would take effect imme-diately. By law, then, no polar bear killed from any population could be imported after May 15, 2008, into the U.S., regardless of when the permit had been issued. Trophy hunters were given repeated warn-ings from hunting organizations and govern-ment agencies that trophy bears killed in 2008 would not be allowed into the United States: They were hunting at their own risk. Even pro-trophy-hunting groups such as Conservation Force issued repeated and dire warnings to its members, including one in a December 2007 newsletter that stated, ‘‘American hunters are asking us whether they should even look at polar bear hunts in light of the current effort by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service to list this species as threat-ened; [t]he bottom line is, no American hun-ter should be putting hard, non-returnable money down on a polar bear hunt at this point.’’ And, the newsletter continued, ‘‘We feel compelled to tell you that American trophy hunters are likely to be barred from import-ing bears they take this season. Moreover, there is a chance that bears taken previous to this season may be barred as well. Amer-ican clients with polar bear trophies still in Canada or Nunavut need to get those bears home.’’ The warning was not heeded by everyone. At least 40 Canadian polar bears were killed by U.S. trophy hunters from March until May of 2008—when they were cautioned that the Endangered Species Act would be in ef-fect, disallowing any imports of trophy polar bears. Now, those polar bear carcasses are col-lecting dust in refrigerated storage in Can-ada at great cost to the hunters, who des-perately want to bring their trophies back stateside. ‘‘We are disheartened to see this type of legislation introduced in Congress. We have seen it time and time again,’’ says Lena Spadacene, policy manager for wildlife pro-tection at the Humane Society of the United States, which has spearheaded the fight against importing polar bear products. A similar bill was introduced in the last session of Congress, Spadacene said, but was defeated by a coalition of conservation groups. ‘‘We worked diligently on that issue and pulled together one of the most com-prehensive reports on trophy hunting and ex-emptions,’’ she says. ‘‘The law should be consistently applied, and we should not have a special carve-out for a few trophy hunters who shot polar bears in Canada, knowing full well that they may not be able to import the trophies under U.S. law,’’ the report stated. ‘‘While some argue this is just a small number of trophies, it encourages hunters to continue killing protected species in other countries, store the trophies in warehouses, and simply wait for their allies in Congress to get them a waiver on the imports,’’ the re-port said. ‘‘It sets a dangerous precedent, and encourages more killing of threatened species and protected marine mammals, which flies in the face of the Endangered Species Act and Marine Mammal Protection Act.’’ ‘‘We don’t want to reward bad behavior.’’ Spadacene says. When the trophy hunters learned that polar bears would be listed as threatened, ‘‘they rushed to Canada to bag themselves a trophy, but some of them did not make it in time. Now they are paying money every month for refrigeration until they can lobby their friends in Congress.’’ It’s a worrying pattern, Spadacene says, and it could easily affect other species in the future. Once it becomes known that a species is about to be put on the endangered list, it motivates some hunters to go out and kill while they still can. And if they miss the deadline, then they hope they can just win an exemption from Washington. ‘‘Passing this legislation now is only going to entice and incentivize the bad behavior even more,’’ Spadacene says. She adds, ‘‘Whenever our elected officials grant special exemptions for trophy hunting, it undermines conservation policy. Shooting an iconic species for display or bragging rights and then crying to Congress for a bail-out is simply bad form and should not be tol-erated.’’ Spadacene explains the trophy hunters ‘‘were warned of the law and they shot polar bears anyway. If we allow this exemption to happen, we can predict it will happen again with other species, or potentially with polar bears again.’’ Then there is the question of priorities in Congress. With so many problems vexing the country, is the fate of 40 dead bears really so important that Capitol Hill should vote on this bill? ‘‘The last session was what many consid-ered to be the most ineffective and incom-petent legislature in the history of democ-racy, exactly because they were working on legislation like this,’’ Spadacene says. ‘‘It’s this kind of special-interest legislation that makes Americans frustrated with Congress. It’s so self-serving for a small group of wealthy trophy hunters, and does nothing for the American people or conservation.’’ Judd Deere, a spokesman for Senator C
RAPO , has the opposite take on the matter. ‘‘There is nothing more frustrating for the American people than regulations that make no sense,’’ Deere says. ‘‘It’s frustrating for these hunters, and it’s unfortunately requir-ing Congress to act. This legislation was a commitment that my boss made in the last Congress. We got really close last time. I hope we can get it done this time.’’ It is sure to be a bitter battle. The polar bear legislation ‘‘is being cast as a private relief measure to help a few hunt-ers bring in a handful of personal trophies,’’ the HSUS report said. ‘‘But in reality it would provide incentive for still more killing of polar bears in Canada, by providing more hope to would-be bear slayers they can con-vince Congress to amend the law just one more time.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, scientists estimate, as I indicated, that we may lose two-thirds of the polar bear population by 2050. Therefore, we, as custodians of these very precious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.020 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H967 February 26, 2016 
animals, should do all that we can to protect a vanishing species from ex-tinction instead of incentivizing trophy hunters to kill as many as possible in advance of pending ESA listings. This is a critical measure to assure the long-term viability of imperiled ani-mals. Let me also cite for the record that the appeals court upholds Endangered Species Act protections for polar bears. Let me suggest to my colleagues that we saw an unfortunate circumstance just a few months ago when Cecil the lion was killed out of mistake or I don’t know what, but this giant of an animal, this reflection of the idea of the importance of the animal kingdom, was killed. I introduced H.R. 3448, Cecil the Lion Endangered and Threatened Species Act. It is similar to the amendment I have today. I ask my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. Chair, let me express my appreciation to Chairman B
ISHOP and Ranking Member G RI-
JALVA for their leadership and commitment to working to maintain and preserve America’s natural resources and wildlife habitat. I also wish to thank Chairman S
ESSIONS , Ranking Member S
LAUGHTER , and members of the Rules Committee for making in order Jack-son Lee Amendment No. 3. Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3 is an impor-tant revision to the SHARE Act because it serves to preserve the original intent of Con-gress under the Marine Mammal Protection Act, as well as the Endangered Species Act. Specifically, the Jackson Lee Amendment strikes Title III of the underlying bill that cre-ates a loophole in the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act which would allow a handful of hunt-ers to import polar bear trophies into the United States in contravention of current law. While H.R. 2406 purports to enhance rec-reational outdoor opportunities and does in fact have some favorable provisions, Title III, as well as many other harmful provisions make clear, that this legislation would in reality jeopardize already fragile ecosystems and negatively impact animal welfare and wildlife. As a longstanding member of the Congres-sional Animal Rights Caucus and champion of wildlife preservation and protection of animals, I am deeply concerned about the harmful pro-visions of H.R. 2406 and the impact this legis-lation will have on endangered and threatened populations. Title III of the SHARE Act is particularly con-cerning, because it creates a loophole in the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) allow-ing for a special class of hunters to import polar bear trophies into the United States in contravention of the law. The MMPA was set up because it was rec-ognized that many marine mammal stocks, in-cluding polar bears, were in danger of becom-ing endangered or extinct. The sole, most important, objective of the MMPA is to help maintain the health and sta-bility of the ecosystem. The polar bears for which these hunters seek permits for were hunted in Canada after the species was proposed for listing as threat-ened under the Endangered Species Act and was done so with full knowledge and warning that U.S. law would prohibit their eventual im-portation. Enacting Title III of the SHARE Act would threaten this imperiled species by encouraging hunters to race for trophies the moment a spe-cies is considered for listing under the Endan-gered Species Act, store them abroad and then seek waivers from Congress to import their trophies later. Granting such a waiver sets a dangerous precedent and sends signals to trophy hunters that they can flout the law—effectively reward-ing hunters who raced to kill polar bears for trophies before their listing under the Endan-gered Species Act. Alternately, removal of this language will help ensure that hunters are not encouraged to seek bad faith waivers from Congress to import threatened and endangered species at a later time. These bears were knowingly hunted in Can-ada after the species was proposed for listing as threatened under the Endangered Species Act. The survival and protection of the polar bear habitat is an urgent issue for wildlife experts and those who treasure our natural habitat. H.R. 2406, as it stands, is opposed by vir-tually every leading environmental organiza-tion in the nation. The Humane Society of the United States, the Humane Society Legislative Fund, and the Humane Society International, as well as sev-eral others including the Animal Welfare Insti-tute, Center for Biological Diversity, and Born Free USA have all submitted letters in strong support my Jackson Lee Amendment as a necessary provision to provide real protections for endangered and threatened species. Earlier this year, I also introduced H.R. 3448, the Cecil the Lion Endangered and Threatened Species Act in response to the tragic killing of Cecil the Lion and the imper-meable need for greater protections to shield all threatened and endangered species from trophy-hunting. You have no doubt heard about the recent tragic illegal killing of Cecil the Lion, a 13- year-old lion, dominant male of his pride, and one of Zimbabwe’s most beloved symbols of wildlife and important driver of tourism. The hunter, along with hired professionals, lured Cecil out of Hwange National Park and shot him, allegedly without a permit, and col-lected the head and skin. Beyond Cecil, over two thirds of the world’s cat species are recognized as species in need of protection under federal or international law. My legislation to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973, would prohibit the taking and transportation of any endangered or threatened species as a trophy into the United States. Currently, the Endangered Species Act (ESA) does not protect the vast majority of wild animals killed and imported by American hunters. While the ESA allows for the importation of endangered and threatened species for sci-entific research, propagation or survival of the species, hunters are abusing this limited ex-ception to murder and transport protected wildlife for sport. As a result of the ESA loophole, tens of thousands of wild animals are killed every year by American trophy hunters and trans-ported into the United States. In particular, Africa’s lion population has de-clined 90 percent in the past 75 years. The conservation of rare and threatened species is critically important to the sustain-ability of our ecosystem and wildlife as we know it. Polar bears, like African lions, currently face unprecedented threats by humans on two fronts: sport hunting and loss of habitat. The polar bear and African lion are vulner-able species sitting at the top of the food chain. The health of these animals is an indi-cator and foundation for the health of the eco-system as a whole, and by protecting the sus-tainability of these specific umbrella species, we can have tremendous impacts on entire ecosystems. The International Union of Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has ‘‘Red Listed’’ polar bears as a ‘‘Vulnerable’’ species—thus, meeting cri-teria as a threatened species facing a high risk of extinction in the wild. While Canada is the only country that allows for sport hunting of polar bears, it is unfortu-nate that what was once a necessity of life for indigenous Inuit communities in Canada, kill-ing polar bears has now become a bloody sport for profit and prestige. It is estimated there are 20,000–25,000 polar bears left in the wild a number that has only been sustainable through federal protec-tion. Mr. Chairman, the SHARE Act of 2015, if enacted would continue to threaten the sus-tainability of one our most vulnerable species as well as the critical preservation of our wild-life. Scaling back protections on vulnerable and threatened species in the face of legislation aimed to do otherwise will have substantial adverse impacts on wildlife and conservation efforts, as well as policy implications reward-ing those who failed to comply with federal law. We simply cannot afford to let threatened and endangered species die needlessly for sport or profit. The Jackson Lee Amendment would protect polar bears while at the same time preserving Congress’s intent under the Marine Mammal Protection Act and the Endangered Species Act. I urge all members to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to reiterate something that Mr. Y
OUNG said. There is a thousand- dollar importation fee that is assessed on all 41 of those trophies. Those dol-lars go to polar bear conservation and research. So we are looking to use these efforts to continue the promulga-tion of this species. We want to make sure polar bear populations continue to grow. Hunters provide, I believe, the larg-est measure of conservation of any group out there that is looking to pre-serve polar bears. It is in everyone’s in-terest to make sure these things hap-pen. We have a number of groups out there that are in support of this bill: the Congressional Sportsmen’s Founda-tion, the National Rifle Association, the National Shooting Sports Founda-tion, Safari Club International, and the Boone and Crockett Club. All those or-ganizations are deeply committed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.013 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH968 February 26, 2016 
making sure that we continue and grow these species. We want to make sure we understand that, but hunters are the best con-servationists on the planet because they are involved in making sure the species continue. They use their re-sources to put into species continu-ation. They want to make sure these species are properly managed and that we have good science in managing those species. I believe that this is what we want. We want to make sure that we are encouraging that. This amendment does not allow us to do that. It strikes those provisions. I would strongly urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, there are a litany of organizations that are supporting this amendment: the League of Conservation Voters, the Alaskan Wilderness League, Animal Welfare League, Born Free USA. With respect to lions, let me recite that over the last 75 years, we have lost 90 percent of African lions because we did not have the restraints. I would make the argument that we should not do that in this case. When we let go and let free, we will find out that they will go beyond the 41. They will be calling after polar bears for trophies. We need to ban this in our legislation to ensure the protec-tion of all of those. Let me ask my colleagues to take into consideration the importance of our responsibilities of preservation. Trophies? Money? I can assure you that there are a bounty of humane organizations that will provide any amount of dollars to do the research that is necessary to protect this vulnerable population. They are listed on the Endangered Spe-cies Act. They are vulnerable. These trophies should not be an indi-cation to the American people that they can bring in polar bears—who may themselves become extinct—be-cause we believe that trophies are more important than studying the species and growing the species to the extent that scientists and others can restrain them and make sure that we do have a population within the realm and reason of supporting the ecosystem that we need. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would reiterate polar bears are not en-dangered. They are not on the endan-gered species list. I want to remind folks, too, these 41 trophies were harvested in Canada. Canada has a world-class management program for polar bears. They have used the best science. Remember, these polar bears were taken in 2008, based upon the science Canada was using to manage the pro-gram. The polar bears in Canada, both at the time and now, are increasing in population. Canada does a great job in managing this. This is just a situation where polar bears legally harvested under the best management programs available should be allowed to come back into the United States. I would encourage my colleagues to vote against this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Mrs. B
USTOS ), I offer amendment No. 4. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 20, line 19, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 20, line 21, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. Page 20, after line 21, insert the following: ‘‘(viii) Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration or designated represent-ative. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . 
COSTA  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 4 be printed in House Report 114–429 and be modified in the form that I have placed at the desk. The Clerk will report the modifica-tion. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment offered by Mr. C
OSTA : 
Page 19, line 24, strike ‘‘7’’ and insert ‘‘8’’. Page 20, line 19, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 20, line 21, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. Page 20, after line 21, insert the following: ‘‘(viii) Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration or designated represent-ative. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, Rep-resentative BUSTOS and I would like to thank Congressmen B
EYER and W ITT-
MAN and the Rules Committee for al-lowing us to present this amendment on the floor. This amendment would help ensure that the interests of small businesses that rely on wildlife conservation and recreational hunting continue to thrive. As established by this bill, the Wild-life and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council Advisory Committee’s duties would include advising the Secretaries of Interior and Agriculture on policies and programs that help increase the participation in hunting and wildlife conservation activities and promote awareness of the importance of both wildlife conservation and the economic benefits of recreational hunting. There is no question that rec-reational hunting has economic bene-fits. In 2011, hunters put $38.3 billion into our economy. The small busi-nesses across the country that cater to the needs of these hunters and wildlife watchers—be they stores, hotels, trail guides—are bedrocks of our local economies that are near our public lands. We know that. b0945 As is, however, none of the govern-mental bodies set to serve on this advi-sory committee that is being proposed as a part of this legislation represent the perspective or the needs of these small businesses. Small businesses are the economic engine that is driving our economy. We know that. It has been that way for years. They should not be left behind or be left out of this. This amendment would simply add the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration to be listed as an ex-officio member of this advisory committee. Having a representative from the Small Business Administration or their designee will strengthen the voice of small businesses that rely on tourism associated with hunting or shooting or sports or recreational or wildlife ac-tivities that this legislation intends to promote. So my colleague, Representative B
USTOS , and I ask that you join us in supporting this small-business amend-ment ensuring that they have a seat at the table by supporting this effort. Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–429. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.014 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H969 February 26, 2016 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 49, line 20, after the period, insert ‘‘Such closures shall be clearly marked with signs and dates of closures, and shall not in-clude gates, chains, walls, or other barriers on the hunter access corridor.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in support of the nu-merous hunters in my district who have called me, very frustrated, every hunting season that the National For-est Service, with no cause, no ration-ale, and no reason, closes down their access to hunt in the Mark Twain Na-tional Forest. With gates, locks and chains, they limit the residents of cen-tral and southeast Missouri. I have been contacted by numerous folks in my district about not having proper postings of corridors within the National Park System whenever they decide to change its random gates. What this amendment would do is it would require the National Forest Service to publish signs of any hunting corridors that they decide to close. I yield to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to state that we support this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–429. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 59, line 10, strike ‘‘ OFFICER ’’ and in- sert ‘‘
OFFICERS ’’. Page 59, beginning at line 16, strike ‘‘
OFFI -
CER’’ and insert ‘‘ OFFICERS ’’. Page 59, line 20, strike ‘‘one’’. Page 59, line 21, strike ‘‘officer’’ and insert ‘‘officers’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would allow U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service law enforcement offi-cers to be placed in diplomatic posts abroad in an effort to combat the ille-gal killing of African elephants. Honestly, this is an activity in which the Fish and Wildlife Service already engages. What the underlying bill does in section 1004, however, which I think is commendable, is explicitly author-izes this activity in law for the first time. Unfortunately, I feel the authoriza-tion is overly narrow because it allows only one FWS officer to be placed in a single country at a time. I think this was likely a drafting oversight and simply wish to allow more than one FWS officer to be assigned to a foreign country at a time. Let me be clear. This amendment does not mandate that multiple offi-cers be sent abroad. It does not author-ize any additional funds for these ac-tivities. It does not require an increase in any way on the number of FWS offi-cers placed abroad. It simply allows more than one FWS officer to be placed in a single country at any given time. In reality, this amendment could, should we wish it, result in a net de-crease in the number of FWS law en-forcement agents placed abroad, result-ing in lowered costs to the U.S. Gov-ernment for these activities. Imagine a scenario in which elephant poaching and ivory trafficking was running rampant in 20 different nations and we wished to assist in the com-bating of these activities by leveraging the expertise and experience of U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service officers. As written, we would only be allowed to place one officer in each country, for a total of 20 total officers deployed internationally. What if the Secretary of the Interior determined, however, that formulating a task force of five specialists, who would be deployed jointly, as needed, would be the best possible course of ac-tion to combat the poaching of African elephants? As written, the SHARE Act would force this task force to be split up and housed in five different African na-tions. The amendment before us, how-ever, would permit the entire task force to be housed under one roof. At the end of the day, housing the en-tire task force in a single location could be much more effective strategi-cally and could result in significant savings to the U.S. Government if it is housed in the nation with the lowest cost of living. Mr. Chair, no matter how one may feel about the broader bill before us, I feel that section 1004 of the bill is a worthwhile section. I hope you will support my amendment seeking to im-prove it. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title X add the following: 
SEC. ll GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE STUDY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct a study examining the effects of a ban of the trade in of fossilized ivory from mammoths and mastodons on the illegal importation and trade of African and Asian elephant ivory within the United States, with the ex-ception of importation or trade thereof re-lated to museum exhibitions or scientific re-search, and report to Congress the findings of such study. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, today I am offering an amendment to the SHARE Act to direct the Government Accountability Office to delve deeper into an important issue, and that is the ivory trade, which has sparked inter-national concern. Last year my home State of Cali-fornia became the third State in the country to approve tougher restric-tions on the intrastate ivory trade, joining New York and New Jersey in that regard. The new California law, AB 96, closes a loophole that had allowed the import of ivory harvested from animals killed before 1977. Now, this loophole made a ban of the import of elephant ivory nearly impos-sible to enforce because distinguishing between pre- and post-1977 ivory prod-ucts would require very expensive iso-tope testing. The California law also included a ban on the growing trade in mammoth ivory—this is ivory discovered in Sibe-ria and elsewhere—ironically made easier because of warming weather and melting tundra due to the impacts of climate change. There is growing concern that Chi-nese ivory traders are passing off ille-gal elephant tusks as mammoth ivory in order to avoid international ele-phant ivory bans. But distinguishing between mam-moth ivory and elephant ivory requires technical testing, which makes, again, enforcement of an elephant ivory ban very difficult unless the mammoth ivory trade is also addressed. Now, some argue that, despite this difficulty, legal mammoth ivory can reduce the market for illegal elephant ivory. Although I don’t agree with that, I do understand the concerns. That is why, with this amendment, we are simply asking the GAO to study 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.019 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH970 February 26, 2016 
the issue, to look at what various ex-perts have to say, and give us some ad-vice. To make smart policy decisions, we need that kind of information on how a ban on the trade of fossilized ivory from mammoths would affect the ille-gal importation and trade of elephant ivory within the United States. So I respectfully request your sup-port of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I would request an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Beginning at page 69, line 1, strike title XIV. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, title XIV of this bill would give States and terri-tories the authority to override Fed-eral fishing rules in coastal waters of national parks, national marine sanc-tuaries, and some marine national monuments. This is simply not right. Places like Biscayne National Park, Hawaiian Islands Humpback Whale Na-tional Marine Sanctuary, and Rose Atoll Marine National Monument be-long to all Americans, not just to the fishing interests in Florida, Hawaii, and American Samoa. Protection of these special ocean places has overwhelming public sup-port and is recognized by the scientific community as critical to making fish-eries more productive. What is more, most of these areas do not even preclude fishing. California’s national marine sanctuaries generate more than $140 million a year in eco-nomic impact from commercial fishing. Recreational anglers spend more than $100 million a year on fishing in the Florida Keys. I attended the public hearing in Homestead, Florida, last year on clos-ing a very small part—less than 6 per-cent—of Biscayne National Bay for a marine national monument simply to bring the fish back, many fish that fishermen there hadn’t seen in years. But fishing is not the only important use of these waters. Whale watching, snorkeling, scuba diving, and scientific research all generate enormous bene-fits, not to mention the impact that protecting coral reefs and other diverse productive habitats has on stabilizing our oceans and our fisheries in the face of global warming. Sometimes it is necessary to protect certain areas of the ocean, particularly those that have been over-fished in the past or are particularly sensitive to fishing impacts, if we want to support a wide variety of uses and keep our oceans healthy. Science shows that this benefits fishermen in the long run as well. My amendment is simple. It strikes title XIV of H.R. 2406 and leaves fishery management decisions in the waters of marine parks, sanctuaries, and monu-ments up to the Federal agencies charged with managing these resources in trust for all Americans. We would never think of allowing Wyoming to set hunting rules for Yel-lowstone, but without this amendment, this bill would allow the same thing to happen for our ocean parks that are every bit as magnificent. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. b1000 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, yesterday I noted that one of our prin-cipal objectives of the Federal lands policy must be to restore the Federal Government as a good neighbor to the communities impacted by the Federal lands. Gifford Pinchot, the founder of the Forest Service, advised his foresters to find out in advance what the public will stand for. If it is right and they won’t stand for it, postpone action and educate them. That is essentially what this bill does. It says that the Federal Govern-ment needs to listen to States and ter-ritories before imposing fishing regula-tions in State waters. This amendment would strip this lan-guage and say, in effect: We don’t care what local communities think. We know what is best. It speaks volumes about why States and communities are openly revolting against Federal lands policy. Pinchot also advised us to get rid of an attitude of personal arrogance or pride of attainment of superior knowl-edge. I would commend that advice to the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, with re-spect to my colleague and friend from California, I don’t think that is the way the system works. In fact, right now fishing limitations are developed in coordination with their respective States and territories. They are just not given final, blanket veto power. The Park Service and the States benefit from cooperative fish-eries research and management and full participation. My only personal ex-perience is with the Biscayne Bay where there were many, many public hearings. The public was fully in-volved. The fishermen, pro and con, were fully involved in it. The idea is not to eliminate the close coordination of partnership with the States and with the territories, but, rather, to avoid giving the States and territories the ultimate veto power over what essentially are national deci-sions. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ). Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this amendment. Now, we know the Natural Resources Committee is a rowdy one to manage, with lots of difficult decisions and in-flamed passions. But I thank Chairman B
ISHOP and the great subcommittee chairmen and all of the members for doing a great job in ensuring that the American people are the ultimate beneficiaries of our amazing public lands and waters. This title XIV language that would be stripped out of the underlying bill by this amendment was taken from my bill, the Preserving Public Access to Public Waters Act, which has 36 bipar-tisan cosponsors, including nearly two- thirds of the Florida delegation. Floridians understand the impor-tance of balancing environmental, rec-reational, and economic considerations along our coast because our State is the fishing capital of the world. With that balance in mind, we worked to carefully develop and tailor this language so that it would only apply to a very small area of near- shore waters with deep importance to fishermen. My colleague and this amendment’s sponsor himself said in the committee markup that the National Park Service and the National Marine Sanctuaries cover a negligible percentage of waters within traditional State jurisdiction. He is right that we are talking about a relatively small area, but these waters have outsized importance to the folks living in nearby communities. In my district, the National Park Service is attempting to close over 30 percent of Biscayne National Park’s reefs to fishing in perpetuity as part of its new general management plan and in opposition to the scientific and man-agement expertise of the FWC, Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Com-mission. FWC has worked for over a decade to develop mutually agreeable and sci-entifically supported fishing restric-tions that stop short of a full closure in these waters, but the National Park Service has completely disregarded the State’s authority to manage its own fishing resources in Biscayne National Park. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.024 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H971 February 26, 2016 
Rather than work with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Com-mittee, what did the National Park Service do? It decided to abdicate its responsibility to the American public to try to balance environmental, rec-reational, and economic consider-ations. Instead, the National Park Service kowtowed to the whims of a single spe-cial interest group that bankrolled tens of thousands of form letters from across the country to hijack the public comment section in favor of closing fishing access to State waters upon which local fishermen depend. That is not the proper use of the pub-lic comment process. It is not in the best interests of south Floridians. It is not in the best interests of the Amer-ican people. It is not reflective of how we should manage public waters. Let me be clear. The title XIV lan-guage in this bill is narrowly targeted. It is simply to keep States involved in the management of their own waters. It does not apply in any way to Federal waters. This language is not anti-envi-ronment. It does not roll back any ex-isting environmental protections nor fishing regulations currently enshrined in law. Without keeping this language in the bill, Mr. Chairman, the example that the National Park Service is setting in Biscayne National Park will create a terrible precedent for other State and territorial waters in similar cir-cumstances. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge all of our colleagues to oppose this harmful amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The gentleman from Virginia has 2
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in response and with respect to my friend, the representa-tive from Florida, Biscayne Bay Na-tional Park is 164,800 acres. These are Federal lands. This is a national park, Federal waters. She mentioned that only they are going to close 30 percent of the reefs. It is very important to note that the reef that existed 100 years ago is down to only 6 percent that is left. So the 30 percent that is going to be closed is 2 percent of the original reef. The whole purpose is to actually serve that special interest, the fishing interest of Florida, who desperately need the revival of the fish. We found at the public hearing that at least half of the fishermen there were for closing it, and all the fisher-men pointed out that the water was so far away, it was rarely fished at all. The worry was the precedent, not the specific part that is closed. We point out that Biscayne Bay itself is only less than 2 percent—1.4 per-cent—of all Florida’s waters. So this is a very tiny part. But the point here is not for any special interest, but to re-vise, because study after study after study have shown that where these ma-rine sanctuaries are created, the fish recover much faster even than sci-entists expected. This is for the long-term benefit of the fishing community, for anglers throughout the world, especially serv-ing the larger interests of the Amer-ican public. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important amendment. We resist giving veto power over Federal decisions to State governments and territorial govern-ments. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 71, Line 13, insert ‘‘the Mark Twain National Forest in the State of Missouri,’’ after ‘‘Mississippi,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, the great outdoors and hunting traditions of the United States are a way of life for folks all over our great country. Throughout our history, they have been championed by Presidents George Washington, Dwight Eisenhower, and Teddy Roosevelt, who established na-tional forests, game preserves, and na-tional parks. The SHARE Act con-tinues these great traditions. My amendment, which adds Mark Twain National Forest to the list of forests provided in the section, assures the residents of Missouri that no exec-utive order, no executive action, or no bureaucrat sitting in Washington, D.C., who has never set foot on Mark Twain National Forest will write a rule inhib-iting the ability to hunt or fish in our national forests. This amendment secures our freedom to be avid sportsmen. Folks in Missouri don’t want an overzealous administra-tion to be able to come in and dictate to the hunters and anglers of Missouri by executive fiat. Over 1.3 million Missourians hunt or fish, and many go to the Mark Twain National Forest each year. It covers roughly 2,331 square miles, 1.5 million acres, most of which reside in Mis-souri’s Eighth Congressional District. I ask the body to support the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am opposing this amendment, first and foremost, be-cause it, like so many provisions al-ready in the bill, seeks to prevent U.S. public lands from being managed for the benefit of all Americans. National forests are lands of many uses, including hunting and fishing. But how those uses are balanced should be decided by expert land managers at the Forest Service through a process that is open to the public and con-sistent with our national conservation laws, not by a few well-connected hunt-ers and their allies in Congress. Furthermore, the practice that this section of the bill is trying to protect is using dogs to hunt deer. Not only is this an ethically questionable hunting tactic, it is wildly controversial in the States listed in this title as well as in my State of Virginia. Its opponents, Mr. Chairman, are not who you might think. These are not what was described yesterday as rad-ical leftists. In fact, it is the com-plaints from private landowners and not overbearing bureaucrats, not envi-ronmentalists, that led the Forest Service to ban deer hounding in Louisi-ana’s Kisatchie National Forest in 2012. Don’t take my word for it. A 2014 col-umn in Louisiana Sportsman stated: 
The boot that finally stamped the life out of deer hunting with dogs in Kisatchie Na-tional Forest was trespassing on private property . . . homeowners reported people standing on the public roads in front of their homes with guns, waiting for deer to appear. They reported dogs on their property some-times attacking their chickens or other live-stock. And, worst of all, the homeowners re-ported belligerent and insolent behavior by these people standing on the roads and enter-ing their property to retrieve their dogs. 
Missouri’s Mark Twain National For-est, the subject of this bill, was the scene of a major law enforcement ac-tion that found 46 people guilty of ille-gally hunting deer with dogs in 2013, this in spite of the fact that the prac-tice had already been banned in Mis-souri. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.027 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH972 February 26, 2016 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment that is a commonsense amendment that pre-vents discrimination against hunters on public Federal lands by preventing the Forest Service from creating their own hunting laws that are in conflict with State laws on neighboring State and privately owned lands. Mr. Chairman, for many people, the public lands on the national forests are the only place they have to hunt. There are many traditions and many different ways that people enjoy hunt-ing in the outdoors in my State as well as others. We already have similar language in the bill for national forests in Lou-isiana, Oklahoma, Mississippi, and Ar-kansas, and I support adding the Mark Twain National Forest in Missouri to this bill. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to emphasize that the Forest Service doesn’t prohibit hunting right now in the Mark Twain National For-est. It simply prohibits hunting deer with dogs. It does this because of complaints from private landowners, not from the environmentalists and not from bu-reaucrats. This is literally respect for the public input that comes from that. I continue to urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment is just a com-monsense amendment that adds the Mark Twain National Forest to the several other forests that are men-tioned in the four other States. I ask the body to support the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: After section 1502, insert the following: 
SEC. 1503. PUBLICATION OF CLOSURE OF ROADS IN FORESTS. 
The Chief of the Forest Service shall pub-lish a notice in the Federal Register for the closure of any public road on Forest System lands, along with a justification for the clo-sure. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. b1015 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 2406, the SHARE Act, and urge my colleagues to support its adoption. This amendment is very straight-forward. It simply requires the Forest Service to publish a notice in the Fed-eral Register along with a justification explaining the decision for the closure of any public road on Forest Service lands. Some of you may ask why this amendment is necessary, and that is understandable because, fortunately, many Americans have never had to deal with this issue. However, in my district in the Pacific Northwest and in many Federal forests across the coun-try, many people have faced the reality that a public road that they have used for decades is suddenly closed. When I say ‘‘closed,’’ if I could refer your at-tention to this photograph, there is a picture indicating that a road is no longer even available for use. It is not just a chain going across the road. However, the reality is far worse. When the Forest Service closes many of these public roads, they do so by pil-ing gravel, downing trees, or both, in order to block access. At other times, they create what are called tank traps, essentially large ditches dug into the ground that makes passage impossible. Furthermore, these practices create impediments that not only block human access but can also restrict the movement of wildlife in our national forests. This has become a serious issue in central Washington. For many people who use these roads, it can have detri-mental impacts on their everyday lives, whether by making their daily travel much longer or by restricting access to campsites or treasured areas in our national forests. Some of these roads have been in use for 70 or 80 years, with generations of Washingtonians using them for forest access and recreation. Yet, in most cases, the Forest Service has closed them without even first notifying local residents and the surrounding commu-nities. Mr. Chairman, I believe the first indi-cation of a public road being closed should not come when an individual or a family is faced with an impassable roadway, but rather through adequate public notice from the Forest Service. That is why I have introduced this amendment today. Just to be clear, my amendment sim-ply requires the Forest Service to pro-vide notification when closing a public road on Forest Service land as well as justification for such a decision. This is an important first step in ensuring that rural communities and residents are given proper warning and advance notice when a public roadway will sud-denly be blocked and access to a Fed-eral forest area will no longer be avail-able. Local residents and communities de-serve to know when such an action is taking place and whether forest action will be denied. This amendment will guarantee the Forest Service is being transparent in future decisions and clo-sures. Mr. WITTMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gen-tleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. N
EWHOUSE for yielding. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, rural communities deserve better from their government. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gen-tleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I want to compliment Mr. N
EWHOUSE on introducing this amend-ment. These roads were built with taxpayer dollars, yet the Forest Service arbi-trarily goes in and shuts those roads down so people don’t have access to them. We have the same problem in our for-ests in Alaska: no notification, and then they will spend millions of dollars closing down a road that the public had access to. Their excuse is: well, it is our land. We don’t have to worry about other people using this road now, so we will just isolate everybody from it. So I compliment the gentleman for the introduction of his amendment. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the comments from the good gentleman from Alaska. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in ambivalent opposition to my friend’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, first, I want to let Representative N
EWHOUSE  know I completely appreciate the di-lemma that he is in and appreciate the motivation for this amendment. My one concern is that it will require the chief of the Forest Service to pub-lish notice in the Federal Register, along with a justification, any time a national Forest Service road is closed, and there may be some unintended con-sequences which we should at least think about. For example, the amendment will re-quire the Forest Service to publish the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.029 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H973 February 26, 2016 
Federal Register notice to close a road that is being engulfed by wildfire, or a road that is covered with debris after a tornado or in jeopardy of being swept away after a landslide, a power line down on the road, or even one that is closed to prevent militants from com-ing and going, as we have recently seen. I certainly am sympathetic to the idea that there should be a justifica-tion for anything that closes a public road that people have used for many, many years, but I also don’t want to hamstring them from closing roads that are necessary for the public safe-ty. I tepidly encourage a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I would only say that since this is a bill, the SHARE Act, about public access, about use of our treasures, our national forests and public lands, all we are ask-ing from the Forest Service is a little bit of transparency, notice so that peo-ple aren’t caught off guard. Certainly there are extenuating circumstances where notice, if there is a downed power line or debris is in the middle of a road that makes it impassable, it seems to me that is a time when notice is even more necessary and imperative for the public good. I appreciate the gentleman’s com-ments, but would still urge my col-leagues to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . FLEMING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE XVII—UTILITY TERRAIN VEHICLES 
SEC. 1701. UTILITY TERRAIN VEHICLES IN KISATCHIE NATIONAL FOREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Forest Administrator shall amend the applicable travel plan to allow utility terrain vehicles access on all roads nominated by the Secretary of Lou-isiana Wildlife and Fisheries in the Kisatchie National Forest, except when such designa-tion would pose an unacceptable safety risk, in which case the Forest Administrator shall publish a notice in the Federal Register with a justification for the closure. (b) U
TILITY TERRAIN VEHICLES DEFINED .— For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘util-ity terrain vehicle’’— (1) means any recreational motor vehicle designed for and capable of travel over des-ignated roads, traveling on four or more tires with a maximum tire width of 27 inches, a maximum wheel cleat or lug of 
3⁄4of an inch, a minimum width of 50 inches but not exceeding 74 inches, a minimum weight of at least 700 pounds but not exceeding 2,000 pounds, and a minimum wheelbase of 61 inches but not exceeding 110 inches; (2) includes vehicles not equipped with a certification label as required by part 567.4 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and (3) does not include golf carts, vehicles spe-cially designed to carry a disabled person, or vehicles otherwise registered under section 32.299 of the Louisiana State statutes. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. F
LEMING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 2406, the SHARE Act, which would allow hunters better access to and from hunting areas in the Kisatchie Na-tional Forest in northern Louisiana. The Louisiana Legislature passed House Bill 581 by Louisiana Represent-ative James Armes in 2015. This new State law would allow municipalities to designate certain local roads for use by utility terrain vehicles, also known as UTVs or side-by-sides. These are not to be confused with ATVs, or all-ter-rain vehicles. They are larger, weigh more, seat multiple passengers, and are often equipped with safety features like roll cages, seatbelts, and enclosed cabs. My amendment would build on the Louisiana law to allow seamless access from these designated local roads into hunting areas within Kisatchie Na-tional Forest. The size of these vehicles makes them more difficult to transport when compared with ATVs. The ever- increasing list of features for UTVs makes them very attractive to hunters in order to recover game and transport supplies and equipment. This amendment would allow the Secretary of the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to nominate roads that would be opened in the Kisatchie Forest travel plan, unless the Chief of the Forest Service determined that such an opening would pose an un-acceptable safety risk. If so, the Forest Service would have to publish a jus-tification in the Federal Register as to why the road could not be opened. I believe my amendment strikes the right balance of public safety and hun-ter access, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ), my good friend. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend, Dr. F
LEMING , for introducing this very important amendment. He and I both know that hunting is a major part of Louisiana’s heritage and culture. In Louisiana, hunters themselves are usually the best steward of our environment. This amendment would give author-ity to the Secretary of the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to nominate roads that could be open for utility terrain vehicles in the Kisatchie National Forest. Like Dr. F
LEMING said, these vehicles have a minimum footprint and are much safer than our traditional ATVs. They are often used by hunters to re-cover game and carry supplies and equipment in and out. For far too long, they have been prohibited from sharing municipal roads with other users. Dr. FLEMING ’s amendment would sim-ply make Federal law more consistent with existing State laws of Louisiana where these UTVs are commonly used in a safe and responsible manner. This would allow hunters greater access to roads within the Kisatchie Forest trav-el plan. If the Chief of the Forest Service de-termined that opening a road to UTVs would pose an unacceptable safety risk, then they would have the authority to override this nomination. However, they would be required to publish their justification in the Federal Register. This is important to ensure trans-parency and accountability in the Fed-eral decisionmaking process. The Kisatchie National Forest is one of Louisiana’s national treasures. The citizens of Louisiana should not be un-necessarily limited in how they can use this beautiful public space. I urge my colleagues to support Dr. F
LEMING ’s amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, it is dif-ficult to be debating two doctors on one amendment. I do think that one of the dilemmas here is that this amendment, like so much of H.R. 2406, the SHARE Act, continues the essential idea that we should be turning over decisions that have been made at the Federal Govern-ment level by the National Park Serv-ice, by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and by the Forest Service to State governments and even to local governments. This is not a debate on UTVs. I re-spect that automobiles and all kinds of transportation continue to evolve. Rather, it is the idea that we are set-ting a damaging precedent with regard to our conservation laws and regula-tions that again and again we are say-ing that, rather than taking a national perspective, we are turning to the local folks to decide what works best for the country. This amendment allows the State of Louisiana, not the Forest Service charged with managing the Kisatchie National Forest for the benefit of the American people, to determine where and whether it is permissible to chase down deer with motorized vehicles. These are thoughtful rules established through an open, public process. They seek to balance multiple uses and pre-vent abuses in our national forests. The fact that this amendment fo-cuses on off-road vehicles brings to mind the illegal 2014 ATV ride through Recapture Canyon in Utah. That is the last thing we want to happen in Kisatchie National Forest. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and the precedent that it would set. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.032 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH974 February 26, 2016 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Louisiana has 1
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to just say in rebuttal to my good friend that it is very inter-esting the radical environmental lobby wants to set aside the forest for the en-joyment of humans. The only problem is they cut off all access through their lobbying power by humans to this valu-able land, like Kisatchie National For-est. If we are going to have a national forest set side for the American people, let the American people enjoy it. As such, they can’t get in there without some type of vehicle. If they have game, they can’t get the game out un-less they have some type of vehicle. As for the Forest Service, yes, of course, the Forest Service opens for public comment, but they still do what they want to do anyway. That is the whole problem. It is time that we allow the Amer-ican people to step forward and speak in favor of their lifestyles, particularly the hunter lifestyle, the ‘‘Sportsman’s Paradise’’ lifestyle that we enjoy in Louisiana. Mr. WITTMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. FLEMING. I yield to the gen-tleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I would just simply like to close and say let’s think about the American people, and let’s give the American people ac-cess to the valuable and beautiful land that we have here in this Nation. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. F
LEMING ). The amendment was agreed to. b1030 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE XVII—INTERSTATE TRANSPOR-TATION OF FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION 
SEC. 1701. INTERSTATE TRANSPORTATION OF FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 926A of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 926A. Interstate transportation of firearms or ammunition ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding any provision of any law, rule, or regulation of a State or any po-litical subdivision thereof: ‘‘(1) A person who is not prohibited by this chapter from possessing, transporting, ship-ping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition shall be entitled to transport a firearm for any lawful purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or trans-port the firearm to any other such place if, during the transportation, the firearm is un-loaded, and— ‘‘(A) if the transportation is by motor vehi-cle, the firearm is not directly accessible from the passenger compartment of the vehi-cle, and, if the vehicle is without a compart-ment separate from the passenger compart-ment, the firearm is in a locked container other than the glove compartment or con-sole, or is secured by a secure gun storage or safety device; or ‘‘(B) if the transportation is by other means, the firearm is in a locked container or secured by a secure gun storage or safety device. ‘‘(2) A person who is not prohibited by this chapter from possessing, transporting, ship-ping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition shall be entitled to transport ammunition for any lawful purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the ammunition, to any other such place if, during the transportation, the am-munition is not loaded into a firearm, and— ‘‘(A) if the transportation is by motor vehi-cle, the ammunition is not directly acces-sible from the passenger compartment of the vehicle, and, if the vehicle is without a com-partment separate from the passenger com-partment, the ammunition is in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console; or ‘‘(B) if the transportation is by other means, the ammunition is in a locked con-tainer. ‘‘(b) In subsection (a), the term ‘transport’ includes staying in temporary lodging over-night, stopping for food, fuel, vehicle main-tenance, an emergency, medical treatment, and any other activity incidental to the transport, but does not include transpor-tation— ‘‘(1) with the intent to commit a crime punishable by imprisonment for a term ex-ceeding one year that involves the use or threatened use of force against another; or ‘‘(2) with knowledge, or reasonable cause to believe, that such a crime is to be com-mitted in the course of, or arising from, the transportation. ‘‘(c)(1) A person who is transporting a fire-arm or ammunition may not be arrested or otherwise detained for violation of any law or any rule or regulation of a State or any political subdivision thereof related to the possession, transportation, or carrying of firearms, unless there is probable cause to believe that the person is doing so in a man-ner not provided for in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) When a person asserts this section as a defense in a criminal proceeding, the pros-ecution shall bear the burden of proving, be-yond a reasonable doubt, that the conduct of the person did not satisfy the conditions set forth in subsection (a). ‘‘(3) When a person successfully asserts this section as a defense in a criminal pro-ceeding, the court shall award the prevailing defendant a reasonable attorney’s fee. ‘‘(d)(1) A person who is deprived of any right, privilege, or immunity secured by this section, section 926B or 926C, under color of any statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of any State or any political sub-division thereof, may bring an action in any appropriate court against any other person, including a State or political subdivision thereof, who causes the person to be subject to the deprivation, for damages and other ap-propriate relief. ‘‘(2) The court shall award a plaintiff pre-vailing in an action brought under paragraph (1) damages and such other relief as the court deems appropriate, including a reason-able attorney’s fee.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for such chapter is amended in the item relating to section 926A by striking ‘‘firearms’’ and inserting ‘‘firearms or am-munition’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, this is a civil liberties amendment. It clarifies and strengthens existing Federal law. The amendment is necessary, unfor-tunately, because while the underlying law protects a traveler who is trans-porting a firearm under the Federal regulations that the firearm has to be locked in a proper container and out of the reach of the person if he is in a car, et cetera, in one’s traveling from State A to State B, sometimes on the way from State A, where the gun is lawful, to State C, where the gun is lawful, one must pass through State B, where the gun may or may not be lawful. What we have found is that, notwith-standing the fact that it is lawful in State A and is lawful in State C and is protected by Federal law while being transported, some State and local gov-ernments have decided that they are not going to follow the Federal law, and they end up arresting the other-wise law-abiding traveler. We have ex-amples of this. It is not just that they are out and are necessarily looking for the traveler, but there are cir-cumstances that occur. One example that happens fairly fre-quently is that an airline passenger has done everything he is supposed to have done in that he has followed all of the security rules. Then, for reasons be-yond his control, his flight in State B is missed. So he has traveled lawfully and he has checked his gun lawfully, he has done everything he is supposed to have done, but when he gets to the lay-over terminal, his flight is either al-ready gone or it has been canceled. In one case in particular, the gen-tleman was told ‘‘you need to go a hotel. Take your bags. Come back the next morning.’’ When he went back the next morning, he was arrested by State law enforcement individuals because his gun was not legal, notwithstanding the fact that he had done everything he was supposed to have done. In another very tragic situation, a gentleman was traveling from New Jer-sey to South Carolina. He was a vet-eran, so he stopped off in Washington, D.C., at Walter Reed, to see one of his doctors. He was lawfully transporting the firearm under Federal law and he was arrested. Now, while most of these cases end up getting worked out either as a mis-demeanor or by some other arrange-ment, it is still a great impediment on the traveler to use the Federal law law-fully. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.034 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H975 February 26, 2016 
This amendment says if that hap-pens, if one is stopped by the State or the local government, that the pros-ecutor in that State or local area must prove his case beyond a reasonable doubt that this individual was not fol-lowing the Federal law. It sounds like a pretty reasonable American prin-ciple. If it is determined that the traveler was lawful and was actually arrested and has to go to court to defend him-self, the court will award attorneys’ fees to that individual. We are just trying to make him whole. We are not paying him for the time he served in jail. We are not pay-ing him for the fact that his vacation plans or his travel plans were dis-rupted. We are just saying that there ought to be something that tells the local and State governments that you ought not do this again or you are going to pay this gentleman or this gentlewoman her attorneys’ fees. To me, that is taking care of civil liberties and is making sure that the people who are following the law are not wrongfully arrested without their having any recourse. I see this as a civil liberties amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would weaken current law, undermine State laws concerning the carrying of firearms, and harm the ef-forts of law enforcement to take action against illegal firearms trafficking. Current law applies only to the transportation of a firearm in a motor vehicle. This bill would expand current law to allow a person to transport a gun outside a motor vehicle so long as the firearm is unloaded and locked in a container or is secured with a safety device. This would allow a person to walk down the street with an unloaded gun as long as the gun had a trigger lock on it, regardless of the State’s laws on carrying guns in public. This amendment would also allow guns on trains, cable cars, and trollies so long as the guns are unloaded and locked, regardless of State or local laws. This is because trains, cable cars, and trollies are not considered to be motor vehicles under the applicable Federal definition. Current Federal law gives State governments the authority over firearms in these forms of trans-portation, but the Griffith amendment would remove that authority. The proposed amendment would also have a negative impact on our law en-forcement officers’ ability to enforce our gun laws. Specifically, this amend-ment would make it more difficult for officers to investigate suspected gun traffickers and people who illegally carry weapons. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter from the Police Foun-dation. 
STATEMENT OF THE POLICE FOUNDATION RE-
GARDING PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE  S
PORTSMAN ’SBILL(HR 2406), F EBRUARY 25, 2016 The Police Foundation expresses its grave concerns with a proposed amendment to the Sportsman’s Bill (HR 2406), by Congressman Morgan Griffith from Virginia, which will have a chilling effect on enforcement of ille-gal gun possession and other gun crimes. We strongly oppose the amendment’s provision that could make law enforcement agencies liable for investigative stops and detentions of armed subjects. Further, the proposed amendment will drastically undermine states’ concealed carry licensing laws. States must be able to determine their own concealed carry stat-utes and regulations that fit the values and enhance the safety of their communities and constituents. At a time when many cities and counties have just witnessed 2015 come to an end with increased homicides and non-fatal shootings, Congress should strengthen, not weaken en-forcement of our nation’s gun laws. We call on Members of Congress to support law enforcement officers as they perform the most dangerous job of confronting shooters and other armed criminals, and to uphold state and local efforts to make communities safer. We urge Members of Congress to oppose the proposed amendment. 
Mr. BEYER. The letter expresses the Police Foundation’s grave concerns with this amendment. They write that this amendment ‘‘will have a chilling effect on the enforcement of illegal gun possession and other crimes.’’ Why would Congress narrow the lim-ited set of enforcement tools our police officers currently have to pursue sus-pected gun traffickers? The Griffith amendment subjects a police officer to a personal lawsuit when he or she detains or arrests some-one whom the officer reasonably be-lieved at the time of detainment was illegally trafficking or was carrying a firearm. We must respect our officers’ ability to use discretion, albeit limited, when determining if gun trafficking is occur-ring; so subjecting them to personal lawsuits when they are simply trying to do their jobs to protect us seems a little reckless. These brave men and women should not be afraid to carry out their investigative duties due to the fear of being sued. For this reason, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. I thank the gen-tleman from Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I am glad that the gentleman brought up the dilemma that this amendment would pose for law enforcement. It would, shockingly, actually, impose individual penalties on law enforcement officers who are just trying to do their jobs but who might mistakenly detain someone in connection with his possession of a firearm if he were transporting it in a way that is protected under this amendment. This is going to have a chilling effect on law enforcement’s ability to protect Americans from gun trafficking, to make us safer at a time when there are more guns in the hands of more people than ever before, when we have more accidents, when we are experiencing a tragic gun violence epidemic. I am also concerned that this amend-ment goes a little further than just being a narrow cleanup of the anec-dotal stories we heard about travelers who were inconvenienced or detained. As I read the amendment, it not only would allow a person to walk down the street with an unloaded gun, as long as that gun had a trigger lock on it—re-gardless of State law, regardless of any local rules that may be in effect—it would allow one to take that gun onto trains, cable cars, and trollies even if local jurisdictions prohibited that. Again, so long as the gun had a trigger lock in place. Now, in my district we had a tragic incident a couple of years ago in which a young teenager had a toy AK–47, and law enforcement believed that it was an actual gun that was threatening members of that community. They fired shots that took that young man’s life. Imagine the dilemma, whether in-tended or unintended, as a consequence of this bill, and people could suddenly go into parks or even onto public transportation with real AK–47s. What kind of dilemma would law en-forcement face? Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have to tell you that I am really surprised that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle aren’t supporting this civil liberties amendment. Clearly, they have misinterpreted the amendment. First of all, it only applies if some-body is lawfully transporting a gun— where it is lawful in State A to another State where it is lawful. If you are going to be on a trolly car or on a cable car, you have to be transporting that gun from one State to another and it has to have been lawful to begin with and lawful at the terminis. It is only in the interim that that would be an issue. I would say to the gentleman that this is not about any kind of personal lawsuits against law enforcement offi-cers. It says the court shall award at-torneys’ fees against the local govern-ment or the State that is prosecuting the individual. I would also say to the gentleman that it is only for wrongful arrest. I practiced criminal law for 28 years. There is a huge difference between de-tention, which my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have alleged this bill would affect, and arrest. This bill does not do one single thing. They are simply mistaken on detention. It doesn’t do anything. If you want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.037 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH976 February 26, 2016 
stop somebody, if you want to inves-tigate, he may miss his flight. Arrest means one has been placed into cus-tody, has been taken down to the sta-tion, has been booked, and is having to post bond. That is what this bill deals with. When someone is wrongfully arrested, when he has been following the Federal law, he should, in fact, have his attor-neys’ fees restored to him. It is reason-able attorneys’ fees. It is not what-ever—the sky and the Moon—the attor-ney might ask for. A court determines if they are reasonable attorneys’ fees. This is just a small measure to make sure that when somebody makes a mis-take and a local government goes for-ward with a prosecution, that you get some of that back. We are not paying you for being in jail. We are not paying you for being arrested. We are not pay-ing you for having your rights taken. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that we are certainly not objecting to reasonable attorneys’ fees and to making people whole. It is the idea that law enforcement officers can be held personally responsible and can be, actually, personally sued for doing their jobs that we object to. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) very much. I sit on the Judiciary Com-mittee. Mr. Chairman, I would say to the gentleman who is the proponent of the legislation that, first of all, we have a responsibility to keep law and order; we have a responsibility to protect the Second Amendment; and we have a re-sponsibility to law enforcement offi-cers. Tragically, in the backdrop of this debate was an individual who secured guns and killed and slaughtered people just last night. We want to make sure that we are safe and that we are deal-ing with issues that are important to protecting our law enforcement. First of all, this amendment is un-necessary. Current Federal law already entitles a person to transport a firearm from one place to another so long as the firearm is unloaded and the needs of the firearms or any ammunition being transported is not readily acces-sible or directly accessible from the passenger compartment, et cetera. This amendment intends to make a Federal open carry law. This open carry law should be one of the State’s determinations. It happens to exist in the State that I am from. It should not be placed upon the entire country by Federal law. Why? Because whether a gun is supposed to be locked or has a trigger on it, it still poses a threat, possibly, to our law en-forcement. I oppose this amendment because it is unnecessary and because it puts our law enforcement persons in danger. I would ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment and acknowledge the shooting in Kansas as evidence that we don’t need more guns being carried back and forth on the streets. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . HARDY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK), I offer amendment No. 13. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE XVII—GOOD SAMARITAN SEARCH AND RECOVERY 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Good Sa-maritan Search and Recovery Act’’. 
SEC. 1702. EXPEDITED ACCESS TO CERTAIN FED-ERAL LAND. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE .—The term ‘‘eligible’’, with re-spect to an organization or individual, means that the organization or individual, respec-tively, is— (A) acting in a not-for-profit capacity; and (B) composed entirely of members who, at the time of the good Samaritan search-and- recovery mission, have attained the age of majority under the law of the State where the mission takes place. (2) G
OOD SAMARITAN SEARCH -AND-RECOVERY  
MISSION .—The term ‘‘good Samaritan search- and-recovery mission’’ means a search con-ducted by an eligible organization or indi-vidual for 1 or more missing individuals be-lieved to be deceased at the time that the search is initiated. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable. (b) P
ROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Secretary shall de-velop and implement a process to expedite access to Federal land under the administra-tive jurisdiction of the Secretary for eligible organizations and individuals to request ac-cess to Federal land to conduct good Samari-tan search-and-recovery missions. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The process developed and implemented under this subsection shall in-clude provisions to clarify that— (A) an eligible organization or individual granted access under this section— (i) shall be acting for private purposes; and (ii) shall not be considered to be a Federal volunteer; (B) an eligible organization or individual conducting a good Samaritan search-and-re-covery mission under this section shall not be considered to be a volunteer under section 102301(c) of title 54, United States Code; (C) chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’), shall not apply to an eligible organization or individual carrying out a pri-vately requested good Samaritan search-and- recovery mission under this section; and (D) an eligible organization or entity who conducts a good Samaritan search-and-re-covery mission under this section shall serve without pay from the Federal Government for such service. (c) RELEASE OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  F
ROMLIABILITY .—The Secretary shall not re-quire an eligible organization or individual to have liability insurance as a condition of accessing Federal land under this section, if the eligible organization or individual— (1) acknowledges and consents, in writing, to the provisions described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (b)(2); and (2) signs a waiver releasing the Federal Government from all liability relating to the access granted under this section and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the United States from any claims or lawsuits arising from any conduct by the eligible organiza-tion or individual on Federal land. (d) A
PPROVAL AND DENIAL OF REQUESTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall notify an eligible organization or individual of the approval or denial of a request by the eligi-ble organization or individual to carry out a good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission under this section by not later than 48 hours after the request is made. (2) D
ENIALS .—If the Secretary denies a re-quest from an eligible organization or indi-vidual to carry out a good Samaritan search- and-recovery mission under this section, the Secretary shall notify the eligible organiza-tion or individual of— (A) the reason for the denial of the request; and (B) any actions that the eligible organiza-tion or individual can take to meet the re-quirements for the request to be approved. (e) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Each Secretary shall develop search-and-recovery-focused partner-ships with search-and-recovery organiza-tions— (1) to coordinate good Samaritan search- and-recovery missions on Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Sec-retary; and (2) to expedite and accelerate good Samari-tan search-and-recovery mission efforts for missing individuals on Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Sec-retary. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secre-taries shall submit to Congress a joint report describing— (1) plans to develop partnerships described in subsection (e)(1); and (2) efforts carried out to expedite and ac-celerate good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery mission efforts for missing individuals on Federal land under the administrative juris-diction of each Secretary pursuant to sub-section (e)(2). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of a critically important amendment being offered by my friend and colleague from Nevada, Congress-man J
OEHECK. This amendment would ensure the in-clusion of the text of H.R. 373, the Good 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.038 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H977 February 26, 2016 
Samaritan Search and Recovery Act of 2015, in the underlying bill. The Good Samaritan Search and Re-covery Act, of which I was an original cosponsor, is a commonsense, bipar-tisan solution to tearing down the bu-reaucratic roadblocks that are pre-venting grieving families from achiev-ing closure when their loved ones go missing on Federal lands. b1045 This issue was first brought to light by the separate, but tragically similar, cases in Las Vegas of the taxi driver Keith Goldberg and Air Force Staff Sergeant Antonio Tucker. Mr. Goldberg and Staff Sergeant Tucker were missing and presumed dead, with their remains believed to have been missing somewhere within the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. In both cases, the local, experienced search and recovery groups volunteered their time and resources to help locate the remains of the missing individuals. Unfortunately, due to the unneces-sary bureaucratic hurdles from the Federal Government, the group volun-teering to help locate and recover Mr. Goldberg’s remains was denied access to the Park Service land to conduct its search for 15 months and the group vol-unteering to help locate the remains of Staff Sergeant Tucker were denied ac-cess for 10 months, needlessly delaying the closure their families sought. This is absolutely unacceptable, and it must change. This amendment will do that. Once these bureaucratic hurdles were finally cleared and the Good Samaritan search and recovery groups were al-lowed access to the park, Mr. Gold-berg’s remains were recovered in less than 2 hours and the remains of Staff Sergeant Tucker were recovered in less than 2 days. Dr. H
ECK, a former member of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Depart-ment’s search and rescue team, origi-nally introduced this legislation be-cause he could no longer stomach the cases where unnecessary red tape con-tinued to get in the way of providing closure for families faced with trag-ically similar circumstances. During the 113th Congress, a similar bill passed the House with a unanimous vote of 394–0, further proving its bipar-tisan support. Unfortunately, the Sen-ate failed to take action on the meas-ure. Last April the House again passed this important legislation 413–0. Mr. Chairman, those are two votes on this Good Samaritan bill totaling 807 in favor and none opposed. Given our current political climate, it just doesn’t get more bipartisan than that. We cannot afford to let the Senate’s inaction get in the way of achieving this critical fix that will provide clo-sure for so many Americans. We must pass this amendment so that future families won’t have to suffer the men-tal anguish and heartache that the families of Keith Goldberg and Antonio Tucker did. In closing, I again thank my col-league from Nevada for offering the amendment that will truly help the people we serve. I also thank the chairman and rank-ing member of the Natural Resources Committee for all their diligent work in the Good Samaritan Search and Re-covery Act. I yield to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Nevada. I urge my colleagues to strongly support this amendment. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill add the following: TITLE ll—GRAY WOLVES 
SEC. l01. REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULE REGARD-ING GRAY WOLVES IN THE WESTERN GREAT LAKES. 
Before the end of the 60-day period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on December 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance shall not be subject to judicial re-view. 
SEC. l02. REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULE REGARD-ING GRAY WOLVES IN WYOMING. 
Before the end of the 60-day period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance shall not be subject to judicial re-view. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am proud today to offer the only bi-partisan amendment that has been found in order on this bill. I am really proud, after working in Congress now for three terms, that Members from both the majority and the minority have come together in an effort to pro-tect the Endangered Species Act. This amendment speaks directly to the issue of gray wolves protected by the Endangered Species Act in the western Great Lakes region of Wis-consin, Michigan, and Minnesota, as well as Wyoming. There was a period of time that the gray wolves had become almost extinct in these areas and the scientists at the Fish and Wildlife Service decided to protect them from extinction by listing the gray wolf as an endangered species. That work was so successful that, in 2011, the Fish and Wildlife Service de-cided to de-list the gray wolf. In fact, there are now hundreds of mating pairs in these regions. However, those wolves have created some problems. In spite of this remarkable recovery, in spite of how robust this is, a surprise Federal court ruling took place in 2014 and invalidated the scientists at the Fish and Wildlife Service who were given the responsibility under law of the Endangered Species Act to manage this population. So my amendment is simple. It just simply restates and delists the wolves in these four States only. That is what my amendment does. It protects the Endangered Species Act and the sci-entists who work at the Fish and Wild-life Service. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, that was extraordinary. We are here to pro-tect the Endangered Species Act by preempting litigation for violations of the Endangered Species Act. That is pretty extraordinary. I mean, we are not only having Groundhog Day here—because this bill has passed three times before and failed to receive any consideration in the Senate and the same thing will happen yet again with this bill—but now we are wandering into Alice in Wonderland. That is extraordinary. Yes, the Fish and Wildlife Service did delist in the States the gentleman mentioned, but they required that each of those States adopt scientifically based management plans. Well, the scientifically based man-agement plan in Wyoming is open sea-son on wolves. Let’s try and extermi-nate them again. There has also been a tremendous loss of population in a number of the other States that the gentleman referred to. So a judge has found that they vio-lated the Endangered Species Act be-cause they didn’t adopt scientifically based management plans. You know, these are horrible preda-tors, as you can see here. They are very, very fierce. They are, of course, responsible for huge, huge, unbeliev-able—big, as Donald Trump would say, really big—depredation on cattle. Let’s look at the causes for loss of cattle. Well, let’s see. Seventy-four percent died because of health issues— perhaps we need a little education on husbandry for some of our ranchers— 7.8 percent died due to weather—well, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.040 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH978 February 26, 2016 
we are not having climate change; so, there is nothing we can do about the weather. We don’t want to mess with that—2.7 percent is due to other preda-tors, mostly coyotes. Animal damage control, now re-named very aptly Wildlife Services, has killed well over a million coyotes. And guess what. There are more coyotes now, more distributed than when they started trying to exterminate them. The wolves are in a much more frag-ile place. They are responsible for 0.9 percent of the depredation, and they are at critical population levels. They were required to keep 10 breeding pairs in Wyoming. Boy, that is a lot of wolves in a State the size of Wyoming, 10 breeding pairs. Well, they violated that, and that is why the judge made this ruling. Now we are being told we are here to pro-tect the Endangered Species Act. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD , in light of the gen-tleman from Oregon’s comments, a let-ter from the Fish and Wildlife Service supporting this amendment. 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR , F
ISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE , Bloomington, Minnesota, January 30, 2015. Hon. R
EIDJ. R IBBLE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE RIBBLE : Thank you for your January 16, 2015, letter to U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service) Director Dan Ashe and to me regarding the Service’s views on the status of gray wolf populations in the states of Michigan, Minnesota, and Wis-consin, as well as our view on state manage-ment of gray wolves since the Western Great Lakes Distinct Population Segment (DPS) was removed from Endangered Species Act protection in 2011. An identical letter is being sent to each member who signed the original correspondence. Director Ashe has asked that I respond on his behalf. Most of the information provided below is taken from the 2014 report on post-delisting status of gray wolves in the Western Great Lakes DPS (enclosed). Enclosed, you will also see our gray wolf post-delisting moni-toring plan for the Western Great Lakes DPS. Our post-delisting monitoring plan used the recovery goals in the 1992 Recovery Plan for the Eastern Timber Wolf to identify the population characteristics that needed moni-toring as well as to identify circumstances that could prompt closer scrutiny by the Service and potential consideration of re-listing. Those circumstances include the fol-lowing: A decline that reduces the combined Wis-consin-Michigan (excluding Isle Royale and the Lower Peninsula) late winter wolf popu-lation estimate to 200 or fewer wolves; A decline that brings either the Wisconsin or the Michigan (excluding Isle Royale and the Lower Peninsula) wolf estimate to 100 or fewer wolves; and, A decline that brings the Minnesota winter wolf population point estimate or lower end of the 90% confidence interval to 1500 or fewer wolves. Since delisting in 2011 through the winter of 2013–2014, numbers of wolves in the three states remained well above established re-covery goals (Table 1). Population surveys are conducted by the three states in late winter after hunting and trapping seasons and before the birth of pups in the spring. Thus, the surveys are conducted at a time that the wolf population is at its lowest level during the annual cycle. TABLE 1.—RECENT POPULATION ESTIMATES FOR GRAY WOLVES IN MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, AND WISCONSIN. INCLUDED IS THE LAST POPULATION ESTIMATE COM-PLETED BEFORE THE WOLF WAS DELISTED AND TWO ESTIMATES COMPLETED AFTER DELISTING. 
State Gray Wolf Population Estimates 2011–2012 2012–2013 2013–2014 
Michigan ....... 687 602–714 594–678 Minnesota ..... 2,921 (2007–2008) 2,211 22,423 Wisconsin ..... 815–880 809–834 660–689 
Differences in the trends of wolf numbers among the three states are likely due to dif-ferent levels of human-caused mortality (Table 2). Also, it is suspected that a decline in white-tailed deer may have played a role in the initial decline of Minnesota wolves after delisting (Table 1). Regardless of the different trends, the wolf population remains well above the original recovery goals for the entire population and within the individual states. In Michigan and Wisconsin, there were at least 594 and 660 wolves, respectively, in early 2014 and the number of wolves in Minnesota appears to have stabilized at around 2400 wolves (Table 1). 
TABLE 2.—WOLF DEATHS CAUSED BY TWO SOURCES OF HUMAN CAUSED MORTALITY, CONTROL OF DOMESTIC ANIMAL DEPREDATION AND HARVEST BY HUN TERS AND TRAPPERS, IN THE WESTERN GREAT LAKES DISTINCT POPULATION SEGMENT DURING THE PERIOD WHEN WOLVES IN THE REGION WERE NOT LISTED AS ENDANGERED O R THREATENED, 2012–2014. 
State 2012 2013 2014 Depredation Harvest Total Depredation Harvest Total Depredation Harvest Total 
Michigan ....................................................................................................................... ................................ 17 No season 17 10 23 33 13 No season 13 Minnesota ...................................................................................................................... ............................... 295 413 708 127 238 365 211 272 483 Wisconsin ...................................................................................................................... ................................ 76 117 193 65 257 322 35 154 189 
The relationship between human-caused mortality and wolf population numbers is well established and evident in the popu-lation trends among the three states. In Wis-consin, 14% of the population was harvested by hunters and trappers in 2012, yet no change in wolf numbers was detected in the subsequent survey completed during late winter of 2012–2013 (Tables 1 and 2). In 2013, 32% of the population was harvested and the wolf population declined by about 18%. In Minnesota, the decline of the population be-tween 2007–2008 and 2012–2013 was 24 to 25% and was likely caused by hunter/trapper har-vest, depredation control, and a 23% decline in deer between 2007 and 2012. In response to the wolf population decline, the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources reduced wolf harvest levels and the population ap-pears to have stabilized. In Michigan, human-caused mortality of wolves by hunt-ers and for depredation control has been rel-atively minor after delisting and the Michi-gan wolf population has shown no significant change (Tables 1 and 2). Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin have managed wolves according to state wolf management plans that the Service evalu-ated as part of our decision to delist the spe-cies in 2011. Our evaluation led to a deter-mination that each state’s plan provided for the long-term conservation of a viable wolf population in the region. The state manage-ment plans and our evaluation acknowledged that the states could carry out regulated harvests after delisting. In the final rule to delist the Western Great Lakes DPS we made the following comment: ‘‘Unregulated killing was the primary threat to the species historically. The State management plans that will be implemented after delisting provide protection from un-regulated killing. It is not the Service’s posi-tion to decide whether a regulated harvest in and of itself is an appropriate management tool. Instead the Service is concerned with whether the use of that tool might reduce the number of wolves in such a way that they would again be considered a threatened or endangered species under the Act. A regu-lated harvest of wolves can be carried out in a manner that would not threaten their con-tinued existence.’’ Since delisting, the states have dem-onstrated effective management to ensure wolf populations remain viable. We value the cooperation and contribu-tions that state and tribal biologists have made to ensure that the Service could mon-itor the post-delisting status of wolf popu-lations. Staff from each Department of Nat-ural Resources has been highly responsive to our requests for information, even after the wolf was relisted. We believe that each state has demonstrated an ability to respond to the challenges that are unique to conserva-tion of wolves in the wild. Moreover, they have done so in ways that demonstrate their intent to maintain the wolf as a viable com-ponent of their ecosystems. Thank you for your concerns regarding the wolf and its status. If you have any further questions or concerns, please feel free to con-tact Mr. Peter Fasbender, Field Supervisor for our Twin Cities Ecological Services Field Office. Sincerely, T
HOMAS O. M ELIUS , Regional Director. H
ON. REIDJ. R IBBLE , House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. H
ON. COLLIN C. P ETERSON , House of Representa-tives Washington, DC. H
ON. DANBENISHEK , House of Representa-tives Washington, DC. M
EGAN KELHART , Division of Congres-sional and Legisla-tive Affairs, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Washington, DC. Mr. P
ETER FASBENDER , Field Supervisor, Twin Cities Ecological Services Field Office, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Bloom-ington, MN. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.043 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H979 February 26, 2016 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chair, I am just stunned by the misrepresentations of the previous opponent of this bill. Let me show you what is going on really. Here is the habitat of the wolf. Clear-ly, it is not endangered. On the red list, it is considered a species of least con-cern. Let’s look at the habitat of the Shiras moose. This is Wyoming, Mon-tana, Idaho, and going into Montana. The Shiras moose is in rapid decline, and it is because of this critter. Now, the gentleman from Oregon showed you little puppies as if they do no damage. Look at this moose. This Shiras moose is surrounded by wolves, and they are attacking that baby. The reason this is such a big issue is they are wiping out the babies. So there is no longer a breeding popu-lation of moose or elk in major areas of this country, including the Lolo elk herd in Montana and the moose around the Greater Yellowstone area in Wyo-ming. It is these baby moose they are after. They surround the mother. Two of them distract the mother. The rest of them take the babies. There are not enough breeding fe-males left. So when the older females age out of the population, there are no breeding females to take their place. It is the wildlife that is getting deci-mated, Mr. Chairman. This is a wildlife issue. To save the moose, I strongly encour-age the adoption of this amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, actu-ally, I think wolves are part of wildlife. I heard a mention of Montana Yellow-stone. Actually, in Yellowstone, the rivers were in horrible, horrible condition be-cause all of the browse that was being done by elk and other critters right down into the streams. Fish popu-lations were crashing. The water was too hot and lost all of the riparian cover. Now you find we have restored bal-ance because there are wolves there and the elk and others stay in herds and they stay in the forest. They don’t go down and stomp around in the streams. Natural balance is sometimes prob-lematic. The gentlewoman showed a picture of a moose under attack. Fairly natural. I don’t believe that that is the total cause for the problems with the moose population. In fact, those moose are still hunted. So I guess we need to save the moose from the wolves so the hunt-ers can hunt the moose. So I am on the side of the wolves on this one. I think most American people would like to see this iconic predator restore balance. Coyotes are three times the preda-tors on cattle. If you want to protect cattle, guess what. Wolves kill coyotes. But when you don’t have wolves, the coyotes spread and take over. The gentlewoman showed Russia and China and then Canada and a few other areas on a map. Those aren’t gray wolf populations in many of those areas. I don’t know what Siberian wolves look like, but I don’t think that—since the land bridge went away, whenever that was, they haven’t been coming to the United States. And I don’t know about Chinese wolves. I don’t know anything at all about Chinese wolves. I do know that wolves here are in a fragile state of recovery. If you hunt them back to extinction, which is what basically is going on in Wyoming, or you hunt below the levels for sustain-able populations, as some of these other States are doing with trophy hunting and that, then we are going to be back where we started with the wolves being extinguished in the lower 48 and more coyotes. Maybe you will have some more moose. Maybe the elk can go back in the streams in Yellowstone. They prob-ably miss thrashing around in there and eating all the riparian cover. I think that this amendment, to sub-stitute political science for sound science and for Congress to preempt litigation with this, is somewhat un-precedented, to say the least. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I have not mentioned protecting cattle at all. Maybe some of my colleagues will. I have only mentioned trying to protect the Endangered Species Act. b1100 Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄4minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for this amendment and the time. I rise today in support of this amend-ment for the SHARE Act. This amend-ment directs the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to reissue a rule to delist the gray wolf in Wyoming and the Great Lakes region, which includes my State of Michigan. In 2011, the Fish and Wildlife Service determined that the wolf recovered in Wyoming and the Great Lakes and would remain recovered under feder-ally approved State management plans. I can speak from personal experience about the impact that wolves and their recovery are having on my district. This photo next to me is of a con-stituent in my district. One of his calves was attacked and eaten by a wolf, which may not mean much to the opponents of this, but it means pretty much to small farmers in Michigan. It isn’t just the cattle. As the number of wolves have in-creased well beyond the recommended number for recovery, we have seen drastic declines in the deer population in northern Michigan. My camp has no deer. The economy of the whole area is in collapse because there is no hunting anymore. I understand that some are opposed to ever delisting the wolf, but as num-bers continue to expand, we must con-sider the impact the wolf has on the landscape as a whole. This amendment does not change the Endangered Spe-cies Act. It simply allows for the fol-lowing of true sound science. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RIBBLE. I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. BENISHEK. The gray wolf was recovered in the Great Lakes and ready for delisting and State management. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I will go ahead and close. About two decades ago, there were only 15 gray wolves in the western Great Lakes States. Today the gray wolf population exceeds 3,700, and yet we are to act as if some judge some-place decides that that is not enough, that the States of Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Wyoming in and of them-selves cannot manage these popu-lations in accordance with the Fish and Wildlife’s actions and with their sci-entific help. This is not unprecedented, as the mi-nority has mentioned. This exactly has happened with Montana and Idaho be-fore. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Ribble, Lummis, Benishek, and Peterson amendment. Managing gray wolves continues to be a huge problem in my state of Minnesota. In spite of the overwhelming evidence by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service that the gray wolf population in the Western Great Lakes States has not only recovered, but thrived in the past few years, a single judge in Wash-ington, D.C. unilaterally decided that gray wolves somehow need federal protection. In 2014, Minnesota had nearly 2,500 gray wolves, by far the highest number in any state besides Alaska. This has put the farmers and ranchers in my district in a very difficult situation. They are now forced to choose between following the law or protecting their livestock and liveli-hoods. Our amendment simply reinstates Fish and Wildlife’s original decision to delist gray wolves in the Western Great Lakes States from Endangered Species Act protections and allows the agency to relist gray wolves if science supports it. I believe this amendment is scientific and fair. This is a real problem that needs immediate solution. The states—not the federal govern-ment—are best equipped to manage gray wolf populations and provide assistance when problem wolves harass my constituent’s liveli-hoods. I urge Members to support this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.044 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH980 February 26, 2016 
the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. l01. PROHIBITION ON ISSUANCE OF FINAL RULE. 
The Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall not issue a final rule that— (1) succeeds the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Pub-lic Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 887 (January 8, 2016)); or (2) is substantially similar to that pro-posed rule. 
SEC. l02. WITHDRAWAL OF EXISTING RULE RE-GARDING HUNTING AND TRAPPING IN ALASKA. 
The Director of the National Park Service shall withdraw the final rule entitled ‘‘Alas-ka; Hunting and Trapping in National Pre-serves’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 64325 (October 23, 2015)) by not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall not issue a rule that is substantially similar to that rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment is a relatively complicated amendment in the sense that a lot of people don’t have any his-tory of the Alaska National Lands Act. My amendment prohibits the Direc-tor of the Fish and Wildlife Service from issuing a final ruling that would seize authority from the State of Alas-ka’s Alaska Fish and Game to manage fish and game on all lands. That was under ANILCA. My amendment also withdraws the existing National Park Service rule that interferes with State wildlife management authority under the Na-tional Preserve Lands of Alaska, agreed to by this Congress. The Alaska National Interest Land Conservation Act, ANILCA, passed by Congress, signed into law in 1980, protects the ability of the State of Alaska to man-age wildlife across the State on State, private, and Federal lands. As Alaska’s lone Representative and someone who was intimately involved in the process of producing ANILCA, an agreement with my colleagues, it is my conclusion that the proposed rule set forth by the Fish and Wildlife Service and Park Service is in clear violation of Federal law. The scope of the proposed Fish and Wildlife Service rule is enormous. There are 76.8 million acres of wildlife refuges in Alaska, an amount of land about the size of four Michigans, at least two or three Virginias, and on top of that there is 20 million acres of na-tional preserves in Alaska, a total of 100 million acres in the State of Alas-ka. But when that agreement was set out, we were to retain management of fish and game on all lands, and that is in the law. Very frankly, my col-leagues, this is a regulatory overreach by this administration, promoted by this administration, breaking the law. Now, the Fish and Wildlife Service asserts their actions are allowed by the National Wildlife Refuge System Im-provement Act. However, as the origi-nal sponsor of that act, I can know-ingly and affirmatively state that the Fish and Wildlife Service proposal goes beyond the original intent of my legis-lation that was passed by this House. The National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act specifically states that ANILCA takes priority over any other conflicts regarding refuge lands in the State of Alaska. I find it some-what concerning that the Fish and Wildlife would cite a law which forbids them from taking such actions and then say the justification is because of the law. It is not. This is a special in-terest pressuring group that says that Fish and Wildlife will take away the States’ rights. If you believe in States’ rights, you will take and support this amendment that I am offering. If you believe in the Federal Government only, not the United States of America, the United States as the Federal Government, you will oppose this amendment. I am asking my colleagues to think about what is occurring here: the over-reach of this Federal Government that has taken away the rights of States and is continuing to try to do it. I urge the passage of this amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
OMACK ). The gentlewoman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, with nothing but the deepest respect for my colleague from Alaska—and I even want to tell him, I was afraid to stand up without getting clearance from one of your other good friends, the resident hunter in my household—but this amendment is yet another attempt to allow a State to override perfectly rea-sonable conservation policies on U.S. public lands. This amendment would prevent the Park Service from managing wildlife on these lands, even though they are owned by the American taxpayers, not by the State of Alaska. Of particular concern is Alaska’s pol-icy of eradicating keystone predator species. Because of this policy, allow-ing wolves and bears to seek refuge on these Park Service lands may be the only way to keep them from requiring protection under the Endangered Spe-cies Act. I want to be clear about what this rule does and does not do. It does not deny access to hunting. This rule does not reduce hunting in the national pre-serves in Alaska, period. In fact, it keeps existing hunting rules in place. What the rule does do is ban some of the most inhumane and ecologically damaging forms of hunting, things that a true sportsman would never do any-way. Let me share examples. This rule would prevent spotlighting black bears and shooting them and their cubs, ba-bies in their den. It would prevent using bait to attract and kill bears. It would prevent killing wolves during their denning season. Again, babies. And it would prevent the killing of car-ibou from a motorboat while under power. Yes, if a deer is swimming and you go after it in a boat, it would pre-vent that caribou that is swimming from being shot. If you think people should be allowed to do any of these what I think are un-sportsmanlike things, then this amend-ment is for you. But if you are like most Americans, you will be deeply disturbed by these practices and will join me in opposing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, may I remind my good friend from Michigan—and she is a dear friend and her husband is a dear friend of mine, he voted for my bill, ANILCA—it is the law. It was an agreement that the State would manage. By the way, it is against the law to shoot species of animals from a boat. This doesn’t change that. It changes the management concept. It is over-reach by the Federal Government. It is overreach by Fish and Wildlife. They would not be fish and wildlife managers anymore. They are becoming the pres-ervationist group without the manage-ment ability in the State that lives there. I am not changing anything other than just the fact that the State still has authority under ANILCA. He voted for it. I am suggesting, respectfully, if you want the Federal Government to manage everything, 100 million acres that we agreed that we could manage in the ANILCA law, the State, if you want the government to take that all over, let’s just give the government all the land. Let’s stop having free land. You talk about being public land, the public that lives there, they want the State to manage the land. So far they have done a great job. As far as shooting bears, that is against the law in the State of Alaska. Now, why are we saying that? Because it is emotionally acceptable. So let’s stick to the facts. This is a fact. Do you want the administration, the government to manage all lands or do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.046 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H981 February 26, 2016 
you want to follow the law that we passed in this Congress? The law. We have a tendency here to forget what happened, this Congress. Look at the history of ANILCA. It was a com-promise. A lot of it I objected to, but we passed it in this House and it was accepted by the State with the under-standing that the State would manage fish and game and not the Federal Gov-ernment. By the way, the Park Service in the State of Alaska, the Fish and Wildlife in the State of Alaska, in the begin-ning the BLM are not partners any-more. It is all run from Washington, D.C. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I have nothing but the utmost respect for my colleague from Alaska. I actually think that he and my spouse share the same sportsmanship policies of hunt-ing, but this rule just simplifies and updates procedures for closing an area or restricting an activity. It updates obsolete subsistence regulations and it prohibits very specifically some of these things that I spoke about. I think we will respectfully disagree. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLEll—PRESERVATION OF ARCTIC COASTAL PLAIN AS WILDERNESS 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Udall-Ei-senhower Arctic Wilderness Act’’. 
SEC. l02. FINDINGS AND STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Americans cherish the continued exist-ence of expansive, unspoiled wilderness eco-systems and wildlife found on their public lands, and feel a strong moral responsibility to protect this wilderness heritage as an en-during resource to bequeath undisturbed to future generations of Americans. (2) It is widely believed by ecologists, wild-life scientists, public land specialists, and other experts that the wilderness ecosystem centered around and dependent upon the Arctic coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, Alaska, represents the very epitome of a primeval wilderness ecosystem and constitutes the greatest wilderness area and diversity of wildlife habitats of its kind in the United States. (3) President Dwight D. Eisenhower initi-ated protection of the wilderness values of the Arctic coastal plain in 1960 when he set aside 8,900,000 acres establishing the Arctic National Wildlife Range expressly ‘‘for the purpose of preserving unique wildlife, wilder-ness and recreational values’’. (4) In 1980, when the Congress acted to strengthen the protective management of the Eisenhower-designated area with the en-actment of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96–487), Representative Morris K. Udall led the effort to more than double the size of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and extend statu-tory wilderness protection to most of the original area. (5) Before the enactment of the Alaska Na-tional Interest Lands Conservation Act, the House of Representatives twice passed legis-lation that would have protected the entire Eisenhower-designated area as wilderness, including the Arctic coastal plain. (6) A majority of Americans have sup-ported and continue to support preserving and protecting the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, including the Arctic coastal plain, from any industrial development and con-sider oil and gas exploration and develop-ment in particular to be incompatible with the purposes for which this incomparable wilderness ecosystem has been set aside. (7) When the Arctic National Wildlife Ref-uge was established in 1980 by paragraph (2) of section 303 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96–487; 94 Stat. 2390; 16 U.S.C. 668dd note), subpara-graph (B)(iii) of such paragraph specifically stated that one of the purposes for which the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is estab-lished and managed would be to provide the opportunity for continued subsistence uses by local residents, and, therefore, the lands designated as wilderness within the Refuge, including the area designated by this title, are and will continue to be managed con-sistent with such subparagraph. (8) Canada has taken action to preserve those portions of the wilderness ecosystem of the Arctic that exist on its side of the inter-national border and provides strong legal protection for the habitat of the Porcupine River caribou herd that migrates annually through both countries to calve on the Arc-tic coastal plain. (9) The extension of full wilderness protec-tion for the Arctic coastal plain within the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge will still leave most of the North Slope of Alaska available for the development of energy re-sources, which will allow Alaska to continue to contribute significantly to meeting the energy needs of the United States without despoiling the unique Arctic coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. (b) STATEMENT OF POLICY .—The Congress hereby declares that it is the policy of the United States— (1) to honor the decades of bipartisan ef-forts that have increasingly protected the great wilderness ecosystem of the Arctic coastal plain; (2) to sustain this natural treasure for the current generation of Americans; and (3) to do everything possible to protect and preserve this magnificent natural ecosystem so that it may be bequeathed in its unspoiled natural condition to future generations of Americans. 
SEC. l03. DESIGNATION OF ADDITIONAL WIL-DERNESS, ARCTIC NATIONAL WILD-LIFE REFUGE, ALASKA. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF ARCTIC COASTAL PLAIN.— In furtherance of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), an area within the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in the State of Alaska comprising approximately 1,559,538 acres, as generally depicted on a map enti-tled ‘‘Arctic National Wildlife Refuge—1002 Area Alternative E—Wilderness Designa-tion’’ and dated October 28, 1991, is hereby designated as wilderness and, therefore, as a component of the National Wilderness Pres-ervation System. The map referred to in this subsection shall be available for inspection in the offices of the Secretary of the Inte-rior. (b) ADMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of the Interior shall administer the area designated as wilderness by subsection (a) in accordance with the Wilderness Act as part of the wil-derness area already in existence within the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, there are some iconic places in this country that define America. The Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge in northeastern Alaska is one of those places. It is a one-of-a-kind treasure. Today, for the first time, the full House of Representatives has an oppor-tunity to cast a vote to permanently preserve and protect this special place. Now, the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), my Repub-lican friend, has joined me in intro-ducing the underlying bill that is in-corporated in this amendment. To-gether, we are carrying the torch that prior generations of bipartisan leaders have carried. They have understood that America’s Arctic is a uniquely wild place. It was Republican President Dwight Eisenhower who first established Fed-eral protections for the coastal plain in 1960 and Democratic Chairman Mo Udall who expanded the refuge, dou-bling its size in 1980. I had the great privilege to visit the Arctic Refuge last summer. I camped in the wilderness and I came away with an increased sense of urgency to per-manently protect the Arctic Refuge’s coastal plain. Allowing drilling in the Arctic Ref-uge would irreparably disrupt a very important ecosystem. It would impact the way of life for the Gwich’in people and forever destroy one of our Nation’s last great wild places. That is why I am offering this amendment to the SHARE Act, to ask that we protect this Amer-ican wilderness once and for all. My amendment would designate the threatened biological heart of the ref-uge, the coastal plain, as wilderness, to finally recognize the intrinsic value of this land and what it holds to ensure that it remains pristine for generations to come. Congress has been debating whether to drill in this area for nearly three decades. As our public lands suffer from the effects of climate change, most significantly in Alaska, I believe time is of the essence. Now, the Arctic Refuge is wild, it is spectacular, and most importantly, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.047 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH982 February 26, 2016 
is owned by all Americans, not by the oil industry. That is why Congressman F
ITZPATRICK and I introduced our bi-partisan legislation to permanently designate it as wilderness, following the bipartisan legacy that this legisla-tion has enjoyed for decades. b1115 Arctic Refuge support has always been diverse and nationwide. During the recent public comment period for the draft conservation plan, the Fish and Wildlife Service received nearly 1 million comments in support of wilder-ness for the Arctic Refuge and in oppo-sition to oil and gas exploration and development. Alaskans showed over-whelming support at public hearings and sent thousands of comments, in-cluding from 100 businesses across the State from Kaktovik to Juneau. This legislation has been introduced in every Congress for almost three dec-ades and has never come to a full vote on the House floor. I am grateful that, in January of 2015, for the first time, the Department of the Interior released a conservation plan for the Arctic Ref-uge that recommended wilderness pro-tection—a recommendation that was transmitted to Congress. Only Congress can act to designate the coastal plain as wilderness. Now is the time to seize that historic oppor-tunity. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I always admired my friend from California, who doesn’t know squat about the Arctic Wildlife Refuge. That is the truth. He may have camped out in it, but he didn’t camp out in the area which we would like to drill for oil, which this Congress set aside for that purpose. By the way, we did pass opening ANWR 11 times. This Congress did it. And it got stopped in the Senate every time but one. Bill Clinton, bless his heart, vetoed it. We have 18 billion barrels of oil—that is a minimum estimate—74 miles away from an existing pipeline on the coast-al plain. You say, well, we don’t need the oil now. I heard that in 1960. We didn’t need the oil, but it went all the way up to $4.50 for gasoline at the pump. This is a reserve set aside by Scoop Jackson—a Democrat—myself, and Ted Stevens so it would be potentially there for development when Congress acts. You want to include this as a wil-derness area in the bill on the behalf and behest of a group of people that really don’t understand this. You say Alaska supports your amendment? In that case, I won’t be back here next year. Don’t applaud. Don’t keep that in mind. I have been running, now, longer than anybody in this House except for one other man. Apparently, Alaska does support this ANWR provision. It is Federal oil. It is not our oil. We have infrastructure in place right now that can be used to move that oil if and when it is needed. I am glad the gentleman said only the Congress can designate this, be-cause your Fish and Wildlife Service recommended it all be wilderness—an-other act of this administration. I happen to agree, very frankly, that the Congress will vote some day. And, by the way, if you want to get rid of me, take a vote to open it up, and I might retire. But until that time, I am staying here, because it is right for this Nation. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would forbid development of one of the most promising and untapped oilfields in the world. I have to ask: How is the cause of American energy independ-ence advanced by forbidding develop-ment of America’s own vast energy re-sources? We are talking about reserves that are larger than the reserves in the entire nation of Mexico or Norway, whom we currently depend on for im-porting oil. The gentleman from California is right: that land is owned by the Amer-ican people. So is the oil under it. That means about $300 billion of revenues into the Federal Treasury. That is about $2,400 for every family in this country. The proposed development of the Arctic oil requires about 2,000 acres out of 19 million acres of the wildlife re-serve. That is one-one hundredth of 1 percent of that land area. That is how extreme this measure is. It would sacrifice American pros-perity. It would sacrifice oil reserves larger than those in all of Mexico. It would sacrifice revenues to the Treas-ury of $2,400 for every family to place off limits a tiny part of the frozen Arc-tic tundra. If you want to know why our econ-omy is stagnating, if you want to know why our country is going bankrupt, you need only look to measures like the amendment before us. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, with great respect to the senior legislator from Alaska, I have no doubt that he knows and understands the coastal plain and that area far better than I do and that anyone else in this body does, but I do know this: every Member of this body—in fact, every American— has a stake in protecting the coastal plain of the Arctic wilderness. Migratory birds from the coastal plain go to all 49 of the other States. We are connected, whether we know it or not, with this critical, vital eco-system in the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge. The whole point of wilderness is to protect areas that we actually may never camp out in, that we may never see, but that are, nevertheless, of such great intrinsic value that they deserve this special protection. That is what this is all about. As to the argument that we need lots of new oil extraction and development in the Arctic, I would just point out that right next door to the Arctic Ref-uge is an enormous, essentially equal- sized area that we set aside for that purpose. It is called the National Pe-troleum Reserve. The oil industry has not seen fit to develop in that area, nor does it look like they will any time soon, with oil hovering around $30 a barrel and this week the Saudis saying they may be taking it all the way down to $20 a barrel. Right now, because of its overdepend-ence on the oil economy, the State of Alaska is hemorrhaging. Oil revenues are down by half. The permanent fund is hemorrhaging. Meanwhile, the tour-ist economy, which is built around pre-serving and protecting natural re-sources, is growing and will soon eclipse oil revenues in terms of the eco-nomic impact. Let’s look to the future. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I always listen to these well-writ-ten arguments by the Sierra Club and others that like to take this Nation to its knees, which is a reality. We talk about the petroleum reserve set-aside. It was a reserve set aside for use by this Nation. And they are drill-ing. They are drilling today. ConocoPhillips is going in. Ironically, for some reason, the sales that were put up by this administra-tion are not where they wanted to drill. I have an old saying—and people laugh at me when I say it: you don’t hunt rabbits on a pool table just be-cause it is green. All right. You don’t drill oil if it is not there. Ironically, this administration, bless their hearts, put up sales where there was nothing there. It was like the pool table. So why would the oil company drill? They can’t and will not. And I always ask them: Why don’t you ask the oil companies where they would like to drill? We can’t do that because someone has asked us to pre-serve that great area. The other area is just as pretty, but it doesn’t have any oil. This is an attempt to take 18 billion barrels of oil away from the American people and an attempt by special inter-est groups to make sure this country cannot grow. Oil will be here forever. Let’s keep it. Let’s oppose this amendment. It is mis-chievous. It is wrong for this Nation. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.049 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H983 February 26, 2016 
the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. ll. PERIODIC INCREASE IN PRICE OF MI-GRATORY BIRD HUNTING AND CON-SERVATION STAMP TO ACCOUNT FOR INFLATION. 
Section 2 of the Migratory Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamp Act (16 U.S.C. 718b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Postal’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsections (c) and (d), the Postal’’; and (2) by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘(d) I
NCREASE IN PRICE OF STAMP .— ‘‘(1) I
NCREASE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may, after notice and public comment, in-crease the price of each stamp sold under this section by an amount not to exceed $10 for a hunting year if the Secretary deter-mines the increase— ‘‘(A) is commensurate with the level of in-flation as determined by the adjustments in the Consumer Price Index since the last in-crease; and ‘‘(B) is approved unanimously by the Mi-gratory Bird Conservation Commission. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF INCREASE .—An in- crease in price under paragraph (1) shall take effect— ‘‘(A) no earlier than 2 years after the effec-tive date of the last increase in price; and ‘‘(B) no later than January 1 of the cal-endar year preceding the hunting year.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very straightforward. It would simply allow the price of the Federal duck stamp to be changed by the rate of in-flation. Inflation is something that each and every one of us cannot avoid. Just as inflation decreases the value of a dollar for all Americans over time, it also steadily decreases the real value of a duck stamp. That is very unfortunate, because the duck stamp is a highly ef-fective conservation program. The revenue from the Federal duck stamp that all hunters must buy each year as a permit to hunt waterfowl is used to preserve wetlands and maintain a sustainable population for hunters and bird watchers alike. Moreover, the preservation of wet-land habitat from the duck stamp, in conjunction with the National Wildlife Refuge System, has reversed the de-cline in waterfowl populations across this country. Also, not insignificant, co-benefits are that these wetlands buffer our communities from flooding, saving billions of dollars in damages, and they help filter water and re-charge, Mr. Chair, aquifers that are vital to our groundwater supplies. The duck stamp works. Ninety-eight cents of every dollar spent on a duck stamp goes back to preserving wildlife habitat. To date, more than $800 mil-lion from duck stamp sales have been spent on the preservation of over 6 mil-lion acres of habitat. The duck stamp is a true user fee, where all the funds are spent to benefit the fee payer. I hope this is an amendment that the chairman can support as a common-sense update to address the reality of inflation that inevitably will erode the ability of the duck stamps and the Na-tional Wildlife Refuge System to con-tinue this highly successful conserva-tion program. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognize for 5 min-utes. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I cer-tainly agree with the gentleman from California that the duck stamp pro-gram is a great program. It does a tre-mendous amount of good. We all know the wetlands that are preserved with that. We all know it is a great oppor-tunity for the hunting community and the conservation community to come together. As you know, last year, the duck stamp fee was increased, for the first time in 24 years, from $15 to $25. I, my-self, am an avid duck hunter. I buy multiple duck stamps because I firmly believe in the program. The increase last year we believe will yield about $119 million over 10 years; but we also know, looking historically, that when you put these increases in fees, for the first couple of years the revenue drops because people that would buy them without the need don’t do that, and then they come back to actually purchasing it. So we understand that. That is why we have asked the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service to look specifically at how the implementation of this fee is going to play out and how the costs associ-ated with the program are, so that we can understand how to best manage this, as you said, to get the most dol-lars to wetlands conservation. With the idea of now going to an in-flationary factor right on the heels of a $10 increase without getting, from the Fish and Wildlife Service, what the im-pacts are going to be so we can best maximize the dollars, I think, is pre-mature. I serve as a member of the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission, and still, I believe the responsibility for any type of increases should still be on the backs of all Members of Congress, not just the four that are on the Migra-tory Bird Conservation Commission. I applaud the gentleman’s effort to draw attention to the duck stamp pro-gram. We all understand the good it does, but I would argue that this infla-tionary increase measure is premature, especially in the face of a $10 increase last year. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I would oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 21⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, it is unfortunate that we can’t come to-gether today to support such a simple fix to, as Mr. W
ITTMAN pointed out, such a highly successful program. I think the operative word that you have said is that it is premature at this point, not that you really oppose the ability to protect our waterfowl popu-lations to keep them vibrant and make sure that duck hunters have ducks to hunt. I think we all agree upon that. I also just want to say that the one issue is just to make clear that we are not talking about automatically in-creasing inflation. All we are saying is that when inflation does come—which will erode this program—that there is a process in place that the Secretary of the Interior will make a recommenda-tion to the Migratory Bird Conserva-tion Commission. That Commission has to support it. At most, it would have been a 35-cent increase. b1130 But I hear what you are saying about that, and if you will work with me as we go forward to see when is the best time that we can work on this, I will ask to withdraw this amendment. Can I get a commitment that we will work together? Mr. WITTMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LOWENTHAL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Yes, I will tell the gentleman from California that we will indeed work with you in looking at the future of the duck stamp program, making sure that it is managed in the proper way, making sure that, indeed, is getting dollars to where they need to go, and that is to preserve those crit-ical wetlands. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–429 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. B
EYER of Virginia. Amendment No. 3 by Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EEof Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.051 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH984 February 26, 2016 
Amendment No. 8 by Mr. B EYER of Virginia. Amendment No. 9 by Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. G
RIFFITH  of Virginia. Amendment No. 14 by Mr. R
IBBLE of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 15 by Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. Amendment No. 16 by Mr. H
UFFMAN  of California. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 161, noes 244, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 92] AYES—161 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—28 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Diaz-Balart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lewis Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland Wilson (FL) b1151 Messrs. MULLIN, COLLINS of New York, REICHERT, NEUGEBAUER, DENT, and BISHOP of Utah changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. DELANEY, Mrs. LOWEY, Messrs. POLIQUIN, COHEN, CROWLEY, and GUTIE´RREZ changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote No. 92 on H.R. 2406, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 159, noes 242, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 93] AYES—159 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moore Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.054 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H985 February 26, 2016 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—32 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Carter (TX) Clyburn Cook Cooper Cummings Diaz-Balart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Larson (CT) Lewis McNerney Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Stivers Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1154 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 169, noes 236, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 94] AYES—169 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—28 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Bost Brown (FL) Butterfield 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.034 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH986 February 26, 2016 
Carter (TX) Clyburn Cook Cooper Diaz-Balart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1158 Mr. TURNER changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 173, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 95] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—173 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—28 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Diaz-Balart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lummis Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1201 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIF-
FITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 239, noes 165, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 96] AYES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.033 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H987 February 26, 2016 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—165 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—29 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Davis, Rodney Diaz-Balart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lummis Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1204 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 171, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 97] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOES—171 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—30 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Diaz-Balart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Rokita Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Westmoreland Young (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.036 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH988 February 26, 2016 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1207 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 97, there was an error in the transaction of my electronic vote. My office and the Clerk are looking into the matter. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 169, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 98] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—169 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—28 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Diaz-Balart Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1210 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 227, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 99] AYES—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.065 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H989 February 26, 2016 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—30 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Diaz-Balart Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Holding Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland b1214 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 619, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. LAWRENCE. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Lawrence moves to recommit the bill H.R. 2406 to the Committee on Natural Re-sources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the fol-lowing amendment: At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE XVII—PROTECTING WATER SUPPLY FOR PUBLIC RECREATION AND SAFE DRINKING 
SEC. 1701. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) Every year in the United States, an es-timated 4,000 tons of lead are lost in ponds and streams as fishing tackle, such as fishing lures and sinkers. (2) The lead content of fishing tackle has the potential to contaminate water supplies. 
SEC. 1702. PROTECTING WATER SUPPLY FOR PUBLIC RECREATION AND SAFE DRINKING. 
Section 4 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2603) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) P
ROTECTING WATER SUPPLY FOR PUB-
LICRECREATION AND SAFE DRINKING .—Not later than one year after the date of enact-ment of this subsection, any manufacturer or processor of an article containing a chem-ical substance or mixture that has the poten-tial to contaminate water supplies used for public recreation or drinking water provided by a public water system shall generate and provide to all applicable Federal and State agencies responsible for protecting health or the environment data sufficient to under-stand the risks such article would present to human health and the environment, includ-ing studies of the cancer-causing effects, re-productive toxicity, and neurotoxicity of the chemical substance or mixture contained in the article. Exposing the public or the envi-ronment to such article without generating such studies shall be considered a prohibited act under this Act.’’. Mrs. LAWRENCE (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, my amendment will ensure that our public water systems and waterways which are used for public recreation will be protected from an estimated 4,000 tons of lead that are contaminating our ponds and streams from lost fishing tackle. My amendment will ensure that all manufacturers of products that contain any type of substance with the poten-tial to contaminate our water systems provide to Federal and State agencies the research so we may understand the risks to human health and the environ-ment. Members of Congress, the manmade water crisis in Flint has shown us the devastating effects of having contami-nated water sources. The 100,000 resi-dents of Flint lost a basic human right: access to clean water. According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, our drinking water infrastructure has a D grade. That is A, B, C, D. According to the American So-ciety of Civil Engineers, $126 billion will be needed to restore water and wastewater infrastructure over the next 4 years, which leaves a funding gap of $84 billion. It is significant to note that the American public overwhelmingly sup-ports investment in our Nation’s water infrastructure, as drinking water is not a luxury. It is a basic need for life. A poll released just a week ago by the Value of Water Coalition showed that 95 percent of Americans—and that means on both sides of the aisle—be-lieve it is important to invest in water infrastructure. I regret to say that we in Congress have kicked the can down the road year after year when it comes to in-vesting in our infrastructure. I know that mayors and Governors and Members of this Congress have sounded the warning sign over and over again about the possibility of a dis-aster, but we never imagined that it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.040 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH990 February 26, 2016 
would come in the form of the mass poisoning of an entire American city. The children of Flint, the parents, other citizens of Flint, and the citizens of these United States need Congress, not one side of the aisle or the other, to act so that we don’t see another gen-eration of children potentially suffer from the negative effects of lead poi-soning. I urge all Members of this 114th Ses-sion of the United States Congress to support this motion to recommit on H.R. 2406. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, the mi-nority’s motion to recommit is an issue about chemicals in drinking water. Chemicals in drinking water is an issue that was addressed in the Toxic Substances Control Act, which was before this House. There were multiple opportunities to have a debate about that and to deter-mine what we do to address that issue. That bill passed out of the House. It is now in a preconference committee with the Senate. That was the opportunity. This bill, the SHARE Act, is a pack-age of commonsense bills that will in-crease opportunities for hunters, rec-reational shooters, and anglers; will eliminate unneeded regulatory impedi-ments; will safeguard against new reg-ulations that impede outdoor sporting activities; and will protect Second Amendment rights. It does not pertain to chemicals in drinking water. Outdoor sporting activities, includ-ing hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting, are deeply ingrained in the fabric of America’s culture and herit-age. Values that are instilled by par-taking in these activities are passed down from generation to generation and play a significant part in the lives of millions of Americans. This important legislation will sus-tain America’s rich hunting and fishing traditions, will improve access to our public lands for responsible outdoor sporting activities, and will help to en-sure that the current and future gen-erations of sportsmen and -women are able to enjoy the sporting activities this country holds dear. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important legislation and to defeat the motion to recommit. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 165, nays 238, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 100] YEAS—165 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—30 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Diaz-Balart Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
b1229 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 161, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 101] AYES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.071 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H991 February 26, 2016 
Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—161 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—30 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Diaz-Balart Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1235 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Madam Speaker, on Tuesday, February 23; Wednesday, Feb-ruary 24; Thursday, February 25; and Friday, February 26, 2016, I was on medical leave while recovering from hip replacement surgery and unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 83 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4408, as amended). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 84 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4402, as amended). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 85 (on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 618). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 86 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 618). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 87 (on agreeing to the Cartwright Amendment to H.R. 3624). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 88 (on the motion to recommit H.R. 3624, with instructions). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 89 (on passage of H.R. 3624). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 90 (on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 619). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 91 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 619). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 92 (on agreeing to the Beyer Amendment to H.R. 2406). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 93 (on agreeing to the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 2406). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 94 (on agreeing to the Beyer Amendment to H.R. 2406). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 95 (on agreeing to the Smith of Missouri Amendment to H.R. 2406). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 96 (on agreeing to the Griffith Amendment to H.R. 2406). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 97 (on agreeing to the Ribble Amendment to H.R. 2406). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 98 (on agreeing to the Young of Alaska Amendment to H.R. 2406). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 99 (on agreeing to the Huffman Amendment to H.R. 2406). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 100 (on the mo-tion to recommit H.R. 2406, with instructions). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 101 (on passage of H.R. 2406). PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. COOK. Madam Speaker, on February 26, 2016, I was unavoidably absent. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On rollcall No. 92, 93, 94, 99, and 100, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 95, 96, 97, 98, and 101, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 2406, SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. WITTMAN. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, in the en-grossment of H.R. 2406, the Clerk be au-thorized to correct section numbers, punctuation, and cross-references and to make such other technical and con-forming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES REGARDING AMEND-MENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 3716, ENSURING TERMINATED PRO-VIDERS ARE REMOVED FROM MEDICAID AND CHIP ACT, AND H.R. 4557, BLOCKING REGU-LATORY INTERFERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT OF 2016 (Mr. WOODALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, this week the Rules Committee issued two announcements outlining the amend-ment processes for H.R. 3716, Ensuring Terminated Providers are Removed From Medicaid and CHIP Act, and H.R. 4557, Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2016. The amendment deadline for H.R. 3716 has been set for Monday, February 29, at noon. The amendment deadline for H.R. 4557 has been set for 10 a.m. on Tuesday, March 1. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.043 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH992 February 26, 2016 
For details and text of the bills, folks can visit the Rules Committee Web site. Feel free to contact the Rules Committee with any questions that Members may have. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2016, TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 2016 Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday, February 29, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and at 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
WELFARE REFORM (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Madam Speaker, I rise today to address one of the Na-tion’s greatest concerns: welfare re-form. America’s most important resource is our people. The last thing we want any of our citizens to believe is that they are forever stuck in a situation that they cannot rise above. Welfare reform was originally suc-cessful because it required work in re-turn for assistance, gave more power and responsibility to the States in fighting poverty, and ensured that States were rewarded for reducing pov-erty instead of increasing dependency. Today, given the slow growth of our economy, many job seekers become frustrated when they are unable to find adequate work. This creates a system where many become trapped and de-pendent on State and Federal assist-ance. Solutions to welfare reform have to come from a local level, not from Washington. It is imperative that we encourage family values and education more than anything. Washington’s primary role is to strengthen the economy, facilitate growth, and encourage a positive busi-ness climate, thus creating jobs and re-ducing dependency on State programs. 
f 
SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Madam Speaker, today Congress voted to make it easier to import killed polar bears and ivory into our Nation. The SHARE Act is a piece of legisla-tion most closely resembling George Orwell’s novel ‘‘1984,’’ riddled with doublespeak and nightmarish visions. The Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act, part of this bill, would encourage the further hunting and im-portation of polar bears as long as they follow the rules. The African Elephant Conservation and Legal Ivory Possession Act, an-other title, would encourage the need-less and malicious slaying of innocent and endangered animals for their tusks. And for what? So that gun owners can have a shiny grip on their Smith & Wesson .357 Magnum made of a tusk that once was part of a beautiful, ma-jestic elephant. Have we really come to this place in our history in which the ivory trimming on a gun is more im-portant than a life? I urge the Senate and the President to reject this ethically reprehensible and morally repugnant bill. f 
VAIL UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT (Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. M
CSALLY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Vail Unified School District for their outstanding education achievements. Year after year the Arizona Department of Edu-cation recognizes Vail as a top-per-forming school district and its schools are continuously labeled A-plus. As with any organization, leadership matters. Vail superintendent Cal Baker, who I have worked with on many issues related to education, sets a tone from the top of innovation and excellence, but he is not alone. He has many wingmen and wingwomen, including an engaged school board, dedicated staff and teach-ers, involved parents, and selfless vol-unteers, who all work together to pro-vide high-quality education to kids. Vail’s out-of-the-box learning model doesn’t just benefit its students, but benefits others across the State where Vail’s best practices are exported to other school districts. Recently it was my honor to partici-pate in Vail Pride Day where we recog-nized excellent performance in so many students. I gave out the Board Commu-nity Award to members of the Vail Parent Network for their work in advo-cating for education. I congratulate Vail on their many achievements and their impact on so many kids by setting them on a course to achieve their dreams and full poten-tial. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WEST WIND-SOR-PLAINSBORO HIGH SCHOOL SOUTH (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the talent, teamwork, and intelligence of the West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South National Science Bowl team, who are regional champions for the second year in a row. This year’s team includes Dhruva Byrapatna, Eric Mischell, William Jiao, Angela You, and Tanishq Aggarwal. They were coached by Ms. Sunila Sharma. In a few weeks, these students will head to Washington, D.C., to compete in the Department of Energy’s Na-tional Science Bowl. I am proud to know that New Jersey’s 12th District will be represented. I wish both the coach and the team the best of luck in the national com-petition. f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Madam Speaker, I rise today in recognition and in celebration of Black History Month. This month is a reminder of both the incredible sacrifices and the remark-able contributions that African Ameri-cans have made during our Nation’s history. 153 years ago Illinois’ own Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proc-lamation. For 153 years since then, our Nation has struggled to overcome big-otry and achieve equality for all. Countless courageous leaders have taken up the cause of justice, including former Illinois Senator Everett Dirk-sen and our own colleague here in the United States Congress, Congressman J
OHNLEWIS. Walking on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma with Congressman L
EWIS for the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery marches is one of the highlights of my tenure in the United States Congress. As we look back on the accomplish-ments of the past, we cannot lose sight of the urgency with which we must ad-dress inequality in our society today. African Americans today face an un-acceptable likelihood of being incarcer-ated, a poverty rate that our Nation’s leaders should be ashamed of, and ev-eryday discrimination that flies in the face of everything our Nation stands for. In memory of the heroes who have fought for equality throughout our Na-tion’s history, we are compelled to act. I am committed to fighting for a more just and equal society. I implore my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
b1245 HONORING THE LIFE OF DEBBIE SMITH (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of late State Senator Debbie Smith, who passed away on Sunday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.076 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H993 February 26, 2016 
Debbie was a fighter and a powerful advocate for improving Nevada’s public schools. From her days with the State PTA to her work as a legislative lead-er, she served the community in count-less ways for over 20 years, constantly advocating for Nevada to invest in what matters most: our children. After having a brain tumor removed early last year, she returned to the leg-islature to work on the front lines for major education reform. Cancer couldn’t stop her from making sure that her vision came to fruition. In her last political battle, she was able to claim a victory that will long benefit Nevada’s students. Debbie was a true friend and a real inspiration. She was a hero who never asked for recognition for herself. The angels are fortunate to now have her on their side. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF ALFRED MANN (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Madam Speak-er, I rise today to note the passing of an American hero, Alfred Mann. At 17 years of age, Al Mann was a navigator on a B–29 during World War II. After the war, he was educated with the GI Bill, and he used his genius, his creative skills, to upgrade America’s antitank weapons of the day. A short time after that, he said he was so happy because he had his chance to use his creative genius in building things that helped people. He revolu-tionized heart pacemakers at that time, and then he went on to help us and help millions of Americans live better through his technology that helped diabetics, people who were deaf, even people who were amputees. Al Mann made a major difference. He represented the very best in America. He was a hero. He passed away at 91 years of age. He will be missed, but he has left a wonderful legacy. Now we live better and freer because of people like Al Mann. 
f 
WOMEN’S REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Speaker, the Supreme Court is scheduled to hear Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt next Tuesday, a case challenging the Texas law that has deprived women of their constitu-tional right to make their own healthcare decisions. I was proud to join 163 of my colleagues in an amicus brief in support of women’s health cen-ters. Texas is home to 5.4 million women of reproductive age, and this appalling law would leave only 10 clinics open in the entire State—10—in Texas. As a mother of two daughters, I find this unacceptable. It is a moral outrage when legislatures full of mostly male politicians interfere in women’s healthcare decisions. From Texas to my home State of Florida, to this very body, we are seeing an unprecedented attack on women’s health, and I will not be silent about it. These laws have not and will not make women safer. They are intrusive and invade women’s personal, most pri-vate decisions. It is my deepest hope that the Supreme Court overturns this offensive Texas law. f 
WOMEN’S HEALTHCARE DECISIONS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Madam Speaker, we are less than 5 days away from hearing oral arguments in the Supreme Court case that could steal the right away from women to make their own healthcare decisions. In 2013, the Texas State legislature passed House Bill 2, a very strict anti- abortion law that imposed medically unnecessary restrictions on women’s healthcare providers. Lawmakers claimed their motivation was to pro-tect women’s health care, but Texas women can attest that the law has done little to expand their access to health care. Since the passage of HB 2, over 20 clinics in Texas have shut down. Women in Dallas are facing delays as long as 20 days for an initial abortion consultation. Other States have fol-lowed the lead, with 22 States passing similar laws that are targeting abor-tion providers just in the last few years. Roe v. Wade made it clear that women have a constitutional right to make choices about their own bodies. Planned Parenthood v. Casey re-affirmed that a State cannot create an undue burden on women when they seek to exercise their right to safe and legal abortions. Ultimately, a constitu-tional right means nothing without the ability to exercise that right. I am confident that the Supreme Court will reaffirm that women are constitutionally protected to make their own healthcare decisions. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LO-
RES). 
HONORING MAJOR SHAWN M . CAMPBELL  
Mr. FLORES. I thank the gentleman from Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor U.S. Marine Corps Major Shawn M. Campbell of College Station, Texas. Major Campbell died on January 14, 2016, when he and 11 additional marines were involved in a helicopter training accident off the coast of Hawaii’s Oahu Island. Major Campbell attended Klein High School in suburban Houston and went on to graduate from Texas A&M Uni-versity. Upon graduation, Major Camp-bell decided to follow his lifelong dream of becoming a pilot. He accepted his commission and began a career as a Marine Corps aviator. During his time in the Marine Corps, Shawn served four tours in the Middle East, including one in Iraq. After serving our country overseas, Major Campbell returned to the U.S., where he became a flying instructor at the Naval Air Station located in Pensa-cola, Florida. Major Campbell, along with his wife, Kelli, and their children were later transferred to Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay in Hawaii in 2014. During his time stationed at the Marine Corps base, Shawn served as a CH–53E Super Stallion pilot with Squadron 463, Marine Aircraft Group 24. Throughout his tenure, Major Camp-bell garnered numerous awards and decorations for his bravery. These decorations include: the Air Medal with strike/flight device, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, the Navy Unit Commendation, the Na-tional Defense Service Medal, the Iraq Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and the Sea Service Deployment Ribbon. Madam Speaker, Major Campbell was a fearless leader and a decorated vet-eran. His selfless devotion to protect our country will be forever remem-bered. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of Major Shawn Camp-bell. He will be forever remembered as an outstanding husband, father, and marine. We thank him and his family for their service and their sacrifice for our country. His sacrifice truly reflects the words of Jesus in John 15:13: ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ The loss of Major Campbell and his fellow marines serves as a reminder of the sacrifices the men and women of our Armed Forces make each day to preserve freedom for this great Nation. We are forever in debt to these great individuals who serve our country. As I close, I ask all Americans to continue to pray for our country dur-ing these difficult times, for our mili-tary men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us from threats here at home. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas. He and I were at Texas A&M together in the Corps of Cadets, and I know he didn’t have to look down to read what John 15:13 was because that used to be a Campusology question that freshmen had to memorize. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.078 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH994 February 26, 2016 
The question was: What is the in-scription on the Memorial Student Center at Texas A&M? The proper correct answer, succinct: The inscription on the Memorial Stu-dent Center at Texas A&M is ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends, John 15:13.’’ It is also touching to me each time I come through the southern entrance of the Capitol, the main entrance for visi-tors coming into the Capitol—I guess more visitors come in through that en-trance—immediately as you pass through the metal detectors, up on the right is a statue of a Catholic priest named Father Damien. The statue is a bit strange in the way it is squared off, but there is nothing strange about the life that he lived. The fact that Hawaii would pick as one of the two allowable statues it has, Fa-ther Damien to be represented, I think, is most noble. It also indicates, I think, that 50 years-plus ago, when Hawaii came into the Union, at that time our Nation was still a Christian nation. Our motto still above the Speaker’s head here, ‘‘In God We Trust,’’ was front and center most everywhere. So it shouldn’t have been a surprise that Hawaii wanted to pay tribute for one of its two statues a man who learned of lepers being sometimes just thrown off a passing ship if they had leprosy. Sometimes they would dock and let them go to shore, but there was nothing but squalor, as I un-derstand, back in those days. People knew that leprosy was con-tagious. It is terrible to think, but in the words of the poet, the inhumanity to man. But it was an island full of lep-ers that knew they were going to die as their skin and parts rotted off. Father Damien heard about the situ-ation, went to the island knowing that by going to that island he would indeed get leprosy. He prayed it would be later rather than sooner so he could minister to all those hurting on the island. But he helped them set up a way of life, and instead of just having hopeless, non-societal squalor to live in, he helped them build a way of life, a sense of nor-mality, a way in which they could fin-ish out their life with some element of peace. I believe it was around 15 years or so before he got the leprosy that eventu-ally took him. On the plaque of Father Damien’s statue, one of the first you see when you come in our Capitol from the southern entrance, the words in-scribed at the top of the plaque, ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ That is certainly what Father Damien did. That is certainly what our fellow Aggie, Major Shawn Campbell, did when he laid down his life for his country. With that background, we ought to approach most every issue that this Federal Government faces. We have an obligation to those who have gone be-fore us and have laid down what Lin-coln called the last full measure of de-votion. They have given their lives that we might have a better life. How tragic it is that political cor-rectness has so infiltrated and over-whelmed the United States of America, that when you study history, the col-leges are often described as the intelli-gentsia, the people who are well edu-cated that really figured things out, who are open-minded, where they used to be the most open minded. b1300 When I attended Texas A&M, it was, if not the most conservative, one of the most conservative colleges, univer-sities in America. I was proud to be there, proud to be in the Corps of Ca-dets, proud to have an Army scholar-ship that committed me to 4 years in the United States Army after I grad-uated, proud to look forward to serving my country. As conservative as we were, we were not afraid of inviting very liberal speakers, and we were not afraid of having debate with them, very civilized debate. I recall helping usher Ralph Nader around when he came to Texas A&M, as one of my friends was a host. That was no big deal. It was really an oppor-tunity for a conservative like me and others to have a dialogue with Ralph Nader. It sometimes shocks people that a conservative like me can have some very liberal friends, just like the great Antonin Scalia was very close friends with Ruth Bader Ginsburg. They had totally different views. He believed in upholding the letter of the law of the Constitution and she didn’t, but they were friends. So you can have that friendship, but it is an embarrassment—should be an embarrassment—to this Nation that so many who proclaimed in the sixties and seventies to be the most open- minded among us ended up becoming professors at colleges and began to teach the teachers. Those teachers, in turn, went back and taught elementary school, middle school, and high school. Somehow, over the last 50 years, we have gone from a Nation that recog-nizes that true conservatism is con-fident enough in itself that it is not afraid to have debate and dialogue and hear from all types of viewpoints. Tragically, as the intelligentsia in America become more and more estab-lished in the universities, they have al-lowed these open-minded, broad-mind-ed liberals to have places of promi-nence in our institutions of higher learning, and somehow they have be-come the most close-minded people in America. They don’t want to hear from conservatives. They are embarrassed to have a conservative come speak. It is rather tragic, because no longer are our universities, generally speak-ing, places where all types of thought are analyzed. They are not taught all types of thought. They are given a very narrow version. It is usually very crit-ical of anyone who is conservative, anyone who believes the Constitution should mean what it says, anyone who stands up for the Judeo-Christian prin-ciples on which this Nation was found-ed. One of the great things about being founded on Judeo-Christian principles has been that if true Christian prin-ciples are applied to government, then anyone of any religion is free to prac-tice that religion or not practice that religion, unless the religion is actually a religion of politics that dictates that their believers cannot follow the letter of the law within the United States Constitution. From this podium, I have spoken many times about the Holy Land Foun-dation trial in the United States Dis-trict Court in the Northern District of Texas. It was the largest prosecution regarding terrorism in our Nation’s history. The Holy Land Foundation was found to be a front organization for radical Islamists who were funneling money. They called themselves a charity. Some would be funded to charities, some would be for the children, but they also funneled money to terrorist organizations that were used to ter-rorize people here and abroad. The Bush administration Justice De-partment, since President George W. Bush did not have a heavy thumb on the scales of justice and allowed the Justice Department to pursue any crime that they saw, any threat to America—unlike the present day—they went after the Holy Land Foundation. They had evidence to show that the Holy Land Foundation and many orga-nizations and many leading people claiming the Muslim faith were actu-ally tied together and were coconspira-tors in funneling money to charities, for sure, but also to terrorist organiza-tions. As I understand from former mem-bers of the Justice Department who are still friends, the strategy was to get convictions in that first massive pros-ecution. I think there were over 100 counts of supporting terrorism. They were to get convictions there. In the same case, having named many coconspirators who were not ac-tually indicted, if they could get those convictions, as they knew the evidence indicated they should, then they would go after the named coconspirators who were unindicted at that point and go ahead and indict them and get prosecu-tion and conviction of coconspirators. Well, there were some names of groups and individuals in that prosecu-tion named as coconspirators sup-porting terrorism who were offended. Perhaps they were more concerned with their public image of being chari-table when, actually, they were being exposed through this prosecution by the evidence that existed that they were coconspirators in supporting ter-rorist groups and terrorist acts. They filed a motion to have their name struck as coconspirators in supporting terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.079 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H995 February 26, 2016 
One such group was CAIR, or the Council on American-Islamic Rela-tions. People like Imam Magid, who has been president of the Islamic Soci-ety of North America, was also named as a coconspirator. Anyway, they filed motions to have their names stricken as coconspirators. There was an evidentiary hearing, evi-dence produced, and the United States district judge ruled in the case that there was plenty of evidence to support that those individuals named were in-deed coconspirators to fund terrorism. Well, not happy with that, they ap-pealed to the Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals. They said: Gee, we should have our name struck as being coconspira-tors in supporting terrorism. I have even read from the opinion of the United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals that ruled that not only is there evidence that these individuals— like CAIR, the Islamic Society of North American—not only is there evi-dence, but there is actually substantial evidence that they have been co-conspirators in funding and supporting terrorism. Well, I believe it was November 2008, right after Senator Barack Obama was elected President, that the convictions were obtained in over 100 counts. Be-fore the conviction could become com-pletely final, there was a new adminis-tration coming in. We had a new Attor-ney General coming in. The new President and the new At-torney General, Eric Holder, had a dif-ferent agenda. They were not going to prosecute radical Islamist supporters, people that funded radical Islam and their terrorist activities. There would no longer be those prosecutions. So they were dropped. They were dropped. None of those who were listed as co-conspirators were going to be pros-ecuted by the Obama Justice Depart-ment—or, perhaps a better way of say-ing it is the Obama-Holder ‘‘just us’’ department—because they didn’t pros-ecute. As the Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals indicated, there was plenty of evidence to support that they were conspirators. But if that were the end of the story, that would be bad enough. Instead of not prosecuting, this administration made the Council on American-Islamic Relations, CAIR, one of the most influ-ential organizations with a voice inside the White House. If they objected to anything, then the White House imme-diately flew into action and did what-ever CAIR—this named coconspirator of radical Islam, of terror—indicated by phone or otherwise, in person. Whatever they indicated was offensive to them as named coconspirators in supporting terrorism, whatever of-fended them, this administration made sure it was blotted out, covered up, or stopped, whether it was a seminar or conference being given at Langley or an intelligence facility. A 2-day conference for law enforce-ment on radical Islam that was going to be led by people who had spent their adult lives studying radical Islam and who knew the dangers and would warn of the dangers, CAIR finds out, they call the White House, and from what we understand, that is what led the White House to call Langley and cancel the conference on radical Islam for law enforcement and come out with new di-rectives. In effect, it seemed like they were saying, unless CAIR approves of some-body—these conspirators who support terrorism, according to the Fifth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals—unless this co-conspirator that supports terrorism agrees to any comment about Islam, you can’t make it, you can’t have it in training materials. So then began a partnership between what were alleged to be supporters of radical Islamic terrorism and the FBI. Actually, some of that began during the Bush administration. But they had this partnership with many of the named coconspirators supporting rad-ical Islamic terrorism. They are still partners with the President, with this administration. When I say ‘‘coconspirator,’’ I am re-ferring to as named in the pleadings in the prosecution in Federal court that were ruled on in the district court, ruled on by the Court of Appeals, and they said, yes, there is plenty of evi-dence to support that they have sup-ported radical Islamic terrorism. So those coconspirators have been a great help to this administration in ad-vising them of things that offended them as, apparently, coconspirators to support radical Islamic terrorism. Some years back, when we found out the FBI training materials had been completely purged of any information that CAIR found objectionable, we wanted to see those documents. b1315 But we were told that they had been classified. The documents, the training materials, that were cut from what FBI trainees could see, they classified them because they didn’t want the country to know how ridiculous some of the things that were removed from the training material were when trying to train people on what radical Islam was. Because they are classified, I can’t say specifically what training mate-rials were removed. But I can make the global statement that, to me, if a stu-dent training to be an FBI agent is needing to learn about the most radical enemy of the United States that has been—some of my Muslim friends in the Middle East and North Africa have said: They have been at war with you since 1979, and you are still helping them. We don’t get it. Well, this administration not only helps those coconspirators, they listen and are sensitive to anything the co-conspirators supporting terrorism find to be troublesome. But, to me, if you have, say, a verse from what they call the Holy Koran and you are showing FBI agents Scrip-ture that a radical Islamic terrorist holds as Gospel and that the percent-age of Muslims who have taken this radical Islamic path utilized to help radicalize themselves and others, that would be something an FBI agent should know. But, unfortunately, since CAIR ob-jects to FBI trainees knowing verses from the Koran that have helped radicalize Muslims into becoming rad-ical Islamic terrorists, it makes it tough to really be a well-informed FBI agent. Even if you are in the FBI and you happen to know some of those Scrip-tures, even though they have been blot-ted out, hypothetically speaking, from training materials, you know you have got to keep your mouth shut because anybody in the FBI, Justice Depart-ment, CIA, any of our intelligence agencies, that makes the political or occupational mistake in this adminis-tration of pointing out some truth about radical Islamic terrorism, their career will be over, as my friend—and I can now call his name, since he has re-tired—after he knew so much, tried to warn so many about radical Islam, about groups within radical Islam, in-cluding the ones that conducted the terrorism murders in California, tried to warn, provided information. But since his information was offen-sive to radical Islamic terrorists, then he had to be purged from Homeland Se-curity. A man that helped start Home-land Security, had been with them from the beginning, who had won ac-claim and notoriety within Homeland Security for identifying hundreds of people with terrorist ties, became a problem. I tried to work with him for a num-ber of years. We couldn’t get enough assistance. No assistance in the admin-istration. We knew they would come after him. So we were privately trying to help this would-be whistleblower go through proper channels. When Homeland Security and Con-gress recommended he go file an IG complaint, I knew it was a mistake. We should have taken action ourselves. But he filed the IG complaint. The IG’s office in Homeland Security had already been condemned for alter-ing an IG report in order to protect the administration. They were going to do an investigation on thousands of pages of records that linked some people that advised this administration with ter-rorists and terrorist organizations? They deleted those thousands of pages? I knew that, if he filed an IG com-plaint, they would come after him be-cause the evidence was so damning for this administration that they would do what they always do. You don’t go after the people that are conspiring to harm America. You go after the whistleblower who has blown the whistle on your callousness toward those who would hurt America. And they did, even having a grand jury empanelled to just harass and destroy the personal lives of him and his wife. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.080 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH996 February 26, 2016 
This man is a patriot. Phil Haney is a patriot. He should have been getting all kinds of awards, not just one letter commending him for finding all these terrorist ties. Instead, they go after him. And the grand jury, after they have probed every orifice, figuratively speaking, that they possibly could, couldn’t come up with anything. So then they put him in, basically, a closet, gave him no responsibility, in essence, forcing him to go ahead and retire, which he has. This is no way to treat one of the most wonderful and intelligent patriots I have ever met. His wife ended up in the hospital during all that harassment by Homeland Security and the Justice Department. But that is what this administration does. If you are a coconspirator, ac-cording to the courts, in supporting radical Islamic terrorism, then we want you as an adviser to this adminis-tration. If you are going to blow the whistle, say, on potential perpetrators of the Boston massacre at the Marathon or the California terrorism that could have been prevented had they properly followed up on the warnings from Phil-ip Haney, you go after the heroes, go after the patriots, and allow the sup-porters, according to the courts, of rad-ical Islamic terrorism to be your advis-ers. So, with that background, Mr. Speaker, I see this article today. It was published on 25 February 2016 by Allum Bokhari from Breitbart. The title is ‘‘FBI Scrubs References to Islam from Anti-Radicalization Game After CAIR Complaints.’’ Okay. So CAIR, this named cocon-spirator supporting radical Islam that two Federal courts said absolutely there is plenty of evidence to support that, not only does this administration not prosecute them, but they have a wonderful office right down the street. In fact, I saw some of them at a hear-ing this week that Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE called in the Judiciary Com-mittee. It was an excellent hearing ex-ploring the naming of the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist activity. So the Muslim Brotherhood, CAIR, I mean, you know, are two peas in a pod. So of course CAIR is going to be there at the hearing, and they were. One of them was kind enough to wave at me. Nice to be recognized. So the article says: ‘‘Earlier this month, the FBI launched Don’t Be A Puppet, a browser-based video game de-signed to counter recruitment propa-ganda from violent extremists.’’ We call them violent extremists be-cause this administration will not call them the radical Islamic terrorists that they are. Our Muslim leader friends in the Mid-dle East and in North Africa, not in our public meetings, but in the private meetings, are appalled that this admin-istration won’t call it what it is be-cause it makes it difficult for peace- loving Muslims to say: This is a part of Islam we need help stamping out. They can’t say that when this administra-tion is saying it is actually not part of Islam. So people can be comforted. The named coconspirators for radical Is-lamic terrorism objected to radical Islam being mentioned in this game to try to stop radical Islamist converters or people being converted. And so the FBI has now removed and replaced ref-erences to Islam and Islamic terrorism on the site. ‘‘The FBI originally intended to launch the site in November, but progress was stalled by CAIR’s com-plaints. At the time, the Islamic lobby complained that the Web site, which is targeted at young people at risk of ex-tremist recruitment’’—that is code for radical Islamic recruitment—‘‘would lead to the ‘stigmatization’ and ‘bul-lying’ of young Muslims. CAIR also contended that the Web site should in-stead focus on rightwing extremists, which they argued were a greater threat to American youth.’’ And parenthetically inserting here, of course, radical Islamists are not a threat to America. Oh, yeah. They tried to blow up a plane on Christmas Day, the Christmas bomber, the under-wear bomber, yeah, radical Islamist. Oh, yeah. They were behind the bombing of Americans at the Boston Marathon. Oh, yeah. They killed all those people in San Bernardino. And oh, yeah, our FBI Director says there are Islamic State cells and inves-tigations in every State in the union, but since this coconspirator to support radical Islam is objecting to using the term ‘‘Islam’’ or ‘‘radical Islam,’’ we can’t refer to that. So we have to start talking about rightwing radicals, this Clinton-esque, rightwing conspiracy that we later found out actually was not a rightwing conspiracy at all. It was a relationship between a President and an intern. And you can be sure your sins will find you out from the stains it leaves. But the article goes on: ‘‘The game still includes a scenario where players are invited to go on an ‘overseas mis-sion’—but the character’s Arabic name has been replaced with a western- sounding one, (Sean S).’’ Oh, my dear friend Sean Hannity’s name is Sean. So it was nice of them to put the initial S there after Sean so they wouldn’t think of Sean Hannity, the most popular Sean in America. But how wonderful that this radical Islamic game is now using the name Sean. That is lovely. Anyway, no longer radical Islamic name. But the article says: ‘‘The FBI also appears to have heeded CAIR’s advice to focus on rightwing extremists, with a new example featuring a ‘white su-premacist rally’ where players are told to commit violent acts in the name of white supremacy. ‘‘According to the IJ Review, ‘the new version of the game does not men-tion Islam, Muslims, or any particulars of Islamic ideology or targets at all, aside from the usual disclaimers that ISIS does not represent mainstream Islam.’’’ b1330 ‘‘While the FBI avoids mentioning the terrorist group at CAIR’s behest, the Islamic State remains among the largest terrorist hubs in the world, with recent estimates from the U.S. in-telligence community putting its num-ber of foreign recruits at approxi-mately 30,000. ‘‘Still, you never know, the FBI may be right to shift focus. Maybe animal rights activists are planning to set up their own terrorist state too?’’ I hadn’t thought about that. Maybe animal rights activists are out there planning some massive international caliphate starting in Syria and Libya, and, boy, do they want Egypt back. That is why the Muslim Brotherhood is fighting so hard to overcome our friend. And when I say ‘‘our,’’ I am not including the President. I know there is no love lost there. Why? Because President el-Sisi there in Egypt is a Muslim who has stood up to radical Islam. That does not endear him to this administration. So it is important to note where we are. I think it is also an indication as to why so many Americans are con-cerned about where our country is and how fundamentally it has been trans-formed for the worse. There is more ra-cial tension. I understand Karl Rove was accused of doing some division politics where you find a group, divide the group against each other, and you know the majority will be on your side. You cre-ate groups. But this administration has been the master of division politics even though it has created more racial strife than we have had since the six-ties and even though we had a Nation that elected an African American President. I have talked probably to thousands of people who have said: Well, I voted for President Obama be-cause I wanted to be able to say that I voted for the first African American President. What happened to Martin Luther King’s dream of a day in America when we are judged by the content of our character, not the color of our skin? For heaven’s sake, to elect a man be-cause of his race is as racist as any of the wackos in America who indeed ac-tually are racist. You shouldn’t be electing somebody because of the color of their skin. Elect them because of who they are, what they believe, and whether they will help the country. We have seen the divisions in this country. We have seen more debt arise than was ever imaginable. How can a man accuse George W. Bush of being unpa-triotic because in 2006, for heaven’s sake, we had a $160 billion deficit, about $160 billion or so more going out than we had coming in? That is un- American. That is unpatriotic. He is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.082 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H997 February 26, 2016 
accusing George W. Bush. And what happens? He becomes President, and he demands a $1.6 trillion deficit. So if Bush were unpatriotic for hav-ing a budget that helped create $160 bil-lion deficit—obviously, it is Congress that passes the ultimate budget, with no thanks to the Senate. But I guess that makes it 10 times more unpatri-otic for anyone who supports a budget that creates 10 times more of a deficit. It is interesting that Americans have gotten so upset in this election cycle. Some are actually scared. Some of them reflect the opinion that I have mentioned that I heard from a senior gentleman from Togo, Africa, when I was visiting there in years past. Before I left, he wanted to meet me and visit with me. As he explained: ‘‘We were so excited here when you elected your first Black President. But since he has been Presi-dent, we have seen America grow weak-er and weaker. And please tell people in Washington’’—so I keep telling peo-ple here, Mr. Speaker, I want them to know what he said. ‘‘Since he has been President, we have seen America grow weaker and weaker. And when America is weaker, we suffer.’’ They are Christians. They know where they are going when they die. But he was making emphatically clear that, as America has gotten weaker and weaker in this administration and there is more domestic division in this country under this President, friends around the world are suffering more than ever before. There are more Chris-tians being persecuted than ever in his-tory and more Jews being persecuted than ever in history. Despite this administration’s re-peated statements about all of the hate crimes against Muslims, the FBI sta-tistics do not, have not, and will not bear that out. It is not Muslims in America that are the number one vic-tims of hate crimes. Try looking at Jews. Try looking at others, because it is not the Muslims. So it begins to be a bit offensive as more Christians are being persecuted and killed in the world than ever at any time in our world history to con-tinually defend those whom courts have said are coconspirators in perse-cuting Christians and Jews. It is basi-cally anathema to what America has been and thought in the past. So as that has gone on and people have gotten so upset, it has been amaz-ing to see an ally in Congress, T
ED C
RUZ, being attacked for being for am-nesty. I was here. I was thrilled when T
EDCRUZ got elected. I had known him. I knew he was brilliant and I knew he was truthful, so I was thrilled. A number of us would meet sometimes at his office, sometimes other places, trying to strategize: How do we stop the Republican establishment’s caving in and doing the will of the administra-tion to allow a massive amnesty? We knew the administration was not enforcing the border properly. We knew that they were allowing people in in droves; and the more they came in ille-gally, the more others heard that you can come in illegally. As one of the border patrolmen told me in the wee hours of the morning: We are called logistics by the drug cartels and the gangs in Mexico. All they say they have to do is get people across the river and Homeland Secu-rity is logistics. We ship them any-where they want to go. There is a great deal of truth to that. So it has been amazing to see this re-invention of what really happened back in those days. We had a fantastic election in Flor-ida where our friend was elected there, a Tea Party favorite. Thank goodness. We were so thrilled, because it meant because of his promises we had another ally in the Senate that would help us stop the Republican establishment’s cave to the Obama administration’s de-sire for amnesty. CHUCK SCHUMER , for all he is, he ac-tually can be quite persuasive. And J
OHNMCCAIN, for all his efforts in 2007 that nearly cost him a chance to be the nominee so he could lose in defeat to the Democrats, his push for amnesty in 2007 nearly kept him from being the nominee to lose in the general election. Gosh, if he had continued to push his amnesty, he would not have gotten the nomination. Who knows? Maybe Barack Obama would not have won in 2008. It is interesting to think about. I was looking at this article by Sarah Rumpf back in January of 2015. She had been asking about problems that I had, and I pointed out, I referred back to broken promises by our Speaker and why we needed a new Speaker, and it was the same Republican establish-ment problem we had had. As the article says, one of the biggest broken promises included ‘‘promising to ‘fight tooth and nail’ against Obama’s executive amnesty orders, but then allowing the CR/Omnibus bill to proceed forward.’’ But it wasn’t just that. It was so much that had been going on for a number of years. So there was no one who felt more dejected than our little group that was gathering regularly trying to come up with ways to slow down the Gang of Eight bill because we knew that once this handsome, young, articulate guy that had just been elect-ed from Florida was talked into being the leader on the bill—very clever get-ting him to be the leader on the bill— we knew it was going to be a very, very, very difficult thing to stop. Going back, here is an article from April 15 of 2013 by Byron York of the Washington Examiner: ‘‘A Look Deep Inside the Gang of Eight Bill—and How They’ll Sell Immigration Reform to Conservatives.’’ He points out regarding this Gang of Eight bill, he says: ‘‘Of course some in the GOP are still panicked by last No-vember’s election results and will be inclined to sign on to almost any deal. But many of the more conservative Re-publican lawmakers on Capitol Hill will have to be convinced that the Gang’s proposal is an acceptable way to go. It won’t be easy.’’ Anyway, he points out that, ‘‘Start-ing this week, with the release of the bill, the Gang will launch an extensive public information campaign’’—with Senator RUBIO leading—‘‘lots of press releases, frequently asked questions, and fact sheets specifically addressing the concerns about reform that con-servatives have raised in recent months.’’ It also talks about, ‘‘The GOP Gang’’—the GOP Gang of Eight, he is talking about—‘‘members know full well that the Federal Government has promised all those measures and more over the years, and the border is still not secure and businesses still hire ille-gal immigrants. For example, Congress has passed multiple laws requiring entry-exit systems similar to what the Gang will propose, and the system has never been built. So Gang members know that conservatives, at least, will be skeptical. ‘‘The answer the Gang hopes will re-assure those skeptics is the concept of triggers. They’ve set up three points at which the bill’s requirements will have to be met before the process’’—of am-nesty is what he is talking about—‘‘can continue.’’ But anyway, it goes on and discusses the Gang of Eight bill. Americans had heard these promises before, going back to 1986 when a hero of mine and a hero of my friend D
ANA R
OHRABACHER , who was a former speechwriter, got talked into signing off on an amnesty that turned Cali-fornia blue probably for the rest of my lifetime. That was a Republican Presi-dent that got tricked into doing that. They got the amnesty, never got the enforcement. And that is what the Gang of Eight bill was going to do. Americans knew it, but we had to fight it like crazy. So anyway, I just find it interesting, as someone who met with Senator C
RUZ on a regular basis trying to strategize, my friend, S
TEVE KING, and I met in his office sometimes about all of these efforts to stop this Gang of Eight bill that would have given am-nesty. Here is another, from June 11, 2013, ‘‘‘Gang of Eight’ Immigration Bill Clears Senate Hurdle.’’ I know Senator C
RUZwas doing all he could to stop it— greatly appreciated. Actually, if they hadn’t slowed that down, that gave us the ability to slow it down even fur-ther. Here is an article from The Daily Signal by Amy Payne and Kelsey Lucas, June 24—my anniversary—2013. It talked about that Gang of Eight bill now has ‘‘ballooned to 1,190 pages.’’ That makes it what you would call comprehensive. As I pointed out to friends before, when you hear the words ‘‘comprehen-sive bill,’’ the loose definition of a comprehensive bill in Congress is one in which some people want to hide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.084 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH998 February 26, 2016 
things that could never possibly get passed if people knew what they were voting on. So it is comprehensive and massive so you can hide those things that could never pass on their own if people knew what they were voting on. So it is amazing to see in politics how perception that is completely false can be considered true just because people are saying it. I know. I was here, and I am grateful that T
EDCRUZ got elected. Without his advice, his meeting with us, encouraging, doing all he could in the Senate, I don’t believe we would have stopped amnesty, and I don’t believe this election would even be competitive. The Democratic nomi-nee would walk away with this thing had the Gang of Eight bill been passed as they wanted. Mr. Speaker, might I inquire how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa). The gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. One other thing that has been really intriguing, Mr. Speak-er, this verse has been quoted time and time again in recent years. I know there are people that freak out when I quote Bible verse because they had one of these liberal teachers that didn’t teach them the truth about American history and the fact that the Bible has been the most quoted book—nothing even close—so many times more than any other book or any other author ever in American history. The Bible has been quoted on the House floor and Senate floor by Presidents more than any other book. b1345 The President says we are not a Christian Nation. I used to say I won’t debate that, and now I think he is right. But we were. We started out based on Judeo-Christian principles, so much so that a very thorough decision by the U.S. Supreme Court back in the late 1800s, when we had finally done the right thing and eliminated the scourge to this Nation that had held this Na-tion back for many decades, called slavery, was finally ended. The Supreme Court went through all of the foundings, the Founders, the statements of the Founders, state-ments and founding documents, state-ments of State constitutions, and con-cluded after all of the recitation of evi-dence—130, 140 years later—they said: This is a Christian Nation. Well, it was back in the late 1800s. It doesn’t hurt to still quote scrip-ture. We have other religions rep-resented in the House—friends. You can be Muslim, Buddhist, atheist, ag-nostic, whatever you want to be. I have got a number of really wonderful Jew-ish friends in Congress. You can be whatever you want to be because a gov-ernment based on Judeo-Christian principles will protect everyone’s rights. Islam will not protect rights like that. There is really not another reli-gion that, beliefs of which, will protect every religion, no religion, equally. That is because we know. God gives us those choices. So who are we to take them away? Back in 2 Chronicles, the verse is very clear, and God was pointing this out. I realize Moses—it is up there, the only full face profile here in this room—was considered the greatest law-giver of all times, although the Su-preme Court last summer basically said: Forget what Moses said and God said. He didn’t know what he was talk-ing about. When Jesus quoted Moses about marriage, he didn’t know what he was talking about. They were a bunch of fools. They didn’t know. We are much smarter than Moses and Jesus. Now our Supreme Court major-ity is our God. But 2 Chronicles 7:14: ‘‘If my people who are called by my name humble themselves, pray, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and heal their land.’’ I preached a sermon on that last summer entitled ‘‘Humble or Crum-ble.’’ We do need to humble ourselves as a Nation, but we don’t even have to do it as a Nation. It makes clear it is not everybody. It doesn’t have to be ev-erybody in America. Just those who are called by the Lord’s name. If you humble yourself, pray, see God’s face, turn from your wicked ways: I will hear from heaven, I am going to heal your land. You will be blessed beyond. I really think that after the Civil War and we finally ended the scourge of slavery, that is when we started being blessed beyond measure. So the 20th century was just absolutely in-credible, and we became a superpower blessed beyond measure. When we be-came a superpower, of course, like so many times in history, nations that were begun on the Judeo beliefs, once they turned from acknowledging God, then God let them go. That is why Christians had believed this was such an important verse. I have heard it thousands of times in re-cent years. I just have to note, Mr. Speaker, it is interesting now that Christian leaders across the Nation have said: I think we are going to have to change this. Let’s have a new translation. How about if we say: If my people are called by my name, we’ll select a leader who says he has never humbled himself, he has never asked forgiveness of God, if we can just get a leader who will never humble himself, then God will hear that from heaven and he will heal our land. I want to close with these words from Francis Scott Key, April 14, 1814. As a captive on a British ship and the Brit-ish unmercifully bombed Fort McHenry, he didn’t figure there was much left. When the morning came and there was Old Glory, he penned The Star Spangled Banner. I will close with the last verse, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘O! thus be it ever, when free men shall stand Between their loved home and the war’s desolation; Blest with vict’ry and peace, may the Heav’n-res-cued land Praise the Pow’r that hath made, and preserved us as a Nation! Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just; And this be our motto, ‘In God is our trust!’ And the star spangled banner in triumph shall wave O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave!’’ May we remember those words. I yield back the balance of my time. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 238. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin cap-sicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 25, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 890. To revise the boundaries of cer-tain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Florida. H.R. 3262. To provide for the conveyance of land of the Illiana Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois. H.R. 4056. To direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to convey to the Florida De-partment of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Af-fairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida. H.R. 4437. To extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care. H.R. 487. To allow the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa to lease or transfer certain lands. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Feb-ruary 29, 2016, at noon for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4478. A letter from the Director, BPMS, Agricultural Research Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Changes to Fees and Payment Methods (RIN: 0518-AA05) received February 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4479. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.085 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H999 February 26, 2016 
Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s affir-mation of interim rule as final rule — Golden Nematode; Removal of Regulated Areas in Orleans, Nassau, and Suffolk Counties, New York [Docket No.: APHIS-2015-0040] received February 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4480. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Report to Congress on the Study on Raising the Minimum Age to Purchase To-bacco Products, pursuant to Public Law 111- 31 Sec. 104(2); (123 Stat. 1841); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4481. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality: Revision to the Regulatory Definition of Volatile Organic Compounds — Requirements for t-Butyl Ace-tate [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0795; FRL-9942-80- OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR65) received February 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4482. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Revisions to the Utah Division of Administrative Rules, R307-300 Series; Area Source Rules for Attainment of Fine Partic-ulate Matter Standards [EPA-R08-OAR-2014- 0369; FRL-9935-54-Region 8] received Feb-ruary 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4483. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Prevention of Significant Deterioration; Fine Particulate Matter [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0006; FRL-9942-90-Region 3] received February 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4484. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Iowa Plan for the 2008 Lead Standard [EPA-R07-OAR-2015- 0582; FRL-9942-79-Region 7] received Feb-ruary 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4485. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — D-Glucitol, 1-deoxy-1- (methylamino)—, N-C8-10 acyl derivatives; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0249; FRL-9942-43] received February 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4486. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Federal Plan Requirements for Sewage Sludge Incineration Units Con-structed on or Before October 14, 2010 [EPA- HQ-OAR-2012-0319; FRL-9940-50-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR77) received February 25, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4487. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Trifloxystrobin; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0709; FRL- 9941-92] received February 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4488. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Persons and Modifica-tion of Certain Entries to the Entity List; and Removal of Certain Persons from the Entity List [Docket No.: 151209999-5999-01] (RIN: 0694-AG81) received February 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4489. A letter from the Chairman, Con-sumer Product Safety Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s Annual Perform-ance Report for FY 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1116(a); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 4; (124 Stat. 3871); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4490. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s 2015 Annual Report, pursu-ant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4491. A letter from the Architect of the Capitol, transmitting the Semiannual Re-port of Disbursements for the operations of the Architect of the Capitol for the period of July 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015, pursu-ant to 2 U.S.C. 1868a(a); Public Law 113-76, div. I, title I, Sec. 1301(a); (128 Stat. 428) (H. Doc. No. 114—108); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 4492. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Department’s Report of Lobbying Disclosure Act Enforcement for January 1, 2012, through June 30, 2015, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 1605(b)(1) Public Law 104-65, as amend-ed by Public Law 110-81; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4493. A letter from the Executive Director, World War I Centennial Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s Periodic Report for the period ending December 31, 2015, pur-suant to Public Law 112-272, Sec. 5(b)(1); (126 Stat. 2450); jointly to the Committees on Fi-nancial Services, Natural Resources, and Oversight and Government Reform. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. R
OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 4633. A bill to modify and extend re-porting requirements on the use of certain Iranian seaports by foreign vessels and use of foreign airports by sanctioned Iranian air carriers; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 4634. A bill to direct the United States Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for Eastvale, California; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4635. A bill to provide for a prescrip-tion drug take-back program for members of the Armed Forces and veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Armed Services, the Judiciary, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER ): H.R. 4636. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require agencies to respond to comments from congressional committees about proposed rule making, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. SANFORD (for himself and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ): H.R. 4637. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to permit the Govern-ment of Puerto Rico to opt out of the appli-cable Federal minimum wage under such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself and Mr. C
HABOT ): H.R. 4638. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to allow for the cre-ation of venture exchanges to promote li-quidity of venture securities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BLUM (for himself and Mr. M
EADOWS ): H.R. 4639. A bill to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide modifications to au-thorities relating to the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. JOLLY (for himself, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. A
BRAHAM , and Ms. G ABBARD ): H.R. 4640. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a review of the deaths of certain veterans who died by sui-cide, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 4641. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of an inter-agency task force to re-view, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medi-cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self and Mr. M
CNERNEY ): H.R. 4642. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a Medicare diabetic eye disease prevention and early treatment demonstration project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself and Mr. H
ONDA ): H.R. 4643. A bill to improve the literacy and English skills of limited English pro-ficient individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4644. A bill to establish dual language education programs in low-income commu-nities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 4645. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide support to envi-ronmental justice communities and environ-mental justice projects; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26FE7.000 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1000 February 26, 2016 
HOYER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia, Mr. B
ECERRA , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. H
AHN, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. M
OORE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S IRES, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. K IND, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C
APPS , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 4646. A bill to provide access to coun-sel for children and other vulnerable popu-lations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. H
INOJOSA , and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 4647. A bill to establish regulatory re-lief for certain financial institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. H OYER , and Mr. R
EICHERT ): H. Con. Res. 120. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 3rd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congres-sional Flag Presentation Ceremony; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4633. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 4634. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress). By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 4636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion states: All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Sen-ate and House of Representatives. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 4637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 4638. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 (‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof’’) By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4639. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 4640. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 4641. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 4642. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4643. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4644. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 4645. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 4646. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 4647. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS TO PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 93: Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 267: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 528: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 539: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 542: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 592: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 699: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 802: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y
ODER , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 816: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 932: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 986: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 997: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 1170: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 1292: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 1343: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1397: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 1399: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 1488: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1602: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1769: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 1941: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1977: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 1995: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 2124: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. H.R. 2197: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 2227: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2246: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 2264: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. N
OLAN , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2268: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2367: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 2403: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2515: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 2655: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 2656: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2698: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 2737: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. B
ECERRA . H.R. 2805: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2896: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 2901: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 2939: Mr. C
ONYERS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 2963: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 3012: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 3071: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 3080: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 3099: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. A
LLEN , and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 3110: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 3235: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 3250: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 3307: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 3463: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 3515: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 3566: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 3779: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 3817: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3818: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 3861: Mr. B
ERA, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 3865: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3879: Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 3892: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 3917: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. L EE, Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3926: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4073: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4088: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 4126: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4132: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 4134: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 4219: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. D OLD. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26FE7.100 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1001 February 26, 2016 
H.R. 4238: Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4249: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 4262: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 4277: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 4281: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4293: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. N
UNES , and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 4294: Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. D UNCAN of Ten- nessee, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan. H.R. 4305: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 4320: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 4336: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 4361: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 4376: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G
RAYSON , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 4380: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4381: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 4430: Mr. B
LUM, Mr. C OLE, and Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 4436: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4446: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 4474: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4479: Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4480: Mr. B
EYER and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4499: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 4526: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4533: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4539: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 4540: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4550: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4570: Mr. G
IBSON , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4571: Ms. B
ASS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Ms. L
EE, and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas. H.R. 4582: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4585: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. N
OLAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4592: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. C APUANO , and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 4597: Mr. K
INGof Iowa and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 4598: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 4599: Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4601: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4611: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. L EE, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4615: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. B ERA, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4620: Mr. M
ESSER . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. G OSAR . H. Res. 346: Mr. P
EARCE . H. Res. 417: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H. Res. 432: Miss R
ICEof New York. H. Res. 591: Mr. K
LINE, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H. Res. 615: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. B RATand Mr. Y OHO. H. Res. 616: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. L
EWIS, Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. G RA-
HAM, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. E
DWARDS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F
ATTAH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. M
ENG. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.005 H26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE231 February 26, 2016 
SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 25, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes: 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I ask for the House’s attention today to support H.R. 2406, the SHARE Act. As a lifelong gun owner and sportsman, I strongly support the SHARE Act. I believe it defends our Second Amendment rights. It also upholds our nation’s heritage and history of hunting and shooting. The SHARE Act pro-motes the interests of hunters and recreational shooters in Alabama’s Third District, and I offer my strong support. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE FILIPINO WOMEN’S CLUB OF SALINAS 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Filipino Women’s Club of Salinas (FWCS) on the occasion of its 86th Anniver-sary. The FWCS has been a pillar of Central Coast community service through most of the 20th Century, and exemplifies its motto of faith, worth, courage, and service. I am con-fident that the leadership and members of the FWCS have the vision, skill, and motivation to carry the organization forward into the 21st Century. The FWCS grew out of the struggles of Fili-pino farm workers for recognition and fair treatment in the early 20th Century. Many of the Filipino immigrants who came to California in the years around WWI gravitated to farm work in the Salinas and Central Valleys. In the Salinas Valley, some of the more enterprising fieldworkers had developed their own abilities to manage teams of workers and the regions’ growers began to work with them as labor contractors. Most of these successful contrac-tors were married—a rarity in that time given the laws that limited the immigration of Filipino women and interracial marriage. These wives cared for and counseled many Filipino field workers, most of whom had no family in the United States. Thus many Pinoy workers en-joyed the support of a surrogate mother or big sister. This economic success led many Filipinos to become active in the civic life of the Salinas Valley. Filipinos started businesses, founded churches, and even published a Filipino com-munity newspaper, the Philippines Mail. The leaders of this civic activism founded the FWCS as an extension of this passion for community service. One of the early FWCS presidents, Paulina Morales, was emblematic of that spirit. She organized a Filipino youth marching band, promoted Filipino folk music performances, and generally brought Filipino culture to the general public. As the decades passed, the FWCS build on this foundation to become an integral part of the Salinas Valley’s community fabric. In the wake of WWII, the FWCS helped to support U.S. and Filipino veterans. It established a scholarship fund for local youth. Following the eruption of Mt. Pinatubo in the Philippines, the FWCS raised funds to help the disaster’s vic-tims. And in just the last decade, the FWCS has joined in a civil society effort to support nation building in the Philippines. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply honored to rep-resent this remarkable community of leaders. I know I speak for the whole House in recog-nizing the accomplishments and long tradition of service exemplified by the FWCS. I am con-fident that this tradition will carry on for many years to come. Mabuhay! f 
SHIELD OF HONOR 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a real American Hero, and the pres-entation of The Medal of Honor to United States Navy SEAL Chief Special Warfare Op-erator Edward Byers at The White House by President Obama. I ask that this poem penned in his honor by Albert Carey Caswell be placed in the R
ECORD . 
All in the battle, all in the fight When death looms so all in sight When valor is on the rise, at its height When who lives and dies, and lives to see an-other sunrise so all depends on you Rescue me this night To shield another with ones life Is but the SEAL of Honor at its height For such things Angels up on high are in flight As truly stands at Honor’s height When, hearts of courage so ignite Rescue me, rescue me this night When the most courageous souls burn bright While, all in the darkest hours they bring their light Who with Strength In Honor win the fight As there you stood Edward for all that’s right You and your Brothers In Arms, with such magnificent hearts so warm in sight So willing for each to lay down your life Ode to be one of those men of honor who fight the fight Who shield us all, with their call to duty in their most heroic lives Bringing tears to the angels eyes Whose loved ones at home worry and cry So on this day Edward, we bestow The Medal of Honor all in full sight To teach our children well, of what within hearts of Honor dwells so very bright For men like you Edward live and die, by an Honor Code so very high to win the fight And do not ask why All in service to Country Tis of Thee you strive Who Shield us all as they stand tall with all their might To rescue me all in the darkest nights Who run towards the fight This Medal of Honor America’s Son, we now bestow upon you this night For your Shield of Honor, while all in Honor’s light f IN RECOGNITION OF THE VICTIMS OF THE SUMGAIT POGROMS 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the Sumgait pogroms, one of the most horrific attacks against the Armenian people, committed at the hands of Azerbaijanis 28 years ago. On February 27, 1988, hundreds of Arme-nian civilians living in the city of Sumgait in Azerbaijan were indiscriminately killed, raped, maimed, and even burned alive for no reason other than their ethnicity. This senseless vio-lence was instigated by hostile, anti-Armenian rhetoric from Azerbaijani citizens and officials against innocent Armenians. For nearly three decades, Azerbaijan has taken steps to cover up these crimes against humanity and dismiss the atrocities at Sumgait. Even more disturbing is that per-petrators of this event and similar violent at-tacks have since been lauded as national he-roes. I condemn these horrific attacks. Tragically, the Azerbaijani government’s approach toward the Armenian people has not changed much since these attacks were perpetrated. In 2016, we hear the same violent rhetoric and witness the intimidation tactics by the Azerbaijani gov-ernment against the people of Nagorno Karabakh. If we do not condemn crimes against hu-manity and allow them to go unpunished and unrecognized we only strengthen the resolve of those seeking to perpetrate these crimes in the future. The Armenian people have known this for too long, as we prepare to commemo-rate the 101st anniversary of the Armenian Genocide in April. I will continue to work with my colleagues on the Congressional Armenian Issues Cau-cus to remember the victims of the pogroms at Sumgait and to condemn all acts of violence against people who are targeted simply be-cause of their existence. I hope my colleagues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.001 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE232 February 26, 2016 
will join me in rejecting violent rhetoric and in-timidation and renewing our commitment to achieving a collective peace. 
f 
HONORING CAAP CO. INC. AND FOUNDER JIM MORAVECK AS THEY CELEBRATE THEIR 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to stand today to join the Mil-ford community and the employees of CAAP CO. Inc. as they celebrate the company’s 40th Anniversary and pay tribute to its founder, Jim Moraveck. Incorporated in 1976, Jim Moraveck found-ed CAAP Co. Inc. with the goal of providing the Air Force with a centralized source for the newly developed rain and high temperature re-sistant coating for their B–1 program. Their aerospace specification material was initially manufactured for the B–1 and F–16 aircraft. Ground-breaking design and research brought CAAP Co.’s color matched, antistatic, rain ero-sion resistant coatings, marking a new era in radome technology and providing the aircraft industry with the first truly antistatic coatings. Today, this small company continues to be an innovative leader in the development and manufacturing of specialty coatings for the F– 35, F–22 and the F–18. What began as one man’s vision of improving a product has be-come an international leader in the industry— that is what Yankee ingenuity is all about! Over the last 40 years, CAAP Co. has earned many accolades for excellence as a small supplier. They have been recognized by Boeing, Northrup Grumman, and Vought Air-craft Industries just to name a few. This com-pany exemplifies the greatest qualities of a Connecticut small business: innovation, reli-ability, and the remarkable leadership of Jim Moraveck. Jim has made enormous contribu-tions to the aircraft coating industry, and has brought so much pride to our state, but more than that he has earned the trust, respect and admiration, not only of those companies he supplies, but of the employees that make up the CAAP Co. family. The letter of invitation I received to the event celebrating this special anniversary was signed by each of the twenty-four employees and it read in-part: ‘‘Not only would we like to have Mr. Moraveck recognized for his techno-logical advancements, but also for his commit-ment to being a wonderful boss and human being who continues to be passionate about the products his company develops. The loy-alty of his employees is a testament to his dedication to CAAP Co., and his work. At 83 years old, he enjoys coming into work every day, and being involved in all aspects of his company.’’ Those beautiful words of sentiment speak volumes about the person Jim Moraveck is and the incredible company he has successfully built from the ground up. I am honored to join the CAAP Co. family in extending my sincere congratulations to Jim Moraveck as he marks this special 40th Anni-versary milestone Small businesses, like CAAP Co., are the backbone of thriving com-munities and I cannot thank Jim enough for his many outstanding contributions to the in-dustry and the Milford community. My very best wishes for many more years of health, happiness, and success. f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. STEPHANIE DUFFY AS THE 2016 SANTA ROSA COUNTY, FLORIDA, TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mrs. Stephanie Duffy as the 2016 Santa Rosa County Teacher of the Year. For more than two decades, Mrs. Duffy has served the students of Gulf Breeze High School and Santa Rosa County with excep-tional enthusiasm, an infectious positive atti-tude, and an unwavering commitment to aca-demic excellence. In Northwest Florida, we are blessed with an abundance of world-class educators and schools, as evidenced by the many schools in the Florida Panhandle that consistently receive the highest possible ratings each year from the State of Florida. Gulf Breeze High School is one of many exceptional schools in North-west Florida, and for over 21 years, Mrs. Duffy has been integral to the success of Gulf Breeze High students, working tirelessly to ful-fill the school’s lofty motto to ‘‘Expect Excel-lence.’’ As a math teacher, Mrs. Duffy provides rig-orous math instruction to hundreds of students each year in a wide-range of vital math sub-jects. Whether she is teaching Pre-Algebra, Algebra I Credit Recovery, Algebra I, Algebra II, Informal Geometry, Geometry, Geometry Honors, Analytic Geometry, Trigonometry, Pre-Calculus, or Math Analysis, Mrs. Duffy’s assiduous work ethic and warm demeanor combine to create a learning environment where her students are simultaneously chal-lenged and supported. By expecting excel-lence, and providing a positive environment for students to engage with important math sub-jects, Mrs. Duffy motivates her students to at-tain their educational goals and develop the math skills that our Nation needs in tomor-row’s leaders. While there is no question that Mrs. Duffy is an exceptional teacher in the classroom, she also goes the extra mile to ensure that her students are successful in both their academic and extracurricular endeavors, helping to build well-rounded students that will become future civic leaders. Mrs. Duffy is known for providing free tutoring sessions to any student that is looking for a little extra help to achieve their goals, or looking to excel beyond the cur-riculum. By making herself available both be-fore and after school, Mrs. Duffy ensures that all the students who want additional instruction have an opportunity for extra learning. Mrs. Duffy also sponsors myriad extracurricular ac-tivities to give students a chance to grow and gain valuable life skills. As the sponsor of study body classes, the National Honor Soci-ety, the Optimist Club, and the Geometry Team, Mrs. Duffy demonstrates a constant commitment to her students, school, and the entire Northwest Florida community. The importance of teachers is unquantifiable, and each and every teacher should be commended for their commitment to our Nation’s future. Throughout her career as a teacher, Mrs. Duffy has shown time and again that she understands the important posi-tion that teachers serve as role models for their students, and her incontrovertible com-mitment to professionalism extends beyond the boundaries of her classroom. Her success and the success of her students speaks for itself; however, her selection as Santa Rosa County Teacher of the Year, chosen from a large pool of extremely qualified applicants, is further reflection of Mrs. Duffy’s tremendous work ethic and steadfast dedication to the stu-dents of Northwest Florida. She has proven to be among the many exceptional teachers in our Nation, and I am proud to have her as a constituent in Florida’s First Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Mrs. Stephanie Duffy for her accomplishments and her continuing commitment to excellence at Gulf Breeze High School and in the Santa Rosa County School District. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating Mrs. Duffy, and we wish her all the best for continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WINFRED PARNELL, M.D. ELECTED AS CHAIR OF PARKLAND BOARD 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Winfred Parnell, MD, a board certified physician in obstetrics and gynecology. On February 19, 2016, Dr. Parnell was named chairman of the Parkland Health & Hospital System Board of Managers. Dr. Parnell has been a pillar in the medical community and in 2004 he was named one of ‘‘The Best Doctors in Dallas’’ by D Magazine. Dr. Parnell practices obstetrics and gyne-cology at Carlos and Parnell, MD, PA, a med-ical practice he cofounded more than 30 years ago. He serves as a regional director for Doc-tors of America and is a member of the Park-land Foundation Physicians Council. He also serves as a delegate to the Texas Medical As-sociation as well as board of directors of BBVA Compass Bank Dallas. Dr. Parnell pre-viously served as a board member of the Dal-las County Medical Society and for more than 15 years served as a board trustee at Medical City Hospital Dallas. A native Floridian, Dr. Parnell earned a bachelor’s degree in pre-medical science at Florida A&M University in 1974 and a medical degree at the University of Florida College of Medicine in 1977. He completed residency training in obstetrics and gynecology at Park-land in 1982. Dr. Parnell and his wife, Debra, are the proud parents of twins, Winfred and Wendy. His daughter, Wendy Parnell, MD, completed residency training at Parkland in 2011 and practices obstetrics and gynecology. His son, Winfred Parnell, MD, is pursuing resi-dency training in family medicine. Dr. Parnell’s dedication to the field of medi-cine has proven his willingness to serve his community. He is an exemplary physician and is highly regarded among his peers. It is an honor to serve someone who has sacrificed so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.004 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE233 February 26, 2016 
much for his community in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBERT FISHER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Robert Fisher of Marshfield, MA on his 600th career win as a high school basket-ball coach and for the incredible work he has done to educate and inspire so many young people. With over 35 years of experience as head coach, Coach Fisher has earned respect as one of the greatest coaches in Massachusetts history. As of this season, only three other boys’ basketball coaches in the Common-wealth have reached the lofty heights of over 600 wins. Coach Fisher’s talents as a business teach-er at Bridgewater-Raynham Regional High School in Massachusetts and his efforts to cofound the basketball program at Bentley College where he had attended brought him to the attention of then-varsity basketball coach and athletic director of Rockland High, A. Scott MacKinlay. In 1966, Coach Fisher start-ed off as assistant coach and by the start of the 1969–70 season was named as the new head coach by Principal MacKinlay. Coach Fisher, or ‘‘Fish’’ as he was known to his friends, went on to coach for 23 years off and on at Rockland High before moving to his alma mater in Quincy, MA for four years. He has since been successfully coaching in Marshfield, MA for 8 seasons. Coach Fisher’s success does not only show in his teams’ wins. Perhaps his most incred-ible feat is that for 35 years his boys have been going to the state tournament and even won 2 titles in 1974 and 2004. For his tremen-dous efforts and passion of the sport, Coach Fisher has been enshrined in three different Halls of Fame—Rockland High, New England Basketball and Bentley College. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in honor of Coach Fisher, who exemplifies what it means to be a coach and role model for so many young men over the decades. I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing this distin-guished educator and in wishing him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PIPER-DANAY SMITH ON RECEIVING THE CIT-IZEN SCHOLAR AWARD FROM MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and congratulate Piper-Danay Smith, an outstanding student at Missouri State Uni-versity, on her selection to receive the Citizen Scholar Award. Each year, this prestigious award is given by Missouri State University’s Board of Gov-ernors to students who have contributed to the university, furthered the university’s public af-fairs mission, and have been significantly en-gaged in extra-curricular accomplishments and/or in important service activities in the community. Since the award was created in 2007, only forty-seven students have been recognized for their stellar achievements. Piper-Danay, from Grandview, Missouri, was one of a handful of exceptional students to re-ceive the award this year. She is a senior nursing major who plans to become a nurse and has further aspirations to eventually ob-taining a doctorate degree. Described by her professor as a strong leader and role model, Piper-Danay has displayed a dedication to helping others that extends past her own ca-reer goals in order to serve the people in her community. Mr. Speaker, Piper-Danay Smith’s accom-plishments have set a great example of what a Citizen Scholar should be. This award rep-resents a great deal of her hard work and dedication. I am proud to represent students like her and I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on this well-deserved achievement. f 
IN HONOR OF ELLEN STOVALL 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ellen Stovall, a true champion for cancer survivors. For decades, Ellen worked tirelessly to im-prove the lives of people with cancer. She knew the issue well, having been diagnosed with cancer three times. Ellen died on January 5 from cardiac complications related to her cancer treatments. On Wednesday, I joined her family, friends, and colleagues across the cancer advocacy community to mourn her loss, both in the pro-fessional sense and the personal. She was a woman who could really get things done; yet through all her hard work she never forgot the importance of relationships, comforting so many in some of our toughest hours. When I think about Ellen, and the great deal she accomplished over the course of her life, I know there is truly so much to celebrate. She was a force. She looked around, found what needed to be fixed, and poured herself into doing it. Ellen broke through the traditional silos in cancer—she has brought together the work of different disease types, patients and providers, researchers and drug developers, caregivers, and support workers. And she worked across the cancer spectrum, from basic research, clinical trials, treatment access, symptom man-agement, and palliative care. And in doing so she brought attention to survivorship. ‘‘Survivorship became what I did,’’ she once said. ‘‘I lived with the cancer, I lived through the cancer, and I lived beyond the cancer. Survivorship became a way that I lived my life after the cancer. I live with the fact that I had cancer, and that knowledge has been empow-ering for me.’’ And in being a survivor, and dedicating her-self to cancer survivorship issues, Ellen was able to amplify the community’s impact in Washington and in communities across the country. Her passion was contagious. She was smart and strategic, with excellent political acumen. But most important was Ellen’s ability to con-nect with others, empathize with their situa-tion, and put herself in their shoes. That ability informed her work—especially in support of cancer care planning. The same tenacity she brought to her battle with cancer, she brought to the halls of Con-gress. The same passion she had for life, she brought to those she comforted as they under-went diagnosis and treatment. And she did it all with great humility. There are few, if any of us, who can say we have improved the lives of so many. But Ellen’s work—her calling—has been to change the system so that each of those indi-viduals, and their families, might have a better experience. Ellen had said it herself. She had the kind of coordinated care and roadmap that helped make the cancer journey a little bit easier. But she recognized that for far too many individ-uals facing a cancer diagnosis, this coordi-nated care planning is lacking or non-existent. She also recognized that there are health care providers who want to do more to help pa-tients navigate their cancer journey, but are currently unable to do so. So, like she had so many other times, Ellen rolled up her sleeves and got to work. And that is how our Planning Actively for Cancer Treatment—or PACT Act—was born. I am so honored to have worked with Ellen and NCCS as I authored this legislation with Congress-man B
OUSTANY from Louisiana. Our bipartisan bill would provide a treatment roadmap for pa-tients that would lay out a plan to address both the cancer and the side-effects of treat-ment. This active care planning empowers pa-tients and families while helping them navigate from diagnosis through survivorship. It helps bring cancer care best practices to all in need. It is a testament to Ellen that she would dedicate her life to helping others get the care that they deserve, even when she was satis-fied with her own. And it is something that I know so many in the cancer advocacy com-munity will continue to champion on behalf of Ellen. So with that, I am hopeful. Ellen might be gone, but in each of us, we know that her spir-it lives on. Her commitment to improving the cancer journey lives on and her passion for life lives on. I’d like to offer my condolences to her hus-band and son whose strength and support were always evident in Ellen’s work. And I’d like to extend my sympathy to her friends and colleagues at NCCS and all the many organi-zations she partnered with. Ellen will truly be missed, but we are still here to carry the torch and improve cancer care for all who need it. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FEBRUARY AS NA-TIONAL MARFAN AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in ob-servance of February as National Marfan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.007 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE234 February 26, 2016 
Awareness Month and to pay tribute to the hundreds of thousands of Americans who are living with Marfan syndrome and related con-nective tissue disorders. I am proud to represent the nation’s fore-most organization working to support the Marfan community, The Marfan Foundation, based in Port Washington, New York. The Foundation was founded in 1981 by Priscilla Ciccariello, a woman of tremendous compas-sion and vision. Since then, The Marfan Foun-dation has worked tirelessly to improve the lives of individuals affected by Marfan syn-drome and related connective tissue disorders by advancing research, raising awareness, and providing support. It is estimated that 200,000 people in the United States are affected by Marfan syn-drome or a related condition. Marfan syn-drome is a genetic disorder of the connective tissue that can affect many areas of the body, including the heart, eyes, skeleton, lungs and blood vessels. It is a progressive condition and can cause deterioration in each of these body systems. The most serious and life- threatening aspect of the syndrome is a weak-ening of the aorta. The aorta is the largest ar-tery carrying oxygenated blood from the heart. Over time, many Marfan syndrome patients experience a dramatic weakening of the aorta which can cause the vessel to dissect and tear. Aortic dissection is a leading killer in the United States, and 20% of the people it affects have a genetic predisposition, like Marfan syn-drome, to developing the complication. If pa-tients receive an early and accurate diagnosis, the disease process can be slowed. However, due to a lack of education and awareness, physicians often do not diagnose a patient until an adverse cardiac event occurs. High school athletes represent the most alarming group of individuals affected by ad-verse cardiac events, with an estimated inci-dence of once or twice per week. The inad-equate health screening of athletes contributes annually to the untimely deaths of many young adults, especially those affected by structural cardiovascular abnormalities, such as Marfan syndrome. A recent example of the need for consistent cardiovascular screening guidelines is Isaiah Austin, who was diagnosed with Marfan syndrome when entering the National Basketball Association (NBA) Draft and thus previously unaware that he was at risk for sudden cardiac death during his entire scho-lastic basketball career. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me and The Marfan Foundation in raising awareness of this life-threatening disorder so we can prevent future unnecessary tragedies. I urge my colleagues to stand with me and re-flect on what we can do to efficiently and ef-fectively address this growing public health concern of health screenings for high school athletes. I look forward to working with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to increase support for health screening programs in pub-lic and private high schools throughout the na-tion that aim to identify this silent enemy of our young athletes. HONORING THE TRINITY EPIS-COPAL CHURCH ON THE GREEN AS THEY CELEBRATE THEIR 200TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, in December of 1812, the Town Council of New Haven, Connecticut, voted to allow the construction of Trinity Episcopal Church on the town green. This vote represented a unique moment of tol-erance and acceptance in the City’s history as since its inception the community and indeed the state was controlled by the Congregational Church with deep Puritan roots. Four years later, construction of Trinity Episcopal Church, affectionately known locally as Trinity on the Green, was completed. Two hundred years later, the Gothic-style church, the first of its kind in North America, continues to proudly call the New Haven Green its home. Over the course of its 200-year history, Trin-ity on the Green has been much more than simply a house of worship. Its parish members have also given back to the community, par-ticularly through Chapel on the Green. Serving the homeless and others, every Sunday, 52 weeks a year, outdoors regardless of weather, Trinity offers a short Eucharist service followed by a simple lunch. Gathered participants sing, offer prayers, celebrate a simple Eucharist and partake of a meal. Throughout the year the services also include a foot washing clinic, handing out of socks and clothing, and a mov-ing memorial to the homeless who have died the past year. Trinity on the Green also do-nates generous resources to a variety of chari-table organizations and parish members can often be found volunteering throughout the City at soup kitchens and shelters. Trinity on the Green is also home to the Trinity Choir of Men and Boys. With members as young as age eight and ranging to men well into adulthood, it is the oldest such choir in Connecticut, one of the oldest in the United States, and one of very few that have been in continuous service since inception. In addition to providing choral music at Trinity worship services, the Choir also performs at the Christ-mas and Spring Concerts as well as through-out events in the wider community. The dedi-cation and talent of its membership has earned the Choir a distinguished reputation and they have regularly appeared with other well-known musical organizations. The young-est of the group have a separate identity as the Trinity Boys Choir and their service to the community is certainly something to be recog-nized. Their frequent outreach activities have included benefit performances for the Chil-dren’s Center, Ronald McDonald House, Sage Services, Newington Children’s Hospital, the Fair Haven Parents’ Ministry, the Smilow Can-cer Center, and for WFSB Channel 3’s annual Joy for Kids Holiday Show at the Hartford Stage. They have sung in the Cathedrals of the British Isles and have been invited to ap-pear at five Christmastime celebrations at the White House. Our churches play a vital role in our com-munities—providing people with a place to turn to for comfort and guidance when they are most in need. Trinity on the Green gives its members a place to find their spiritual cen-ter and to solidify and support their values. For 200 years, Trinity on the Green has been a fixture in our community—a poignant reminder of religious tolerance and acceptance. Their parish members are dedicated to making a dif-ference in our community and have shown a remarkable dedication to serving those most in need. I am proud to stand today and extend my very best wishes to them as they mark this milestone in their history. Happy 200th Anni-versary! 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. KRISTY IMHOF AS THE 2017 ESCAMBIA COUNTY, FLORIDA, TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Ms. Kristy Imhof as the 2017 Escambia County, Florida, Teacher of the Year. For more than a decade, Ms. Imhof has inspired her students through an enthusiastic teaching style that allows students to engage with their learning materials, develop their skills, and reach their highest potential. Throughout her career as an educator, Ms. Imhof has exemplified many of the most im-portant characteristics of a world-class educa-tor. Upon graduating from Florida State Uni-versity, Ms. Imhof began her teaching career at Emerald Coast Academy in Pensacola, de-veloping a curriculum to meet the needs of students with learning disabilities, before join-ing the Escambia County School District as a seventh grade history teacher at Ransom Mid-dle School in Pensacola. Ms. Imhof was at the forefront of educators integrating new tech-nology into the teaching experience to help better engage her students to connect with our Nation’s storied history, and during this time, she also led workshops with her fellow teach-ers to help them incorporate technology into their lesson plans. Thanks in large part to her success leading her fellow coworkers at Ransom, Ms. Imhof then joined an educational consulting com-pany, CompassLeaming, where she was re-sponsible for training teachers and administra-tors from Pensacola to Tallahassee on how to implement new plans to bring computers into the classroom and utilize the expanding array of educational software. Like many great teachers, Ms. Imhof is also deeply committed to serving and improving her local community, as evidenced by her time spent as an English literacy and civics teacher at Santa Rosa Adult School in Milton. In this capacity, she played an integral role in a new district program to improve academic achieve-ment for students from non-English speaking homes, which included her simultaneously teaching civics lessons to non-English speak-ing parents, to better integrate them into the Northwest Florida community, and tutoring their children during school hours. In this ca-pacity, Ms. Imhof consistently went above and beyond, conducting weekly home visits and serving as a liaison to bridge language and cultural gaps, thereby improving the edu-cational experience, and as a result the aca-demic achievements, of many Northwest Flor-ida students. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.011 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE235 February 26, 2016 
In 2013, Ms. Imhof returned to Ransom Mid-dle School, where she began her tenure in the Escambia County School District. In her cur-rent capacity as a seventh grade English teacher, Ms. Imhof strives to challenge and motivate her students to develop a passion for reading and language arts, while also focusing on how to translate their studies into real- world writing skills using extensive modeling and mentor texts. In addition to her success in the classroom, Ms. Imhof continues to be a leader amongst her peers, serving as a Men-tor Teacher to help pass on the lessons she has learned to those entering the educational field. In addition, she also serves on the Inter-view Committee, is the Student of the Month Chairperson, Grade Level Treasurer, and Boxtops for Education Coordinator, while also serving the Ransom student body further as the Cross Country Club Sponsor and Assistant Track Coach. Teachers are amongst our Nation’s most valuable public servants. Both in and out of the classroom, they help mentor their students and ensure that our next generation emerges ready to lead our Nation in the future. Ms. Imhof’s assiduous work ethic, unbridled enthu-siasm, creativity, and commitment to student engagement exemplify the characteristics of an extraordinary teacher, and her selection as the 2017 Escambia County Teacher of the Year is a well-deserved reflection of her suc-cess and leadership in and out of the class-room. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Ms. Kristy Imhof for her accomplishments and her continuing commitment to excellence at Ran-som Middle School and in the Escambia County School District. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating Ms. Imhof, and we wish her all the best for continued success. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ALTOONA CITY PLANNING COMMISSION FOR 100 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Altoona City Planning Commis-sion (APC) on its 100th year of service to the Altoona community. The APC was officially introduced in a 1916 ordinance, by then-mayor Charles E. Rhodes, during a message to City Council. Shortly after the official ordinance was introduced, the City Council unanimously passed it, thereby cre-ating the Department of City Planning and the Altoona City Planning Commission. While the ordinance received unanimous backing from the council, it had previously faced political op-position. Thus, a great deal of thanks is due to those who provided concerted support for the planning commission’s creation. Today, the APC consists of a seven-mem-ber Board of area residents, which is ap-pointed by the Mayor. Acting in an advisory role to the City Council, the APC helps direct the short and long-term development of the city. As such, I would like to express my ap-preciation and that of Altoona’s residents to all those who have served on this Board through-out its 100 years of existence. I believe it is also worth highlighting that the APC is the longest continuously operating planning com-mission in the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania. I am privileged to congratulate the APC on a century of history and service to the Altoona community, and to thank all who have helped this commission continue its success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL FUTURE FARMERS OF AMERICA ORGANIZATION WEEK 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of the young future farmers in the First District of Iowa celebrating the 2016 Na-tional Future Farmers of America Organization Week. The National Future Farmers of America Or-ganization, more commonly known as the FFA, formed in 1928 to provide an opportunity for young farmers to develop their leadership skills and embrace their profession in agri-culture. Since that time, this organization has grown to be and mean so much more to the students that participate. Through the FFA, middle and high school students are engaged in a wide range of cur-riculum and activities, preparing them for hun-dreds of different career opportunities in agri-culture. Across the country, the FFA provides a path to achievement for young men and women as-piring to be teachers, scientists, business own-ers, and other important professions within ag-riculture. The Future Farmers of America pro-vides the skills necessary for the next genera-tion of farmers to face challenges and develop their talents in an ever changing and dynamic field. The Iowa Future Farmers of America has 14,800 students within 226 chapters across the state. I am proud of the job the Iowa FFA is doing training our young people and setting them on a rewarding path for career success in agriculture. Without a doubt, the FFA is pre-paring these next generation of Iowans to be innovators and leaders, as farming continues to evolve to meet the requirements of produc-tion necessary to feed our country. I recognize them for their passion and achievements, and wish the organization and the students all continued success for many more years. 
f 
HONORING THE LATE CHARLES E. CROWNINGSHIELD 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the late Mr. Charles E. Crowningshield of Port Kent, New York, who was extremely dedicated to community serv-ice. Charlie spent 44 years of his life as the dock master for the Lake Champlain Transpor-tation Company and lived his entire life in Port Kent, New York, located in New York’s 21st Congressional District. Charlie will be remem-bered by the family and friends that sur-rounded him as a loyal and dedicated man, with a wonderful sense of humor and a deep faith. Charlie devoted many years to organiza-tions in his community including the Au Sable River Masonic Lodge #149, Keeseville Kiwanis, Town of Chesterfield Zoning Board of Appeals, the North Star Underground Railroad Museum and the Keeseville Elks Lodge. Char-lie also served as the chair of the Town of Chesterfield Republican Committee and was a member of the Essex County Republican Committee. Charlie often spoke of his two true loves, his wife Sue and politics. Charlie will be missed by many for his dedication to civics through his involvement in many local organizations in Upstate New York and beyond. I thank Charlie’s family for sharing him with the community and send them my most heart-felt condolences on his loss. f 
HONORING JOSEPH CARBONE ON THE CELEBRATION OF HIS 20TH ANNIVERSARY AS PRESIDENT & CEO OF THE WORKPLACE, INC. 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, It is with great pleasure that I rise today to join the friends and colleagues gathered this evening to pay tribute to Joseph Carbone as he marks his 20th Anniversary as President and CEO of the WorkPlace, Inc. It is an extraordinary mile-stone for Joe and this remarkable organiza-tion. Under Joe’s leadership, the WorkPlace has evolved into a nationally recognized leader in skill development and worker training. His in-novative vision and approach has brought a myriad of unique programs to life, expanding the agency’s capacity to assist our commu-nity’s vulnerable populations and transforming countless lives. Successfully pursuing both government and private funding resources, Joe has ensured that the programs and serv-ices offered at the WorkPlace continue to meet the ever-changing needs of those they serve. Over the course of the last two decades, Joe and the WorkPlace have been at the fore-front of innovative programming. The SWCT Works Assisted Services Center is the first of its kind and only one in Connecticut. It focuses on ensuring the American workforce system is accessible to people with disabilities. The WorkPlace has taken the initiative to provide veterans, including those who are homeless or incarcerated, a variety of job training, re-em-ployment assistance and support services with a particular focus on opportunities in the green energy industry. Maturity Works is a program that helps unemployed people 55 or older, gain skills to reenter the workforce through paid community service opportunities. Joe’s crowning achievement is his program Platform to Employment, a privately funded program that created a pathway back to em-ployment for individuals who have exhausted their maximum 99 weeks of unemployment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.013 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE236 February 26, 2016 
benefits. P2E provides customized training in job skills, eight weeks of subsidized employ-ment, personal support, and access to existing jobs open with local employers in several in-dustries, including finance/banking, media, manufacturing, and entertainment. P2E gained Joe and the WorkPlace national attention as it took on a serious problem that impacted com-munities and families across the country. With programs like these, the WorkPlace is more than simply a job resource center—it is a think tank for workforce solutions. Joe and his team are able to identify the challenges at the root of unemployment and develop pro-grams and services that help them to turn their lives around. Joe is not only an extraordinary leader in our community, and he is more than a dear friend—he is family. Joe and I grew up in the same neighborhood and we have known each other for more years than either of us would care to admit. He has always been a source of inspiration and guidance for me and I am grateful for that friendship. Today, as he marks his 20th Anniversary as President and CEO of the WorkPlace, Joe can look back on his career with pride and know that his dedication, hard work, and compas-sion have touched the lives of thousands. I am proud to rise today to join the WorkPlace Board of Directors and staff in extending my sincere thanks and appreciation to Joseph Carbone for his invaluable contributions to this outstanding organization and our community. My heartfelt congratulations and very best wishes for continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. ALBERT F. GIALLORENZI, SCRANTON UNICO’S ‘‘UNICAN OF THE YEAR’’ 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Albert F. Giallorenzi who was named the Scranton Chapter of UNICO’s ‘‘UNICAN of the Year,’’ and will be recognized on February 27, 2016 during their Annual Ball. Dr. Giallorenzi is a graduate of the College of the Holy Cross and the University of Penn-sylvania School of Dentistry. Following dental school, he interned at the Philadelphia Gen-eral Hospital and was an oral and maxillofacial surgical resident at Hahnemann Medical Col-lege. Dr. Giallorenzi maintained a private prac-tice for forty years in association with Drs. Christopher Kotchick, Mark Giallorenzi, and Justin Burns, with offices in Scranton, Carbondale, and Tobyhanna. In 2013, Dr. Giallorenzi retired from his practice. Licensed in Pennsylvania for dentistry, Dr. Giallorenzi held memberships in a wide variety of professional associations including Chief of Service at Mercy Hospital for thirty-seven years, President and later Chairman of the Scranton Dental Society, Chairman of the United Way Dental Division, and member of the Advisory Committee to the American Board of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery. In addi-tion, Dr. Giallorenzi served as an Examiner for Board Certification for the Committee of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery, and he volunteered his time with the Pennsylvania Department of Welfare, Jewish Federation Indigent Dental Clinic, Third District Dental Society Board of Governors, Pennsylvania Dental Association, and on the dental staff of St. Michael’s School for Boys. Dr. Giallorenzi has received both Diplomate and Fellow Honors from the American Board of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery, American Col-lege of Dentists, American Dental Society of Anesthesiology, the American Dental Board of Anesthesiology, International College of Den-tists, and the Pierre Fauchard International Dental Honor Society. In addition, he contrib-uted articles to the Journal of Prosthetic Den-tistry, Journal of Oral Surgery and Oral Health, and was an editor for the Bulletin of the Scranton District Dental Society. Today, Dr. Giallorenzi is an active partici-pant in the community, including volunteering service to the American Cancer Society, St. Gregory’s Church, Clarks Green, Cub Scout Pack 152, Abington Junior Soccer League, Waverly Community House, and the Holy Cross Club of Northeastern Pennsylvania. Dr. Giallorenzi also serves on the Board of the Scranton Chapter of UNICO National. He is married to the former Diane Valera, and they have two adult children, Dr. Mark A. Giallorenzi and Christina Giallorenzi. It is a distinct honor to recognize Dr. Albert F. Giallorenzi for his superb service to his pro-fession and community, and I congratulate him on being named Scranton UNICO’s ‘‘UNICAN of the Year.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO BECCA PIZZI 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of one of my con-stituents, Becca Pizzi of Belmont, Massachu-setts. Becca is a single mother, a child care provider, a local ice cream shop manager, and just recently, a world record-breaking athlete. In the early hours of January 30, 2016, in Sydney, Australia, Becca became the first woman from the United States to complete the World Marathon Challenge. This international marathon began in Antarctica and is com-prised of seven marathons on seven con-tinents, all over seven days. In her race around the world, Becca set two world records: the fastest average marathon time among women at 3 hours, 55 minutes, and 11 seconds, and shortest time frame for a female to complete marathons on all seven continents at 6 days, 18 hours and 38 minutes. Upon her return, Becca’s hometown of Bel-mont greeted her and her family with a parade in celebration of her accomplishment. Through all of her training and through the grueling race, Becca credited her 8 year old daughter Taylor as her source of inspiration. Becca’s story exemplifies our community’s unique grit and determination to reach the highest heights despite any obstacle. I thank Becca for inspiring athletes around the world and congratulate her on her historic achieve-ment. RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED SERVICE OF MILTON CHIEF OF POLICE GREGORY BRAND HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Chief Gregory Brand for his dedi-cated service to the Gulf Coast community on the occasion of his retirement as the Chief of Police from the City of Milton, Florida. Always striving for greatness, Chief Brand earned his Bachelor of Arts Degree from Saint Thomas University in Miami, Florida, where he was elected to ‘‘Who’s Who among students in American Universities and Colleges.’’ Upon graduation, Chief Brand began his law en-forcement career in South Florida with the Hollywood Police Department in February 1977. After more than twenty-five years in Hol-lywood, during which he rose to the rank of Major, Chief Brand retired from the Hollywood Police Department and accepted the position of Chief of Police for the City of Milton in May 2002. Although now retiring, Chief Brand will remain in the city which he has grown to love so dearly. As a former Deputy Sheriff, I understand the important and sometimes underappreciated role that law enforcement officers play in the local community in Northwest Florida and in communities across the country. Each and every day, dedicated law enforcement officers put themselves in danger to protect and serve their community as an officer of the law. Chief Brand has been a true pillar of the Northwest Florida community and exemplifies all of the qualities of a world-class law enforcement offi-cer. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful commu-nity, I am pleased to congratulate Chief Greg-ory Brand on his well-earned retirement. His decades of service are a testament to his commitment to the State of Florida, and my wife Vicki and I wish him all the best in his well-earned retirement with his wife, children and grandchildren. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE SPRING ARBOR UNIVERSITY WOMEN’S SOCCER TEAM 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Spring Arbor University wom-en’s soccer team on their 2015 National Asso-ciation of Intercollegiate Athletics National Championship. Under the leadership of the NAIA National Coach of the Year, Jason Crist, the Cougars earned the program’s first-ever national title on December 5, 2015. Led by a strong defensive effort, the team recorded its 10th consecutive shutout of the season against the defending champs, and top-ranked, Lindsey Wilson Col-lege. With the shutout, Spring Arbor became the only team in NAIA history to make it through the tournament without conceding a single goal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.017 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE237 February 26, 2016 
From tournament MVP and National Player of the year—Bethany Balcer—scoring two goals, to tournament defensive MVP and goal-keeper—Sarah Yancer—refusing to surrender a single goal, the entire team rose to excel-lence in their championship victory. The record breaking season for the Cougars concluded with a program-best 23 wins and included a 19-match winning streak. The achievements of the team were not only limited to the field of play. Throughout the season, the team carried themselves in a way that proudly represented our community and the university. When faced with adversity, they responded with integrity, character, and self-lessness. In the classroom, the team main-tained an outstanding 3.5 cumulative grade point average. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Spring Arbor University women’s soccer team on their remarkable accomplishments throughout the 2015 season. 
f 
WELCOMING CAROLINE MARTIN SCHOTHORST 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to congratulate my Chief of Staff, Lauryn Schothorst, and her husband, Bret, on the birth of their daughter, Caroline Martin Schothorst. Caroline was born on Feb-ruary 8, 2016 at 1:34 p.m. in Washington, DC. I would also like to congratulate their son, Owen, on becoming a big brother. I have full confidence that Owen will teach his baby sis-ter everything there is to know about dino-saurs and how to cheer for his favorite base-ball team, the Washington Nationals. Caroline is welcomed by her grandparents John and Debra Bernier of Strafford, Pennsyl-vania, and James and Deborah Schothorst of Grand Forks, North Dakota. We’re blessed to welcome Caroline to our extended office family, and I extend my most sincere congratulations to Lauryn, Bret, and Owen on this wonderful addition to their fam-ily. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT BOB IRISH ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT FROM THE EXETER FIRE DEPARTMENT AFTER 38 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my congratulations to Lt. Bob Irish on his retirement after 38 years with the Exeter Fire Department, and 36 years as a fire in-structor at the NH Fire Academy. Lt. Irish’s continuous progression within the Exeter Fire Department and the NH Fire Acad-emy during his time exemplifies his intel-ligence, positive attitude, and commitment to protecting and serving his community with the utmost professionalism. Although Lt. Irish will now shift his focus from serving his community to spending more time with his five grandchildren, it’s clear he leaves an example of strong leadership and compassion for others to emulate in his wake. It is with great admiration that I congratulate Lt. Irish on his retirement, and wish him the best on all future endeavors. f 
HONORING THE WEST HAVEN COM-MUNITY HOUSE AS THEY CELE-BRATE THEIR 75TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to join the West Haven community as they gather to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of an outstanding organiza-tion—the West Haven Community House. Over the course of the last seven decades, the West Haven Community House has pro-vided invaluable programs and services to those most in need—touching the lives of thousands and improving not only the quality of their lives but of the community as a whole. The West Haven Community House was a community effort from the very beginning. In 1939, social worker Pauline Lang, a visionary leader, gathered a group of volunteers to fa-cilitate a series of public meetings where resi-dents could talk about what issues they felt were most important to their community. Through these discussions there came a clear mandate for a community center that would enhance the quality of life for all West Haven residents, and would serve as a hub of posi-tive activities for children. Soon after, a capital campaign was undertaken, a Victorian home at 227 Elm Street was purchased, and in Au-gust 1941, incorporation papers were signed establishing the West Haven Community House Association. The Community House has always strived to ensure that the programs and services they offer meet the needs of every community member. Since the beginning every effort has been made to create an environment that wel-comed children and adults, individuals and families alike. And as the needs and interests of residents have changed over the years, so has the Community House. Teen dances, Sat-urday cooking classes, after-school activity programs and children’s day camps were typ-ical offerings in the 40s, 50s, and 60s. Today, the Community House offers a host of pro-grams for children, teens, and parents, and has expanded its outreach to include support for adults with developmental disabilities. Cur-rent programs and services include a Head Start Program; before and after school care for elementary school children as well as a summer program; the Positive Youth Develop-ment & Kids in the Neighborhood, an after- school enrichment program for elementary school children; and Community Connections, integration day activities and residential serv-ices for adults with developmental disabilities. It is not an understatement to describe the Community House as the cornerstone social service agency of West Haven. Serving thou-sands of area residents every year, the Com-munity House stays true to its mission to facili-tate healthy, productive, independent and meaningful lives for individuals with disabil-ities, and children, adolescents, and families. A leading voice of advocacy and quality care, this remarkable organization has left an indel-ible mark on the West Haven community. I am proud to stand today and extend my sincere thanks and heartfelt congratulations to the West Haven Community House on its 75th Anniversary. Their good work has made a real difference in countless lives and I wish them all the best for many more years of success. f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT NICKOVICH UPON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to stand before you and my colleagues today to honor Mr. Robert Nickovich and to wish him well upon his retirement. Since 1981, Bob has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Lake County, Indiana, Parks and Recreation De-partment. Throughout the years, he has de-voted his time and efforts to improving the quality of life for residents and visitors of Northwest Indiana. For his lifetime of service, Mr. Nickovich will be honored at a retirement dinner at Turkey Creek Banquet Hall in Merrillville, Indiana, on Friday, February 26, 2016. Robert began his career with the Lake County Parks and Recreation Department as a recreation supervisor in 1972, at which time there was only one park site managed by the department. Since then, the Lake County Parks land has grown immensely, expanding from 400 to nearly 7,000 acres within eleven parks throughout the county. This land in-cludes nature preserves, historic sites, trails, parks, and family-friendly facilities. In 1995, Bob played a major role in the creation of Deep River Waterpark in Merrillville. The facil-ity is nationally recognized and continues to be a tremendous asset to the economy of Lake County, generating millions of visitors since its opening. Bellaboo’s Play and Dis-covery Center was also created under Mr. Nickovich’s direction in 2006. Located at Three Rivers County Park in Lake Station, Bellaboo’s provides a hands-on early learning experience for children. The award winning fa-cility exhibits the significant connection be-tween play and early learning. Through his work with the Indiana Park and Recreation As-sociation, the National Association of County Park and Recreation Officials, the Great Lakes Regional Council, the Indiana Grand Kan-kakee Marsh Restoration Project Steering Committee, and the North American Coastal Project, Bob has been an exceptional leader and passionate activist for parks and recre-ation in Northwest Indiana and beyond. What is little known is Bob’s inestimable help with the creation of the Marquette Plan. At its genesis, if there was a question on a concept or utilization issue, Robert received my first call. The Plan is in every way im-proved because of his sage counsel. In addition to his work with parks and recre-ation in Lake County, Mr. Nickovich has also given of his time through his involvement in various community organizations including, but not limited to, Lake County’s Community Foundation—The Legacy Foundation, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.021 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE238 February 26, 2016 
Waterfowl USA—Northwest Chapter, and he has also served on the board of directors for the Drifting Dunes Girl Scout Council. Bob’s dedication to his community through-out his career is exceeded only by his devo-tion to his amazing family. Bob and his won-derful wife, Julie, have one son, Jim, and two beloved grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I have known Bob Nickovich for my entire adult life and am lucky to have him as a friend. Our region and state have been enriched because of his life of selfless public service. Future generations will profit from his foresight and exemplary work, and his impact on the region will be witnessed for years to come. For his many contributions, Bob is worthy of our gratitude and admiration. I ask that you join me in wishing him well upon his retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HERSHEL SOLOMON GRAUBARD 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Hershel Solomon Graubard on the advent of his Bar Mitzvah. This is an important milestone in this young man’s life and his family is immensely proud, as am I, to see him cross this threshold. The term Bar Mitzvah originates from the ‘‘son of the commandment,’’ signifying a young person’s coming of age and assumption of full responsibility for performing command-ments. It is also at this age that a youngster is first called to bless and recite from the Torah Scroll. For all these reasons, this is a momentous event in Hershel’s journey to adulthood. Mr. Speaker, Hershel Solomon Graubard is growing into a wonderful young man and we are all deeply proud of him. He is someone who cares a great deal about his community and civic engagement— something we would all like to see among more young people. I fully expect that Hershel will do great things in coming years. I am proud to count him and his entire fam-ily among my friends. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in wishing Hershel and his family all of the best for a wonderful day and a joyous celebra-tion. May he continue exhibiting wisdom and ma-turity beyond his years. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 104TH BIRTHDAY OF RODGER WILLIAMS 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the birthday of Rodger Williams. He turned 104 on October 15th. Rodger was born on October 15, 1911, to Carrie Lee Humphries and Frank Williams in Waverly, Alabama. He was the fourth of five children, William, Mary, Jack and Susie and was the youngest boy. Rodger served in the United States Army in World War II. In 1946, he married Bessie B. Caldwell and they were blessed with eight children. His children include: Eddie James, Dorothy Jean (deceased), Clarence (de-ceased), Joseph, Marguerite, Jenese, Jac-queline and Christine. Bessie died in 1989. He also had one daughter prior to marrying Bes-sie, Jean Knight (deceased). Rodger purchased over 100 acres of land after the war and much of his family still re-sides on the property. After the war, he worked in a steel mill in Chicago and returned to Alabama in 1955 working as a farmer. He also worked as a custodian at Auburn Univer-sity for 17 years before retiring. Rodger only finished 6th grade, but believes strongly in education. His children and grand-children have attended Tuskegee College, Miles College, Southern Union, the University of Alabama, Troy University, Faulkner Univer-sity, Vanderbilt University, Howard College and Alabama State University. Rodger loves spending time with his family and enjoying fresh vegetables. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life and achievements of Rodger Williams and wishing him a happy 104th birthday! f 
IN HONOR OF FUTURE FARMERS OF AMERICA WEEK 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week my home state of Texas joined the rest of the country in celebration of Future Farmers of America’s annual National FFA Week: recog-nizing the importance of and advocating for agricultural education and FFA. The tradition was started back in 1947 when the National FFA Board of Directors designated the week of George Washington’s birthday as National FFA Week in recognition of his legacy as an agriculturalist and farmer. Today, thousands of chapters around the country and hundreds of thousands of members celebrate National FFA Week and advocate for increased agricultural education and FFA membership. The Future Farmers of America organization is a staple of our countries agricultural edu-cation; it cultivates young men and women into competent leaders who possess an inti-mate knowledge of agriculture. The organiza-tion is rich in history with its foundation dating back to 1928 when 33 students from 18 states congregated in Kansas City, Missouri and con-structed the organization. Today, the organiza-tion is 629,367 members strong with 7,757 chapters, at least one in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Although FFA membership nationwide is something to celebrate, I want to highlight the state with the largest FFA membership in the country: my home state of Texas. Currently, Texas leads the country in FFA membership with 1021 chapters and 103,379 members. Texas FFA serves as a shining ex-ample to the rest of the country as to what membership and participation in FFA should be. Texans understand the great importance of agricultural education and cultivating the next generation into competent leaders; no or-ganization does that better than FFA and no state does FFA better than Texas. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MEDICAL CENTER OF LEWISVILLE’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Medical Center of Lewisville as they mark their 40th anniversary. With a full-service medical and surgical facility offering 24-hour emergency services, MCL is licensed to ac-commodate 186 patients. Excellent customer service and patient safety are among their top priorities. Originally named Lewisville Memorial Hospital, MCL opened its doors on February 29, 1976. On March 15, 1976 they admitted their first patient and 11 months to the day of their induction, the first baby was delivered. Denton County became the fastest growing county from 1980–1990 and MCL was the cor-nerstone of Denton County’s successful growth-rate. MCL has received many accreditations and honors. Of these, the more notable accredita-tions and honors include: Magnet Designation by American Nurses Credentialing Center (2015); Bill Aston Award recipient (2012); Texas Hospital Association Quality Improve-ment Silver Award (2014); and recognition in Becker’s Hospital Review: 100 Great Places to Work in Healthcare. I have a close connection to the Medical Center of Lewisville as I spent a part of my career practicing medicine there. It has been a great honor to witness the staggering growth that MCL has seen in the last 40 years. Their dedication to serve the Denton County community has been vital to their success as a leading medical center in the northeast re-gion of Texas. It is an honor to serve the staff of Medical Center of Lewisville in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SAMUEL AND JUDITH LORUSSO 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Samuel and Judith Lorusso on being honored by the Falmouth Education Foundation. This well-deserved recognition comes as no surprise to those closest to the Lorusso family as they have been nothing but a source of positivity and strength in the com-munity for decades. Mr. Lorusso followed in his father’s foot-steps in the family business when he and his brothers bought his company Hyannis Sand and Gravel, renaming it Cape Cod Aggregates Corporation, in 1981. Today, Cape Cod Ag-gregates has six locations across Massachu-setts and frequently makes generous contribu-tions to local events and organizations, such as helping to fund a 4th of July fireworks dis-play. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.025 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE239 February 26, 2016 
The Lorussos have been active members of the Falmouth, Massachusetts community, giv-ing back to the education system in the com-munity since 1980. Mrs. Lorusso discovered her passion for supporting our schools and teachers when she began volunteering at Teaticket Elementary School. She eventually went on to serve on the Falmouth School Committee for one term and as the president of the Teaticket Parent Teacher Organization for many years. The Lorussos were also inte-gral to the creation of a walking track at Teaticket Elementary as well as a greenhouse at Falmouth High School. But the Lorussos’ dedication of time and re-sources does not just stop with our educators. Mrs. Lorusso serves as a Falmouth Town Hall member—sitting on the board of the Falmouth Service Center, as well as the Falmouth Chamber of Commerce. And, three years ago, Mr. and Mrs. Lorusso cofounded the Falmouth Veterans Day Breakfast to honor the service of local veterans through a complimentary re-ception. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor Mr. and Mrs. Lorusso for their many years of extraor-dinary service to their fellow citizens and for the sterling example they have set for their friends and family. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating them for being recog-nized by the Falmouth Education Foundation. 
f 
HONORING THE MILFORD CHAP-TER OF THE LINKS INCOR-PORATED AS THEY CELEBRATE THEIR 30TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to rise today to join all of those gath-ered in honoring the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Across Connecticut there will be a multitude of events paying trib-ute to Dr. King, but in Milford, Connecticut a remarkable milestone for an outstanding orga-nization will also be celebrated. With this year’s ‘‘Reflections XXX: A Tribute to Rev-erend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’’ the Milford Chapter of The Links Incorporated will mark the organization’s 30th Anniversary and it is with great pride that I stand today to extend my deepest thanks and appreciation to them for their invaluable contributions to the Milford community. The Milford Chapter is one of two hundred eighty two chapters of The Links Incorporated throughout the United States and in the Com-monwealth of the Bahamas. Established in 1946, this non-profit organization internation-ally includes 14,000 professional women of color who are committed to enriching, sus-taining and ensuring the culture and economic survival of African Americans and others of Af-rican ancestry. For each of the last thirty years, the Milford Chapter has sponsored this remembrance event. In this traditional time of re-evaluation and reflection, this annual event reminds us all to consider how we, whether as an individual or in a larger group, can make more of a dif-ference in the lives of others and strengthen the bonds of friendship and sense of harmony within our communities. Yet this is only one of many ways the Milford Chapter supports and enriches our community. The five guiding ‘‘facets’’ for The Links In-corporated include Service to Youth, Health and Human Services, National Trends and Services, International Trends and Services, and The Arts. Throughout the year Milford Links members sponsor and participate in a variety of events and projects that promote these five pillars. From supporting projects to help recovery efforts in Haiti and bring irriga-tion systems to farmers in Africa to raising awareness on breast cancer and sponsoring scholarships and promoting literacy, Milford Links members are not only making a dif-ference in the lives of others but also inspiring a new generation to give back to their commu-nity. Today, a monument stands—the first monu-ment on the National Mall not dedicated to a white man, a war, or a president—a great granite sculpture of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. And in the line of sight just beyond that statue, you can make out the columns of the Lincoln Memorial. In his iconic speech on the steps of that memorial, Dr. King spoke of ‘‘the fierce urgency of now.’’ He did not just mean a mo-ment in 1963. Over the course of its thirty year history, the Milford Chapter of The Links Incor-porated has worked with ‘‘the fierce urgency of now’’ to make our community a better place to live, learn, and grow. I am honored to rise today and extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to the Milford Chapter of The Links Incorporated for all of their good work on behalf of our community. Theirs is a legacy of service and generosity that serves as an inspiration to us all. My heartfelt congratulations on their 30th Anniver-sary and very best wishes for continued suc-cess. f 
BOKO HARAM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in 2010, we saw a similar dip in Boko Haram’s capa-bility. Its founder was killed and many of its fighters wiped out. Boko Haram went into hid-ing and all was quiet, but that quiet did not last. Boko Haram regrouped, appointed a new leader even more radical than its founder, and came back deadlier than ever. We can’t let that happen again. Boko Haram is still capable of launching deadly asymmetric attacks throughout the Lake Chad Basin. My staff has been tracking their attacks. There is hardly a day that goes by when there is not some sort of Boko Haram attack that kills innocents. Over the past few years, relations between Nigeria and the U.S. have been strained. Joint military trainings were cancelled and the U.S. hesitated to supply weapons to Nigeria’s mili-tary citing concerns about human rights abuses. It took the United States 11 years to des-ignate Boko Haram as a foreign terrorist orga-nization. Finally on November 12, 2013, the night before this Subcommittee and the Africa Subcommittee held a joint hearing on why Boko Haram was not on the FTO list, State Department called to say it was designating the group. That was an important step but there are questions about the implementation of the designation. It does not seem that all the tools that a designation carries are being brought to bear on the group, especially when it comes to stopping its financing. The U.S. has started to do more to help Ni-geria combat Boko Haram since the election of Nigerian President Buhari in late May of 2015. Infantry training has been restarted and we are seeing an increased level of coopera-tion between AFRICOM and the Nigerian mili-tary. In October, the Administration announced that it was sending troops and drones to Cam-eroon as well as surveillance aircraft to Niger. But like the FTO designation these are steps that should have been taken years ago, before Boko Haram was allowed to become more le-thal than ISIS. Now we must do more to sup-port our African partners to stamp out this Islamist menace once and for all. The fight against Boko Haram is essential to U.S. national security interests. In ISIS, we have already seen what happens when we un-derestimate a terrorist group. While Boko Haram may not have the capability to attack the United States today, neither did al Qaeda in the years prior to 9/11. We cannot wait for an attack to happen on American soil before getting serious about destroying those who want to destroy us. Now is the time, when it costs far less blood and treasure, to stamp out Boko Haram. And that’s just the way it is. f 
RECOGNIZING ENGINEERS WEEK 2016 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to draw your attention to a special event, Engineers Week, taking place from February 21st through the 27th. This honorary week is a time to recognize the hard work of all engi-neers and the innumerable contributions they have made, especially within my district and state. The scientific skills and specialized knowl-edge of the engineers in my district have ful-filled my constituents’ daily needs and re-solved some of the major technological chal-lenges of our time. Often referred to as the stealth profession, engineers have influenced nearly everything around us—even when we may not recognize it. Whether designing effi-cient urban environments, protecting towns from natural disasters, or making simple tasks more accessible, engineers provide the life-blood that drives our modern societies. Engineers Week is a formal coalition of more than 70 engineering, education, and cul-tural societies, with more than 50 corporations and government agencies focused on raising public awareness of engineers’ positive con-tributions to our communities. This week also prompts parents, teachers, and students to consider the importance of a technical edu-cation and a high level of math, science and technology literacy, and motivates youth to pursue engineering careers in order to provide a diverse and vigorous engineering workforce. Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor to rep-resent the engineers of my district and their families. I am grateful for their contributions to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.030 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE240 February 26, 2016 
society and benefit daily from their tireless work. I invite everyone to take this week to thank our nation’s engineers for their dedica-tion, to recognize the countless ways they have made our world safer and more efficient, and to encourage the next generation of great engineers in their future endeavors. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE ENVIRON-MENTAL JUSTICE ACT OF 2016 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today and introduce the Environmental Justice Act of 2016. Twenty-four years ago, I first introduced the Environmental Justice Act of 1992, with my good friend and former colleague Senator Al Gore. After introducing our bill, we worked tire-lessly to advance many of the policies pro-posed in our legislation. On February 11, 1994, President Clinton signed Executive Order 12898, ‘‘Federal Actions to Address En-vironmental Justice in Minority Populations and Low-Income Populations’’. This historic Executive Order established the federal infra-structure to identify and address environ-mental risks—especially in minority and low-in-come communities that were often overlooked and underserved. At that time, Senator Gore and I believed that every person has the right to safe water and clean air. We believed children and par-ents in every community deserve access to green public spaces. Since then many of the ideas that we proposed in our 1992 bill have been adopted by the EPA. For example, re-sources like EJSCREEN, help anyone in the country find a report on the quality of their neighborhood’s water and air. Mr. Speaker, there is still much work to be done. The threats and needs are changing, but the urgency of and my commitment to this important and evolving challenge remain the same. In Georgia’s 5th Congressional District and across the country, many people find that even when a serious environmental problem is discovered, it is difficult for them to take ac-tion. This bill responds to this grave reality and makes progress in the fight for every person to have equal access to a healthy environ-ment. The Environmental Justice Act of 2016 will create a tax incentive for 501(c)(3) organiza-tions, like colleges and universities, to devote staff and resources to the hard work of envi-ronmental justice. This bill is intended to en-courage scientists, activists, and organizers to invest their talents into ensuring that existing environmental protections are improved and enforced in every community. People must know their rights and the tools that are avail-able to them. This bill will not only advance the conversation but also invest in the effort. Mr. Speaker, I know that we can come to-gether to address this important national issue. We cannot ignore the public health and safety of our communities. We cannot cut cor-ners at the expense of our friends and neigh-bors. We must fully respect the life and dignity of each and every person, and uphold their right to live, learn, and work in a clean and safe environment. We must cherish this Earth; for it is the only home we will likely ever know. I hope that all of my colleagues will join me in supporting this common-sense legislation. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR. VEVESI LEMAFA 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the lifelong service and career of Mr. Vevesi Lemafa, a son of American Samoa. Vevesi, was born in Pago Pago American Samoa, and attended high school at Faga’itua High School, graduating in 1976. Following his academic career; longing to see other parts of the world, Vevesi joined United States Army in March of 1977, and at-tended Basic Training at Fort Knox, Kentucky. During Vevesi’s time in the military, which spanned 15 years, he served several over-seas tours in Germany, and Korea before sep-arating at the rank of Sergeant in 1991. Vevesi, and his lovely wife Matautu E. Lemafa, who also served in the U.S. Army are the parents to three wonderful children; two sons, Evile and Vesi, and their daughter Meleane, as well as their grandson Vevesi TeToa Fiapa’i Lemafa. Following his military career, Vevesi and his wife Matautu continued their service to our na-tion, and were both employed with the Depart-ment of the Army as civilian employees. In his civilian role, Mr. Lemafa has served as the Administrative Officer and Human Re-sources Specialist for Schofield Barracks in Hawaii for 22 years, which combined with his military service, gives him a total of 37 years of federal service to our nation. As a member of the Mission Support Ele-ment (MSE)—Hawaii, under the Senior Com-mander of the U.S. Army Pacific Command, Vevesi has served as the Administrative Offi-cer/Civilian Human Resources Specialist with the utmost honor, professionalism, dedication and loyalty. Vevesi has assisted managers of the Mis-sion Support Element—Hawaii through his ef-fective programming, and vast knowledge of the many facets of the civilian human re-sources program. Known to always go the extra mile when performing his duties, Vevesi’s people-oriented style earned himself the reputation of ‘‘the-go- to-man’’ for his exceptional, customer-first- based service, and accurate analysis with a positive and ‘‘can do’’ attitude. Though Vevesi is retiring, those Mission Support Element employees who have worked with him have truly benefited through his self-less devotion to duty, and he has earned the respect and admiration of his command. Due to his truly remarkable and commend-able service to our grateful nation, I want to also state my support for his nomination for the Meritorious Civilian Service Award, and wish him the very best on his retirement. God bless the United States and American Samoa. CONGRATULATING ZANE CLARK ON RECEIVING THE CITIZEN SCHOLAR AWARD FROM MIS-SOURI STATE UNIVERSITY HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and congratulate Zane Clark, an out-standing student at Missouri State University, on his selection to receive the Citizen Scholar Award. Each year, this prestigious award is given by Missouri State University’s Board of Gov-ernors to students who have contributed to the university, furthered the university’s public af-fairs mission, and have been significantly en-gaged in extra-curricular accomplishments or in important service activities in the commu-nity. Since the award was created in 2007, only forty-seven students have been recog-nized for their stellar achievements. Zane, from Cameron, Missouri, was one of a handful of exceptional students to receive the award this year. He is presently a senior organizational communication major with mi-nors in general business and economics. Zane has been recognized for his social awareness and compassion, along with his undying deter-mination to significantly improve the world around him. Mr. Speaker, Zane Clark’s accomplishments have set a great example of what a Citizen Scholar should be. This award represents a great deal of his hard work and dedication. I am proud to represent students like him and I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating him on this well-deserved achievement. 
f 
HONORING MR. MADISON MARYE 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks in honor of Mr. Madison Marye, who passed away on February 23 at the age of 90. Madison was a longtime state senator from Montgomery County, and I had the honor of serving in the Virginia General Assembly with him. Though we disagreed from time to time, he was always a gentleman and a person I liked very much. Madison loved the communities of Shawsville and Elliston where he grew up. Madison joined the United States Army, and served in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War before he retired as a major, which he said is further than he ever expected to have advanced in the military. He returned to Elliston to farm, and he opened a gas station as well. In 1973, Madi-son ran for and was elected to the Virginia Senate. While in Richmond, he served on var-ious committees but was most proud of his seat on the Senate Finance Committee as well as his service on the Senate Agriculture Committee. Without a doubt, Madison, for dec-ades, was a feisty legislator and fierce advo-cate for his rural constituency. Madison is survived by his wife Charlotte; his daughter, Charlotte Hawes and husband 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.033 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE241 February 26, 2016 
Michael; his son, James; four beautiful grand-children, Madison Tyler, Jim, Julia, and Emily; and one great-granddaughter, Romina. Madison was a great, memorable person-ality and a good man. He will be fondly re-membered and missed by many in Shawsville and the greater New River Valley. While I note with great sadness Madison’s passing, I am confident that his legacy will live on. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and loved ones. 
f 
GETTING THE WORDS RIGHT: OUR NATIONS COURT REPORTERS AND HOUSE CLERKS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the back-bone of the court system, courtroom reporters make sure that the system works efficiently. Tasked with keeping complete, accurate and secure records, courtroom reporters handle verbatim documentation of criminal, civil or other court proceedings. These individuals are highly skilled and trained in court reporting, which usually in-volves stenography. Reporting for the courts involves taking records of court proceedings, depositions, and administrative hearings, among other things. They record everything that is being said in the courtroom by judges, witnesses, attorneys or other parties, as well as gestures and emo-tional reactions that accompany any state-ments. While taking shorthand notes, they must ac-curately capture the spoken word. This does not mean paraphrasing or capturing every other word. Reporters must capture each word verbatim, with correct spelling and punctua-tion, despite the speed in which individuals are talking. After the hearing is over, they then must transcribe their notes into a readable, workable format for the public record. Sometimes, a court reporters work benefits those with special needs, such as the deaf or hard of hearing. Court reporters can even pro-vide closed captioning or a real-time trans-lation of spoken words. During my 22 years as a judge in Texas, I had many court reporters who capably kept records of every word said in the courtroom. Being a court reporter is no easy feat, stressors come from every direction including security issues and daily deadlines. In the House of Representatives, we have clerks who help us and our staff every day. These individuals serve as the congressional stenographers, working diligently, day in and day out. These individuals take notes on con-gressional hearings and floor debate, speech-es and statements. They then work extremely fast to enter all the statements into the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD . Every single entry must be completely cor-rect. Each statement made goes on the record in congressional history. These individuals work becomes ensures that history is written correctly. Without their diligence we would not be able to do our jobs as efficiently. These highly trained and talented men and women work tenaciously to record correctly the proceedings of courts and . Court Reporters and Floor Clerks are truly a vital asset to Judges and Members of Con-gress. We thank them for getting the words right. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING THE 250TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FOUNDING OF BRIDGE STREET A.M.E. CHURCH 
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 250th anniversary of the his-toric and illustrious Bridge Street African Meth-odist Episcopal (A.M.E.) Church. Reverend David B. Cousin, Sr. and members of the con-gregation will commemorate this special mile-stone on Sunday, February 28, 2016 at Bridge Street A.M.E. Church in the Bedford- Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, New York. Bridge Street is a church with a rich history that spans two and a half centuries. From its missionary origins in 1766 to its current loca-tion at 277 Stuyvesant Avenue in Brooklyn, it continues to be an extraordinary institution deeply rooted in social justice and spiritual transformation. As a stop on the Underground Railroad and platform for speaking out against injustice on both local and national issues, Bridge Street is a voice of conscience rep-resenting the least of those in our society. The African Methodist Episcopal Church is a global religious body with over 2.5 million members, who belong to more than 6,000 congregations throughout 20 Episcopal dis-tricts across the Americas, Africa, Europe and India. In 1818, Bishop Richard Allen served as the first preacher of the A.M.E. Church, one of the oldest Protestant denominations estab-lished on American soil, at Bridge Street. The people of New York are grateful for the exemplary leadership of Reverend David B. Cousin, Sr., who was installed as the Pastor of Bridge Street A.M.E. Church in 1997. Under his guidance, and that of his predecessors, the congregation has touched the lives of countless individuals through their extensive services and wide range of active ministries, which include notable educational, civic en-gagement, health and wellness, music and youth mentorship programs. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratu-lating the Bridge Street A.M.E. Church in com-memoration of its 250th anniversary. This church community has dedicated itself to serv-ing the people of New York, and those of our country, in pursuit of a just and moral nation. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 125TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE SISTERS OF ST. FRANCIS OF THE IMMACU-LATE CONCEPTION OF PEORIA, ILLINOIS 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Sisters of St. Francis of the Im-maculate Conception on the celebration of 125 years of service by making God’s compas-sionate presence known throughout Central Il-linois. Since 1891, the Sisters of St. Francis have dedicated their lives to serving the people of God through prayer, community activism, and striving to meet the needs of the Peoria and Springfield Diocese. By playing an active role within the Roman Catholic Church, these women have made great strides in promoting public awareness of their mission. Their ongoing efforts make a dif-ference every day in the lives of the people in our community. Their commitment to help the lives of the poor, uneducated, and the hungry embodies the attributes of true servants of Christ. On February 2, 2016, the women of St. Francis celebrated 125 years encompassed in the spirit of charity, religion, and community. As a native of Peoria and practicing Catholic, I consider myself fortunate that our community has women devoted to spreading a ‘‘Caring, Praying Presence’’ and the love of God through compassion and service. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF MS. MARGARET HOSTETLER 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, Margaret Hostetler ends her decades of serv-ice to the Committee on Ways and Means. Margaret has served the Committee for many years, first starting in 1987, and will be deeply missed. Most recently, Margaret worked on the So-cial Security Subcommittee staff, and is the Committee’s all-time expert on budgets, trust funds, debt limits and more. Margaret’s service to the Congress and the Nation extends back even before her time with the Committee to the early 1980s when she served on the House Budget Committee staff for then-Chairman Bill Roth of Delaware. She helped design the Thrift Savings Plan for fed-eral workers, the original Gramm Rudman law and the 1986 tax reforms. Margaret is a walking encyclopedia of Com-mittee and Congressional history, and we wish her the very best in the next phase of her life. 
f 
A TRIBUTE ON THE 28TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SUMGAIT PO-GROMS 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-memorate the 28th anniversary of the pogrom against the Armenian residents of the town of Sumgait, Azerbaijan. On this day in 1988, and for three days following, Azerbaijani mobs as-saulted and killed Armenians. When the vio-lence finally subsided, hundreds of Armenian civilians had been brutally murdered and in-jured, women and young girls were raped, and victims were tortured and burned alive. Those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.037 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE242 February 26, 2016 
that survived the carnage fled their homes and businesses, leaving behind everything they had in their desperation. The pogroms were not an accident. They were the culmination of years of vicious anti- Armenian propaganda, spread by the Azer-baijani authorities. The Azerbaijani authorities made little effort to punish those responsible, instead attempting to cover up the atrocities in Sumgait to this day, as well as denying the role of senior government officials in insti-gating the violence. Unsurprisingly, it was not the end of the violence, and was followed by additional attacks, including the 1990 pogrom in Baku. The Sumgait massacre and the subsequent attacks on ethnic Armenians, resulted in the virtual disappearance of a once thriving popu-lation of 450,000 Armenians living in Azer-baijan, and culminating in the war launched against the people of Nagorno Karabakh. That war resulted in thousands dead on both sides and created over one million refugees in both Armenia and Azerbaijan. Time has not healed the wounds of those murdered in the pogroms in Sumgait, Kirovabad, and Baku. To the contrary, hatred of Armenians is celebrated in Azerbaijan, a sit-uation most vividly exemplified by the case of Ramil Safarov, an Azerbaijani army captain who savagely murdered an Armenian army lieutenant, Gurgen Margaryan with an axe while he slept. The two were participating in a NATO Partnership for Peace exercise at the time in Hungary. In 2012, Safarov was sent home to Azerbaijan, purportedly to serve out the remainder of his sentence. Instead, he was pardoned, promoted, and paraded through the streets of Baku as a returning hero. The assault on ethnic Armenian civilians in Sumgait helped touch off what would become a direct conflict between Armenia and Azer-baijan over Nagorno Karabakh. And today, Azerbaijan’s dangerous behavior on the Line of Contact threatens peace and stability in the region. Artillery and sniper fire across the Line of Contact has become a fact of daily life for civilians in the Nagorno Karabakh Republic, causing numerous casualties. I have urged the OSCE Minsk Group to deescalate the situation by ending a policy that equates unprovoked attacks by the Azerbaijan with the defensive responses of Karabakh and Armenian troops, and by pressuring Azerbaijan to accept the in-stallation of technological monitoring devices along the border. The anniversary of Sumgait is a reminder of the consequences when ag-gression and hatred is allowed to grow un-checked. Mr. Speaker, this April we will mark the 101st Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, an event the Turkish government, Azerbaijan’s closest ally, goes to great lengths to deny. We must not let such crimes against humanity go unrecognized, whether they occurred yester-day or 28 years ago or 100 years ago. Today, let us pause to remember the victims of the atrocities of the Sumgait pogroms. Mr. Speak-er, it is our moral obligation to condemn crimes of hatred and to remember the victims, in hope that history will not be repeated. TRIBUTE TO AL MANN 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, America lost one of her greatest sons this week. Al Mann, physicist, entrepreneur, executive, and philanthropist, spent his more than nine dec-ades on this earth working mostly to help oth-ers. At age seventeen, when America was em-broiled in the Second World War, Al Mann vol-unteered for the Army Air Corps, later becom-ing a pioneer in guidance systems for missiles and solar power for satellites. His techno-logical advances helped us win that war, sav-ing countless lives throughout. Afterward, he resisted pleas to continue his extraordinary work in military hardware, fol-lowing his heart and turning his mind toward the health of humanity. Al’s ingenuity, insight, and resourcefulness focused on projects to re-store sight to the blind, to bring hearing to the deaf, and return mobility to the disabled. He did all this while developing a system to deliver insulin to diabetics without needles and creating pacemakers that those afflicted with heart disease would not need to replace fre-quently, thus sparing them great expense and disruption of their lives. It has been my honor and privilege to know Al Mann for many years. As he benefited hu-mankind he in turn benefited from a patent system that has been the envy of the world; indeed, he warned against politicians who would tamper with it to advantage powerful business interests against individual innovators like him. Clearly, he wanted other Americans to suc-ceed by their good works just as he had done. Because he was one of the most inspira-tional men I have ever known, I made a point of introducing my children to him so that they, too, might live by his example. If our country is to know more inspiring indi-viduals like Al Mann, it is imperative that we reclaim and protect the conditions that made his exemplary creativity possible. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RAY LAUGHTER 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as my friend, Ray Laughter, prepares to retire as Vice Chancellor of External Affairs for the Lone Star College system, he is leaving big shoes for his successor to fill. How do you re-place a driving force for education and eco-nomic development in our district such as Ray? Since 2002, Ray has led the Lone Star Col-lege Foundation, the Community Leadership Institute, the Small Business Development Center, as well as the college’s public informa-tion and publications, governmental relations, and regional economic development depart-ments. He was also the driving force in the passage of bond issues that ensures the col-lege system is meeting the needs of our grow-ing region. Prior to becoming vice chancellor, Ray served the college system as executive direc-tor of the Center for Business and Economic Development and the director of the Small Business Development Center. If you ever wondered why Ray sets such sky-high goals and achieves them, just remember he was once chief administrative officer for an inter-national helicopter manufacturer. Ray’s community and civic commitments don’t stop with his work at Lone Star. He shared his invaluable experience by serving on numerous national, state and local boards, and various committees focused on economic development and educational needs. Development Councils, Partnerships, Cham-bers, and boards in The Woodlands and across the state and the south rely on Ray to bring together education and economic devel-opment projects in innovative and thoughtful ways. As a military officer’s son who settled in Texas, Ray graduated from the University of Houston, where he also earned his MBA. Ever since then, his days and many nights have been filled helping our community learn, grow and prosper. While his wife and kids are hoping to see more of him now, Ray has already committed to serving as chairman of the Houston North-west Chamber of Commerce board next year. My friend Ray is a servant leader who has set a high example for others to follow. Many thousands of students and families have lifetimes of opportunities ahead because of Ray’s hard work. I can’t imagine the Lone Star College System without him, but then I know that he is always just a phone call or email away whenever our community needs him. Thank you Ray Laughter, for showing us all that the sky is the limit for a true leader. f 
SUPPORT FOR H. RES. 551 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Israel is the United States’ most important ally in the Middle East. But the President made a bad nuclear deal with Iran that brought a whole host of new security threats to Israel. H. Res. 551 is about bringing the importance of the U.S.-Israel relationship back into focus. While security is the cornerstone of our rela-tionship, many do not realize that we have very strong economic ties to Israel. Bilateral trade and investment has strengthened our partnership in the past and will continue to do so in the future. I look forward to exploring new agreements with Israel in energy, medicine, technology, and security. Fostering deeper economic dia-logue will more firmly cement the bond be-tween the U.S. and Israel. I support H. Res. 551 because it recognizes the importance of a strong U.S.-Israel alliance. Together with our Israeli allies we can initiate new areas of cooperation. It’s time this Admin-istration shows Israel how much the U.S. val-ues our partnership. And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.043 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE243 February 26, 2016 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, during Black History Month, we honor the contributions and achievements of African-Americans, and re-commit ourselves to achieving the day when no person is judged by anything but the con-tent of their character. Let us stand on the shoulders of individuals like Frederick Douglass, Sojourner Truth, Dr. King, Rosa Parks, Shirley Chisholm, Louis Stokes, and our colleagues, J
OHN LEWIS and J
OHN CONYERS , who sacrificed so much to se-cure equal rights for all Americans, including generations yet unborn. However, more progress must be made. We must close the gaps in employment op-portunities for African-Americans, eliminate the school-to-prison pipeline, and restore the full protections of the Voting Rights Act. Today, let us resolve to continue to march toward a day when every person is guaran-teed the unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EVELYN MARY L
ABRAKE 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, Rep. D
UNCAN  H
UNTER and I rise today to honor the life of Evelyn Mary LaBrake, Sycuan tribal elder and former Secretary of the Sycuan Tribe. Ms. LaBrake is survived by her nine children, her brother, as well as twenty-eight grandchildren and thirty-five great grandchildren, nieces and nephews. Ms. LaBrake was the granddaughter of Solomon Paipa, an original allottee of the Sycuan Indian Reservation. Evelyn was born on December 22, 1936 at Mercy Hospital in San Diego, to parents Louis Murphy and Martha Paipa, and grew up on the Sycuan Indian Reservation. She was rec-ognized for being a passionate advocate for the causes of Native Americans and a de-fender of tribal self-determination and sov-ereignty. She was instrumental in the adoption of the tribe’s Articles of Association of 1972 and many other critical tribal government doc-uments. As a former Secretary and Councilwoman of the Sycuan Tribe from the 1960s to the 1980s, Evelyn fought for and obtained major improve-ments in the tribe’s water, housing and com-munity building needs. She was also a cham-pion of tribal government gaming, and was a driving force in creating the Sycuan Bingo Pal-ace in 1983, the first tribal gaming establish-ment in the nation. In the words of Cody Martinez, current Sycuan Tribal Chairman and grandson of Ms. LaBrake, ‘‘She was an active participant in our general membership meetings as recently as this month. All Sycuan is today, is from the hard work of her and her contemporaries.’’ Evelyn was a firm believer in hard work and did so all her life, as a Secretary and Council-woman of her tribe, but also as a machinist at Whittaker Survival System, where she worked for 20 years. She cherished her large family and deeply enjoyed their gatherings. She took special pride in the resurgence of cultural val-ues expressed by her family. I want to commemorate Evelyn Mary LaBrake for her lifetime of service to her com-munity. f 
RECOGNIZING MICHAEL SANBORN AS THE METROCREST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE’S CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Michael Sanborn of Carrollton, Texas, on being named Metrocrest Chamber of Commerce’s ‘‘Citizen of the Year.’’ Michael’s leadership and dedication to the Metrocrest community in the Dallas/Fort Worth area has made a lasting impression that North Texas will not soon forget. I would like to extend my sincere thanks to Michael for his many years of selfless service to our com-munity. Michael has earned recognition as one of the most prominent and influential leaders in North Texas’ medical community. Michael at-tended the University of Kansas, where he re-ceived his undergraduate and Master of Science in Pharmacy Administration. Begin-ning as a pharmacist, Michael was quickly promoted to System Director of Pharmacy of NCH Healthcare System and eventually Cor-porate Vice President of Cardiovascular Serv-ices for the entire Baylor Healthcare System. In his current position as President of Baylor Scott & White at Carrollton, Michael oversees the 235 bed acute care facility with more than 700 employees and 500 medical staff mem-bers. In addition, he is responsible for man-aging services at several specialty care clinics and diagnostic centers throughout Carrollton and surrounding cities. The ‘‘Citizen of the Year’’ award is pre-sented annually by the Metrocrest Chamber of Commerce to an individual who has made a significant impact in the community. Michael has shown honesty, integrity, and leadership while serving others, which has left a wide reaching and lasting effect on many in North Texas. At Baylor Scott & White Medical Cen-ter, Michael has made local healthcare his top priority. Additionally, Michael is actively en-gaged and regularly works with local non-profits and service organizations. Michael cur-rently serves on the boards of Metrocrest Services and the Children’s Advocacy Center of Denton County, and is the former Chairman of the Metrocrest Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I recognize Michael Sanborn for receiving the Metrocrest Chamber of Commerce’s ‘‘Citizen of the Year’’ award. I ask all of my distin-guished colleagues to join me in recognizing his contributions to the Metrocrest community. f 
HONORING 2015 ‘‘MR. AMIGO’’ ITATI CANTORAL 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Charro Days Fiesta and commend the 2015 ‘‘Mr. Amigo,’’ chosen by the Mr. Amigo Association of Brownsville, Texas, and Matamoros, Tamaulipas, in Mexico. A talented Mexican actress, singer, and dancer, Itati Cantoral has been selected as the 2015 ‘‘Mr. Amigo.’’ Her style and charisma have won the admiration of audiences across the world. Through her work as a performer, Ms. Cantoral has brought communities to-gether for more than 20 years. She is an ex-cellent choice to represent the spirit of friend-ship. First awarded in 1964, the title of ‘‘Mr. Amigo’’ is an annual tribute to an outstanding Mexican citizen who has made a lasting con-tribution during the previous year to inter-national solidarity and goodwill. ‘‘Mr. Amigo’’ acts as an ambassador between the United States and Mexico and presides over the an-nual Charro Days Fiesta. Charro Days dates back to 1937, when the citizens of Brownsville organized the event in the midst of the Great Depression to celebrate the cultural heritage shared between Browns-ville and its sister city across the Rio Grande, Matamoros. The first Charro Days celebration featured a parade with horse-drawn floats and participants dressed in traditional Mexican costumes reminiscent of charros, or Mexican cowboys. From these humble beginnings, Charro Days has evolved into a multi-day event, which includes dances, fiestas, a children’s parade, and the Grand International Parade. Thousands of participants from both sides of the border celebrate these traditions each year. The 78th annual Charro Days celebration commenced on February 22nd, with a grito, or celebratory yell. And just yesterday, the Mayor of Brownsville and the Mayor of Matamoros met at the Gateway International Bridge to ex-tend their hands across the border, symbol-izing the friendship between the two cities. Mr. Speaker, thank you for the opportunity to honor the Charro Days Fiesta and for join-ing me in recognizing the importance of this annual celebration, which continues to strengthen the relationship between Browns-ville and Matamoros, and the bonds between the United States and Mexico. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.046 E26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D179 Friday, February 26, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, February 29, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4633–4647; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 120, were introduced.
                      Pages H999–H1000 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1000–01 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. SHARE Act: The House passed H.R. 2406, to pro-tect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunt-ing, fishing, and shooting, by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 161 noes, Roll No. 101. Consideration began yesterday, February 25th.
                                Pages H955–91 
Rejected the Lawrence motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Natural Resources with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 165 yeas to 238 nays, Roll No. 100. 
                                                                                      Pages H989–90 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule.
          Page H955 
Agreed to: Wittman amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that deletes Title XII which has been en-acted into law already, removes outdated year ref-erences in short titles, makes expenditures under the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act subject to appropriation, and adds the text of H.R. 3279, as passed by the House, as a new title XVII; 
                                                                                      Pages H962–63 Costa amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–429), as modified, that adds the Administrator of U.S. Small Business Administration or a des-ignated representative to the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council Advisory Commit-tee’s membership;
                                                        Page H968 
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that adds a specification that clo-sures of hunter access corridors shall be clearly marked with signs and dates of closures, but shall not include barriers on the corridor;
         Pages H968–69 
Meng amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that permits more than one U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Law Enforcement Officer to be placed in a U.S. diplomatic or consular post in an African country with a significant population of Af-rican elephants in order to assist local wildlife rang-ers in the protection of such elephants;
           Page H969 
Huffman amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that requires GAO to conduct a study ex-amining the effect of a ban of the trade of fossilized ivory from mammoths and mastodons on the illegal importation and trade of African and Asian elephant ivory within the United States;
                    Pages H969–70 
Newhouse amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that requires the Chief of the U.S. Forest Service to publish a notice in the Federal Register, with a justification, for the closure of any public road on Forest System lands;
          Pages H972–73 
Fleming amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that requires the Forest Administrator to amend the travel plan for the Kisatchie National Forest in Louisiana to allow Utility Terrain Vehicle (UTV) access on roads nominated by the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE6.REC D26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD180 February 26, 2016 
Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries, except when such designation would pose an unacceptable safety risk; if a road is denied, the Forest Administrator must publish a notice in the Federal Register with a jus-tification for the closure;
                                 Pages H973–74 
Hardy amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that adds the text of H.R. 373, the Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act, to the end of the bill; expedites access to federal lands for volun-teer search and rescue groups to assist in recovering the remains of a deceased individual believed to be located on federal lands;
                                   Pages H976–77 
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that prohibits USDA and NFS from issuing restrictions and regulations on hunting and recreational fishing in the Mark Twain National For-est (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 95);
                                                        Pages H971–72, H986 
Griffith amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that allows a person who is not prohibited from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition to transport a firearm or ammunition for any lawful purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the firearm or ammunition to any other such place if, during the transportation, the firearm is unloaded (by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 165 noes, Roll No. 96);
                           Pages H974–76, H986–87 
Ribble amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that reissues the 2011 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service decision to delist the gray wolf in the Western Great Lakes and Wyoming from the Endangered Species Act (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 171 noes, Roll No. 97); and 
                                                                    Pages H977–80, H987–88 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that prohibits the Fish and Wildlife Service from issuing a final rule that preempts state management authority which is protected by law in Alaska; withdraws a final rule issued by the National Park Service of the same issue (by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 169 noes, Roll No. 98). 
                                                                          Pages H980–81, H988 
Rejected: Beyer amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that sought to prohibit an individual who is prohibited from possessing a firearm by the Gun Control Act from using a public target range (by a recorded vote of 161 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 92); 
                                                                          Pages H963–65, H984 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that sought to strike Title III, ex-emption to import polar bear trophies taken in sport (by a recorded vote of 159 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 93);
                                                  Pages H965–68, H984–85 Beyer amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that sought to strike language that re-quires state approval of federal fishing regulations in waters under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service and the Office of National Marine Sanc-tuaries (by a recorded vote of 169 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 94); and
                              Pages H970–71, H985–86 
Huffman amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that sought to designate the Coastal Plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as wilderness and a part of the National Wilderness Preservation System (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 99).
                                       Pages H981–83, H988–89 
Withdrawn: Lowenthal amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have authorized the Depart-ment of Interior, after public comment and if ap-proved unanimously by the Migratory Bird Con-servation Commission, to raise the price of the Mi-gratory Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamp (‘‘Duck Stamp’’) by the rate of inflation, in order to preserve waterfowl habitat.
                                     Page H983 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                     Page H991 
H. Res. 619, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2406) was agreed to yesterday, Feb-ruary 25th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, February 29th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                  Page H992 
Quorum Calls—Votes:One yea-and-nay vote and nine recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H984, H984–85, H985–86, H986, H986–87, H987, H988, H988–89, H990, and H990–91. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:51 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—USDA NATURAL RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on USDA Natural Resources and Environment. Testimony was heard from Jason Weller, Chief, Nat-ural Resources Conservation Service; and Michael Young, Budget Officer, Department of Agriculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE6.REC D26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D181 February 26, 2016 
APPROPRIATIONS—ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development held a budget hearing on Army Corps of Engineers. Testimony was heard from Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary, Army for Civil Works, Army Corps of Engineers; and Lieutenant General Thomas P. Bostick, Chief of Engineers, Army Corps of Engineers. QUALITY OF LIFE IN THE MILITARY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held an oversight hearing on quality of life in the military. Testimony was heard from Com-mand Sergeant Major Daniel A. Dailey, Sergeant Major, U.S. Army; Master Chief Petty Officer Mi-chael D. Stevens, Master Chief Petty Officer, U.S. Navy; Sergeant Major Ronald L. Green, Sergeant Major, U.S. Marine Corps; and Chief Master Ser-geant James A. Cody, Sergeant, U.S. Air Force. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 2017 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BUDGET REQUEST AND READINESS POSTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Army 2017 Operation and Maintenance Budget Re-quest and Readiness Posture’’. Testimony was heard from General Daniel B. Allyn, USA, Vice Chief of Staff, U.S. Army; Lieutenant General Joseph Ander-son, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Plans (G3/5/7), U.S. Army; and Lieutenant General Gustave F. Perna, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–4, U.S. Army. ENSURING MEDICAL READINESS IN THE FUTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Medical Readiness in the Future’’. Testimony was heard from Major General Joseph Caravalho, USA, Joint Staff Surgeon General, Department of Defense; Rear Admiral Terry J. Moulton, Deputy Surgeon General, U.S. Navy; Major General Dorothy Hogg, Deputy Surgeon General, U.S. Air Force; Brigadier General Robert Tenhet, Deputy Surgeon General, U.S. Army; Colonel Linda Lawrence, M.D., U.S. Air Force; Lieutenant Colonel Jean-Claude G. D’Alleyrand, M.D., U.S. Army; and Lieutenant Colo-nel Robert L. Mabry, M.D., U.S. Army. DISRUPTER SERIES: 3D PRINTING Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: 3D Printing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. FOOD FOR THOUGHT: EFFORTS TO DEFEND THE NATION’S AGRICULTURE AND FOOD Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Food for Thought: Ef-forts to Defend the Nation’s Agriculture and Food’’. Testimony was heard from R. Douglas Meckes, D.V.M., State Veterinarian, North Carolina Depart-ment of Agriculture and Consumer Services, Veteri-nary Division; and public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF FEDERAL VEHICLES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Transportation and Public Assets held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Federal Vehicles’’. Testimony was heard from Lori Rectanus, Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and Bill Toth, Director, Offices of Fleet Management, General Services Administration; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, budget hearing on General Services Administration, 3 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE6.REC D26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD182 February 26, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, February 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 524, Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, February 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E239 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E243 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E235 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E241, E242 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E232, E238 Capps, Lois, Calif., E233 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E236 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E236 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E237 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E232, E234, E235, E237, E239 Farr, Sam, Calif., E231 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E240 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E237 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E233 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E241 Keating, William R., Mass., E233, E238 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E241 Lewis, John, Ga., E240 Long, Billy, Mo., E233, E240 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E243 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E232, E234, E236 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E231 Poe, Ted, Tex., E238, E239, E241, E242 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American Samoa, E240 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E231, E238 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E242 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E241 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E231 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E235 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E235 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E243 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E243 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E238 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E237 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E236 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26FE6.REC D26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST