Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6111 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2016 No. 162 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 14, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable C
HRIS COL-
LINS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. A full week later, we are thankful that we live in a nation where a peace-ful change or readjustment of govern-ment is expected. There are many dis-appointed with the results of the elec-tion. May we all be mindful of the great history we have of coming to-gether in the wake of contentious elec-tions. Bless the Members of this assembly as they return to the work facing them, work that needs to be done. Give them the wisdom they need and the charity they must possess to work to-gether. Help them to make wise deci-sions in a good manner. We ask Your blessing as well on those newly elected, or reelected, to this assembly. May they fully under-stand the trust that has been given them, to represent not only those whose votes they received, but those who did not vote for them as well. All are citizens, to be represented by the new Members of this people’s House. May Your blessing, O God, be with them and with us all this day and every day to come, and may all we do be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. M
CCOLLUM led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CONGRATULATING COMMUNITIES IN SCHOOLS OF WILKES COUNTY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Communities In Schools of Wilkes County, which has been awarded a $500,000 grant from AT&T to increase its assistance to un-derserved youths in Wilkes and Alex-ander Counties. The funds will be used to expand the Increasing Intentionality Initiative into seven high-poverty, rural high schools in North Wilkesboro and Tay-lorsville. Of the more than 5,500 stu-dents in grades 9 to 12 who will be served by this expansion, more than 1,000 will receive individualized, case- managed services. Growing up in the mountains of North Carolina, I learned firsthand how education plays a vital role in the suc-cess of individual Americans. Education can change lives, espe-cially when you have community sup-port and a network of caring adults dedicated to helping all children reach their potential. That is what Commu-nities In Schools is all about and why I am excited to see it expand in North Carolina’s Fifth District. f 
DONALD TRUMP’S CAMPAIGN HAS DIVIDED OUR NATION (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, Don-ald Trump’s hateful campaign has di-vided our Nation. After the election, Mr. Trump prom-ised Americans that he would ‘‘bind the wounds of division.’’ His appointment of Stephen Bannon as chief White House strategist is proof of the ugly direction Mr. Trump in-tends to take this country. Bannon built his media career catering to white supremacists and anti-Semites. The fact that Republicans have been silent on Bannon’s appointment is a disturbing sign. It shows that the Re-publican Party has embraced Trump’s campaign agenda of blatant sexism, ra-cial bigotry, and religious intolerance. This is an un-American ideology, and it must be confronted, both here in the House and in our communities. For millions of people, including families in my district, Trump’s elec-tion means they are now living under a shroud of fear. In this House, and at home in Minnesota, I pledge to keep fighting to defend our fellow Ameri-cans from Trump’s extreme agenda. If we want a strong America where all families have the opportunity to succeed, then we must stand united and reject those who fan the flames of hate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to refrain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6112 November 14, 2016 
from engaging in personalities toward the President-elect. 
f 
DON’T BELIEVE THE MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the liberal media tried to destroy Don-ald Trump. Instead, they destroyed their own credibility. Their extreme bias is provable. The network media’s coverage of Mr. Trump was 91 percent negative, and 96 percent of campaign contributions from journalists went to Hillary Clin-ton. By a 10 to 1 ratio, the American peo-ple felt the media were trying to elect Mrs. Clinton. A Gallup Poll found that the people’s trust in the media has hit a record low. Has the media learned any lessons? Will they show any humility? Will they now try to be objective? Not likely, given the last few days’ headlines and commentaries. Until news reporters give the Amer-ican people the facts rather than ex-pressing their own opinions, there is no reason to believe what they say or write. 
f 
EFFORTS TO DISMANTLE OBAMACARE (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise serious concerns about the President-elect’s plan to dismantle ObamaCare. As an architect of the law, I am proud to report that the percentage of Americans uninsured is at a record low. More than 20 million additional Americans have health care, and a mil-lion additional enrollees are expected this year. The Affordable Care Act is, in fact, working. Reports have surfaced that the Presi-dent-elect’s plan to dismantle ObamaCare would eliminate the sub-sidies that have enabled more than 70 percent of consumers to find plans at less than $75 a month. Any effort to eliminate subsidies would lead to unsustainable cost increases and a loss of healthcare coverage for people na-tionwide. There is also a threat to undo the Medicaid expansion under which al-most 16 million Americans have been insured. With children representing about half of all Medicaid recipients, the elimination of that expansion would be disastrous for the most vul-nerable Americans. Mr. Speaker, Democrats stand ready to work to improve and strengthen the Affordable Care Act, but we will con-tinue to stand resolute against any ef-fort to dismantle it. For the sake of the American people, we can’t get this wrong. CONGRATULATIONS TO PRESI-DENT-ELECT DONALD TRUMP AND VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT MIKE PENCE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday the American people, with optimism, elected Donald Trump and Mike Pence to lead our country. I congratulate President-elect Trump and our friend and former House colleague Vice President-elect Pence, and Karen Pence, on their de-served victory. This election clearly revealed, when presented with a choice of continuation of big government or change for lim-ited government with expanded free-dom, the American people stood up for the conservative values that would cre-ate jobs, lower taxes, and rebuild our military. The ideological conflict is alive and well, and conservative prin-ciples are proven to promote oppor-tunity for all Americans. The Amer-ican people have selected a brighter fu-ture for their children and grand-children. I look forward to working with Presi-dent-elect Trump and Vice President- elect Pence, partnering with Speaker PAUL RYAN, to promote jobs for all Americans and reinforce our principles of limited government with expanded freedom. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. God bless President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF AL KENNICKELL (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Al Kennickell of Savannah, Georgia, for being named The Citadel Alumnus of the Year. Mr. Kennickell graduated from South Carolina’s prestigious military college in 1977 after attending on a football scholarship. After graduation, he returned to Sa-vannah to work in his family’s printing business, Kennickell Printing Com-pany. The business was originally founded by his grandfather in 1892. His hard work with the company led him to purchase it, and he further devel-oped it into The Kennickell Group, which is now an award-winning print-ing company that does business inter-nationally. In addition to growing his business, Mr. Kennickell dedicates much of his time towards the Savannah commu-nity. One of his many impressive com-munity achievements includes the role of bringing the Liberty Mutual Leg-ends of Golf, a professional golf tour-nament, to Savannah and coordinating its volunteer program. Currently, Mr. Kennickell is serving as president of the Brigadier Founda-tion of The Citadel, where his positive efforts are being felt throughout the foundation and the rest of the college. Congratulations, Mr. Kennickell. We are proud of you in Savannah, Georgia. f 
TRIBUTE TO ARMY CORPORAL DONALD MATNEY (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Army Corporal Donald Matney, a native of Seymour, Missouri, and a Korean war veteran. On July 20, 1950, Corporal Matney’s unit attempted to delay enemy from capturing a town near Taejon, South Korea. Enemy infantry and armor units were able to force the division out of the town and block withdrawal routes. Matney was reported missing in ac-tion following the attacks. After 56 long years, Corporal Matney’s remains were identified and he has made his final trip home. Corporal Matney fought in defense of America and the freedoms we cherish today. I am saddened thinking of the time lost, but also thankful the Matney family can have that long overdue closure. As a nation, we are in-debted to the sacrifice he made, and we are grateful for the freedoms he fought to preserve. His memory will live for-ever as one of honor and courage. I am blessed to honor the life of Don-ald Matney today, and I thank him and all veterans for their noble service to our country. We must never forget that freedom is not free. Welcome home, Corporal. Thank you for giving your all for us. We owe you a debt of service we will never be able to repay. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 29, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 29, 2016 at 1:07 p.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 3004. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 3937. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5147. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.031 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6113 November 14, 2016 
That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5883. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 29, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 29, 2016 at 3:45 p.m.: That the Senate agreed to with an amend-ment H. Con. Res. 122. That the Senate agreed to without amend-ment H. Con. Res. 166. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5944. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5946. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 2733. That the Senate concur in the House of Representatives Amendment to the bill S. 246. That the Senate passed S. 2959. That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 55. That the Senate passed S. 2360. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Wednesday, September 28, 2016: H.R. 5325, making continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bills were signed by the Speaker on Thursday, September 29, 2016: H.R. 2733, to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes; H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to ex-tend the authorization for the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission; H.R. 3937, to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Green-ville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’; H.R. 5147, to amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public buildings to be equipped with baby changing facilities; H.R. 5578, to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes; H.R. 5883, to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the du-ties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through on-line, video, or other electronic meth-ods, and for other purposes; H.R. 5944, to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 5946, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games; S. 246, to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other pur-poses; S. 3283, to designate the community- based outpatient clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’. f 
b1415 ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
NATIONAL CLINICAL CARE COMMISSION ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1192) to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabe-tes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabe-tes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1192 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Clin-ical Care Commission Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE NATIONAL CLIN-ICAL CARE COMMISSION. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–7. NATIONAL CLINICAL CARE COMMIS-SION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby estab-lished, within the Department of Health and Human Services, a National Clinical Care Com-mission (in this section referred to as the ‘Com-mission’) to evaluate, and recommend solutions regarding better coordination and leveraging of, programs within the Department and other Fed-eral agencies that relate in any way to sup-porting appropriate clinical care (such as any interactions between physicians and other health care providers and their patients related to treatment and care management) for individ-uals with— ‘‘(1) a complex metabolic or autoimmune dis-ease; ‘‘(2) a disease resulting from insulin deficiency or insulin resistance; or ‘‘(3) complications caused by any such dis-ease. ‘‘(b) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be composed of the following voting members: ‘‘(A) The heads (or their designees) of the fol-lowing Federal agencies and departments: ‘‘(i) The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. ‘‘(ii) The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. ‘‘(iii) The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(iv) The Indian Health Service. ‘‘(v) The Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(vi) The National Institutes of Health. ‘‘(vii) The Food and Drug Administration. ‘‘(viii) The Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration. ‘‘(ix) The Department of Defense. ‘‘(B) Twelve additional voting members ap-pointed under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) Such additional voting members as may be appointed by the Secretary, at the Secretary’s discretion, from among the heads (or their des-ignees) of governmental or nongovernmental en-tities that impact clinical care of individuals with any of the diseases and complications de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Commission shall include additional voting members ap-pointed by the Secretary, in consultation with national medical societies and patient advocacy organizations with expertise in the care and epi-demiology of any of the diseases and complica-tions described in subsection (a), including one or more such members from each of the fol-lowing categories: ‘‘(A) Clinical endocrinologists. ‘‘(B) Physician specialties (other than as de-scribed in subparagraph (A)) that play a role in diseases and complications described in sub-section (a), such as cardiologists, nephrologists, and eye care professionals. ‘‘(C) Primary care physicians. ‘‘(D) Non-physician health care professionals, such as certified diabetes educators, registered dieticians and nutrition professionals, nurses, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants. ‘‘(E) Patient advocates. ‘‘(F) National experts in the duties listed under subsection (c). ‘‘(G) Health care providers furnishing services to a patient population that consists of a high percentage (as specified by the Secretary) of in-dividuals who are enrolled in a State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act or who are not covered under a health plan or health insur-ance coverage. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON .—The voting members of the Commission shall select a chairperson from the members appointed under paragraph (2) from the category under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at least twice, and not more than 4 times, a year. ‘‘(5) B
OARD TERMS .—Members of the Commis-sion appointed pursuant to subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (1), including the chairperson, shall serve for a 3-year term. A vacancy on the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointments. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall— ‘‘(1) evaluate programs of the Department of Health and Human Services regarding the utili-zation of diabetes screening benefits, annual wellness visits, and other preventive health ben-efits that may reduce the incidence of the dis-eases and complications described in subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.002 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6114 November 14, 2016 
(a), including explaining problems regarding such utilization and related data collection mechanisms; ‘‘(2) identify current activities and critical gaps in Federal efforts to support clinicians in providing integrated, high-quality care to indi-viduals with any of the diseases and complica-tions described in subsection (a); ‘‘(3) make recommendations regarding the co-ordination of clinically-based activities that are being supported by the Federal Government with respect to the diseases and complications described in subsection (a); ‘‘(4) make recommendations regarding the de-velopment and coordination of federally funded clinical practice support tools for physicians and other health care professionals in caring for and managing the care of individuals with any of the diseases and complications described in subsection (a), specifically with regard to imple-mentation of new treatments and technologies; ‘‘(5) evaluate programs described in subsection (a) that are in existence as of the date of the en-actment of this section and determine if such programs are meeting the needs identified in paragraph (2) and, if such programs are deter-mined as not meeting such needs, recommend programs that would be more appropriate; ‘‘(6) recommend, with respect to the diseases and complications described in subsection (a), clinical pathways for new technologies and treatments, including future data collection ac-tivities, that may be developed and then used to evaluate— ‘‘(A) various care models and methods; and ‘‘(B) the impact of such models and methods on quality of care as measured by appropriate care parameters (such as A1C, blood pressure, and cholesterol levels); ‘‘(7) evaluate and expand education and awareness activities provided to physicians and other health care professionals regarding clin-ical practices for the prevention of the diseases and complications described in subsection (a); ‘‘(8) review and recommend appropriate meth-ods for outreach and dissemination of edu-cational resources that— ‘‘(A) regard the diseases and complications de-scribed in subsection (a); ‘‘(B) are funded by the Federal Government; and ‘‘(C) are intended for health care profes-sionals and the public; and ‘‘(9) carry out other activities, such as activi-ties relating to the areas of public health and nutrition, that the Commission deems appro-priate with respect to the diseases and complica-tions described in subsection (a). ‘‘(d) O
PERATING PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL PLAN .—Not later than 90 days after its first meeting, the Commission shall sub-mit to the Secretary and the Congress an oper-ating plan for carrying out the activities of the Commission as described in subsection (c). Such operating plan may include— ‘‘(A) a list of specific activities that the Com-mission plans to conduct for purposes of car-rying out the duties described in each of the paragraphs in subsection (c); ‘‘(B) a plan for completing the activities; ‘‘(C) a list of members of the Commission and other individuals who are not members of the Commission who will need to be involved to con-duct such activities; ‘‘(D) an explanation of Federal agency in-volvement and coordination needed to conduct such activities; ‘‘(E) a budget for conducting such activities; ‘‘(F) a plan for evaluating the value and po-tential impact of the Commission’s work and recommendations, including the possible con-tinuation of the Commission for the purposes of overseeing their implementation; and ‘‘(G) other information that the Commission deems appropriate. ‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—The Commission shall periodi-cally update the operating plan under para-graph (1) and submit such updates to the Sec-retary and the Congress. ‘‘(e) FINAL REPORT .—By not later than 3 years after the date of the Commission’s first meeting, the Commission shall submit to the Sec-retary and the Congress a final report con-taining all of the findings and recommendations required by this section. Not later than 120 days after the submission of the final report, the Sec-retary shall review the plan required by sub-section (d)(1)(F) and submit to the Congress a recommendation on whether the Commission should be reauthorized to operate after fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(f) S
UNSET .—The Commission shall terminate at the end of fiscal year 2019.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1192, the National Clinical Care Commission Act, introduced by my friend and colleague from Texas, Rep-resentative P
ETE OLSON . It has been supported by 229 cosponsors. H.R. 1192 establishes a clinical care commission to evaluate and rec-ommend solutions regarding better co-ordinating and leveraging Federal pro-grams that relate to complex meta-bolic or autoimmune disorders, such as diabetes. Metabolic disorders take a large toll on many Americans each year, and complications from these dis-orders can lead to catastrophic health outcomes. Currently, there are various pro-grams across the Federal Government that touch on metabolic disorders, some focusing on prevention, others fo-cusing on treatment, but they lack co-ordination. Improving coordination of such efforts provides an opportunity to reduce costs while improving health outcomes. This legislation received broad sup-port from the Energy and Commerce Committee, passing through a full committee markup by voice vote. H.R. 1192 provides for no new spending by utilizing only existing funds at the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsors of the bill, Congressman O
LSON and Congressman L OEBSACK , for introducing this legislation. I am very proud to be one of the many cosponsors of the bill. H.R. 1192 would help to improve Fed-eral efforts to treat and prevent meta-bolic disorders, autoimmune diseases, and diseases resulting from insulin de-ficiency or insulin resistance. The most common metabolic dis-order in the United States, of course, is diabetes, which affects more than 29 million Americans. Another 86 million Americans have prediabetes, a condi-tion associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and heart disease. Unfortunately, all too often, diabetes leads, as my colleague said, to avoid-able complications such as blindness, limb amputation, and kidney failure, and it costs our healthcare system an avoidable billions of dollars each year. That is why it is important to improve Federal efforts to prevent avoidable cases of these conditions and to ensure that Americans have the treatment and management services necessary to successfully manage them. I am pleased that we were able to work together to pass this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1192. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ), the author of the bill. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 1192, the National Clin-ical Care Commission Act, a bipartisan bill which is cosponsored by over half of my House colleagues. It has this level of support because this Nation faces an epidemic. Diabetes or prediabetes affects over 100 million Americans. Nearly one in three of our neighbors are affected. Dr. Phil has di-abetes. We met, and he is a strong pro-ponent of this bill. This is in addition to all of the other Americans who have diseases that fall under complex meta-bolic, autoimmune, or insulin resistant diseases. When I first came to Congress in 2009, it was crystal clear that we had a big problem. The benefits of all the Fed-eral research dollars going into these diseases were simply not making their way to patients. The researchers at the NIH, the CDC, and even the EPA weren’t sharing diabetes research. It was clear to me in 2009, and it is clear to me in 2016. We need a laser-like focus on improving patient care by pur-suing a strong Federal focus on re-search. My bill accomplishes that goal through the establishment of a na-tional clinical care commission made up of doctors with specialties, such as endocrinologists, and other healthcare providers who work directly with pa-tients and pharmacists. This commission will have 3 years to strengthen the partnership between Federal stakeholders and health pro-fessionals who will bring hands-on, clinical experience to improve care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.004 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6115 November 14, 2016 
This is not a new, unending bureauc-racy. After 3 years, this commission will sunset. In 3 years, it will be gone. We have made a huge investment of taxpayer dollars in research. It is time for us to leverage that investment and translate that into meaningful preven-tion and effective treatment options. So today, on World Diabetes Day, I ask my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1192 and help all those who suffer from dia-betes and other complex metabolic and autoimmune disorders. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, the truth is, in this country, if we were able to actually get some control of di-abetes—which, as the author of this bill said, affects over 100 million Amer-icans—prediabetes or diabetes, we would be able to really get control of all healthcare costs. It is one of the biggest drivers of healthcare costs in our country. So while this is a commission—and let’s hope that the commission does its good work—we have to stay focused, as he said, on the issue of diabetes. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), who is in support of the bill. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1192, the National Clinical Care Commission Act, which establishes within the Department of Health and Human Services the National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission. The commission will look into the dissemination of information and re-sources to clinicians on best practices for delivering high quality care and how best to effectively deploy new and emerging treatment and technologies. As a pharmacist, I played an impor-tant role in diabetes care by screening patients who had a high risk for diabe-tes and educated patients to empower them to take better care of themselves. I believe all of my colleagues would agree that making government work to help evaluate and recommend solutions regarding diabetes is important. The American Diabetes Association reports that there are almost 30 million people living with this disease. With better coordination and leveraging of Federal programs that re-late to clinical care for people with prediabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions caused by dia-betes, we will begin to stem the tide of this awful disease. Mr. Speaker, this legislation should be a priority for our country, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill that we are acting on today. I would remind the body that it passed on a strong vote through the full committee on a voice vote, and there are many things to recommend this bill. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate World Diabetes Day and to urge the passage of the National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act (H.R. 1192), which would authorize a committee of experts to improve care for people with diabetes and associated conditions. I’d like to thank the original co-sponsors of the bill, Mr. O
LSON and Mr. L
OEBSACK , as well as Chairman U PTON  and Ranking Member P
ALLONE , for all your hard work in making sure this important legis-lation gets the attention it deserves. World Diabetes Day helps raise awareness of the scope of this disease. In that spirit, I’d like to note for all our colleagues that the human and economic impact of diabetes in the United States is mammoth. More than 29 million people in the United States from all walks of life have diabetes. The Centers for Disease Control estimates as many as 86 mil-lion Americans have pre-diabetes. This disease is a life-long reality that pa-tients and their families must grapple with every day. As the mother of a child with type 1 diabetes, I know the toll it can take. But I’m also in awe of the bravery and strength exhib-ited by people who live with diabetes. For them, we must continue to support innovative and thoughtful solutions that address aware-ness, prevention and cures. For health care problems of this magnitude, coordination is essential. Increased commu-nication and planning between the many dif-ferent federal agencies working to prevent and treat diabetes will make a difference for pa-tients and help us spend taxpayer dollars in a more cost-effective way. The National Clinical Care Commission Act would help jump-start these efforts by facilitating dialogue and co-ordination between leaders in the federal gov-ernment and experts from the field. The Com-mission would be tasked with reviewing the many different ways the government currently spends money on diabetes and coming up with a strategic plan on how to move forward effectively and efficiently. I have no doubt that the House will pass H.R. 1192 today. I encourage the Senate to vote on this commonsense bill as soon as possible. Thank you. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1192, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more ef-fective implementation and coordina-tion of clinical care for people with a complex metabolic or autoimmune dis-ease, a disease resulting from insulin deficiency or insulin resistance, or complications caused by such a disease, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO MATERNITY CARE ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1209) to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designa-tion of maternity care health profes-sional shortage areas, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1209 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Ac-cess to Maternity Care Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MATERNITY CARE HEALTH PROFES-SIONAL TARGET AREAS. 
Section 332 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254e) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k)(1) The Secretary, acting through the Ad-ministrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, shall identify, based on the data collected under paragraph (3), maternity care health professional target areas that sat-isfy the criteria described in paragraph (2) for purposes of, in connection with receipt of assist-ance under this title, assigning to such identi-fied areas maternity care health professionals who, without application of this subsection, would otherwise be eligible for such assistance. The Secretary shall distribute maternity care health professionals within health professional shortage areas using the maternity care health professional target areas so identified. ‘‘(2) For purposes of paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall establish criteria for maternity care health professional target areas that identify geographic areas within health professional shortage areas that have a shortage of mater-nity care health professionals. ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection, the Sec-retary shall collect and publish in the Federal Register data comparing the availability and need of maternity care health services in health professional shortage areas and in areas within such health professional shortage areas. ‘‘(4) In carrying out paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall seek input from relevant provider organizations, including medical societies, orga-nizations representing medical facilities, and other organizations with expertise in maternity care. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘full scope maternity care health services’ in-cludes during labor care, birthing, prenatal care, and postpartum care. ‘‘(6) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-strued as— ‘‘(A) requiring the identification of a mater-nity care health professional target area in an area not otherwise already designated as a health professional shortage area; or ‘‘(B) affecting the types of health profes-sionals, without application of this subsection, otherwise eligible for assistance, including a loan repayment or scholarship, pursuant to the application of this section.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.008 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6116 November 14, 2016 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, which I introduced with Representative C
APPS . H.R. 1209 increases data collection by the Department of Health and Human Services to help better place maternity care providers through the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program. Currently, maternity care providers participate in the National Health Service Corps through the pri-mary care designation, but they are not always placed where they are need-ed the most. H.R. 1209 will require in-creased data collection on maternity care providers who will then be placed in geographic areas within existing health professional shortage areas where they are most needed. This legislation enjoyed broad sup-port on the Energy and Commerce Committee and passed through a full committee markup on a voice vote. H.R. 1209 provides no new spending. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Mater-nity Care Act; and I want to thank Dr. B
URGESS and my dear colleague, L OIS C
APPS from California, for offering this important piece of legislation. It would require the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, HRSA, to better identify areas with in-creased need for maternity care serv-ices. This will help ensure the place-ment of maternity care providers with-in the National Health Service Corps to areas with the most need for their serv-ices. While global maternal mortality rates have fallen by more than one- third from 2000 to 2015, the maternal mortality rate in the United States has actually increased. In 2015, 25 women lost their lives during pregnancy or childbirth per 100,000 births in the U.S. compared to 23 women who did so in 2000. It is clear that we must do more to reverse this troubling trend. Congress must make it a priority to ensure all women have access to the prenatal and maternity care services needed to pre-vent maternal mortality. I support H.R. 1209 because it will help expand access to prenatal and ma-ternity care services in the areas where there is the most need. I urge my col-leagues to support this important bi-partisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1430 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE), my distinguished col-league. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, sponsored by my good friend from Texas, and fellow OB/GYN physician, MIKEBURGESS . As an obstetrician/gynecologist who spent 31 years practicing medicine, I find it unacceptable that there are pockets across the United States where women do not have access to needed OB/GYN care. There are a huge number of OB/GYNs who are nearing retire-ment age, and more still who are con-sidering early retirement. This is oc-curring while the female population is expected to increase 36 percent by 2050. A decrease in available doctors, cou-pled with an increase in female popu-lation, will lead to severe shortages that could threaten many women’s ability to receive timely prenatal, labor and delivery care. Every year, 1 million babies are born to mothers who did not receive adequate prenatal care. Without proper care, the babies born to these mothers are three times more likely to be born low birth weight and five times more likely to die than ba-bies whose mothers received care. I am a proud cosponsor of this legis-lation that would require the Health Resources and Services Administration to designate maternity healthcare pro-fessional shortage areas and target ma-ternity care resources where they are most needed, helping to ensure healthier pregnancies and healthier ba-bies. It was my job as an OB/GYN physi-cian to make sure mothers and their children were healthy during and after their pregnancy, and I still feel very strongly about that duty now that I am here in Congress. While this bill will not solve the entire shortage crisis, I think it is a meaningful start. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ), my colleague and friend, who came to Congress the same 106th Con-gress, I believe, along with me, prior to that being a nurse and is now retiring from that seat, but not before she adds one more thing at least, maybe there will be more, to making our health sys-tem better and protecting so many lives. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear colleague, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, which I am proud to have coauthored with my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS). We know that healthy women make healthy moms, and healthy moms make healthy babies. To support these women throughout their lives, they need access to preconception, prenatal, postpartum, and interpartum care— interpartum being that time between one child and the next, should there be another child. But too many commu-nities lack the skilled maternity care professionals who are able to provide these services, and that is what this bill would address. H.R. 1209 would harness the power of the National Health Service Corps to better target maternity care to the communities that need this care the most. Maternity care professionals are already included in the program and doing great work in communities across the country. But at present, these providers’ placement is based on data related to primary care access shortages, without regard to the spe-cific maternity care which may be needed. So while they are doing important work, there is more that we can, and should, do to ensure that they reach the areas that would benefit most from high-quality maternity care. Our bill would start this process and ensure that the National Health Service Corps takes the steps to use data to help more accurately place maternity care professionals in the locations that have the greatest need. H.R. 1209 would set up a process to identify communities in existing health professional shortage areas that most need maternity care. And then it would require action to get maternity care professionals into these targeted areas. We know that the National Health Service Corps is one of our most effec-tive programs which improves access to care in underserved areas. We just want to make sure that we don’t leave any community behind, especially when it comes to the health of mothers and their babies. I want to again thank my colleague, Dr. BURGESS , for partnering with me on this legislation. I thank Chairman U
PTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , and all of the staff for helping us move this bill forward. And I want to thank my deputy chief of staff and health policy advisor, Adriane Casalotti, for her years of work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge full support of this legislation. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, which amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Health Resources and Services Admin-istration to designate maternity care health professional shortage areas and review these designations at least an-nually. The National Health Service Corps places providers in health professional shortage areas; however, there is no shortage area designation for mater-nity care. Across our country, there are major pockets of the U.S. where women have little or no access to need-ed OB/GYN care. Even in my own dis-trict, there are rural communities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.010 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6117 November 14, 2016 
where women live more than 30 min-utes away from a hospital or a clinic offering prenatal services. With almost 1 million babies being born to mothers who did not receive adequate prenatal care, we must allow for new opportunities to target OB/ GYNs to healthcare shortage areas. The National Health Service Corps of-fers tax-free loan repayment assistance to support qualified healthcare pro-viders who choose to take their skills where they are most needed. Why would we not try to give every woman the ability to receive timely prenatal and labor/delivery services? Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has no more speakers, let me just say how pleased I am to be a supporter of this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1209, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute mater-nity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TITLE VIII NURSING WORKFORCE REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2713) to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist pro-grams, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2713 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Title VIII Nurs-ing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SUPPORTING CLINICAL NURSE SPECIAL-ISTS. 
(a) A DVANCED EDUCATION NURSING GRANTS .— Section 811 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296j) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘clinical nurse leaders,’’ before ‘‘or public health nurses’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZED CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALIST  P
ROGRAMS .—Clinical nurse specialist programs eligible for support under this section are edu-cation programs that— ‘‘(1) provide registered nurses with full-time clinical nurse specialist education; and ‘‘(2) have as their objective the education of clinical nurse specialists who will upon comple-tion of such a program be qualified to effectively provide care to inpatients and outpatients expe-riencing acute and chronic illness.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF NURSE-MANAGED HEALTH  C
LINIC .—Section 801 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 296) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(18) N
URSE-MANAGED HEALTH CLINIC .—The term ‘nurse-managed health clinic’ has the meaning given to such term in section 330A–1.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL ON NURSE E
DUCATION AND PRACTICE .—Section 851(b)(1)(A)(iv) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297t(b)(1)(A)(iv)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and nurse anesthetists’’ and inserting ‘‘nurse anesthetists, and clinical nurse special-ists’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF FUNDING FOR NURSING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296 et seq.) is amended— (1) in subsection (i)(1) of section 846 (42 U.S.C. 297n; loan repayment and scholarship pro-grams), by striking ‘‘such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘$83,135,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021’’; (2) in subsection (f) of section 846A (42 U.S.C. 297n–1; nurse faculty loan program), by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fis-cal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$26,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; (3) in subsection (e) of section 865 (42 U.S.C. 298; comprehensive geriatric education), by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and in-serting ‘‘$38,737,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (4) in section 871 (42 U.S.C. 298d; funding for carrying out parts B, C, and D), by striking ‘‘$338,000,000 for fiscal year 2010, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2011 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘$119,837,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (b) C
ONFORMING CHANGES .— (1) Section 831 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p) is amended— (A) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘,,’’ and in-serting ‘‘,’’; and (B) by striking subsection (h). (2) Section 831A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p–1) is amended by striking subsection (g). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2016, introduced by my colleague, Represent-ative LOISCAPPS , and supported by over 70 Members of the House. H.R. 2713 reauthorizes the Title VIII program, which has been funded since 1964. This reauthorization will help many nurses, including advanced prac-tice nurses, better serve acute and chronic patients through 2020. Title VIII also includes a National Advisory Council on Nurse Education and Prac-tice. Nurses are on the front lines of our healthcare system and interact with almost every patient who depends on them to provide quality care. This legislation is CutGo compliant and enjoyed broad support in the En-ergy and Commerce Committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reau-thorization Act. This important public health bill would reauthorize nursing workforce programs that support edu-cation, training, recruitment, and re-tention efforts. Title VIII nursing workforce pro-grams are the primary source of Fed-eral support for nursing education and training. These programs are needed to address the growing shortage of reg-istered nurses which threaten to harm the quality of care that patients re-ceive in the United States healthcare delivery system. These vital programs have endured widespread bipartisan support that I hope will continue today. I want to thank Congresswoman C
APPS for her work on this bill and for her longstanding leadership in pro-moting Federal efforts that advance the nursing profession. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill in order to help ensure that we have the nursing workforce needed to meet our Nation’s growing demand for nursing services. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ). Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise be-fore you today in support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reau-thorization Act. First, I want to thank my good friend and co-chair, L
OISCAPPS , for her hard work on this legislation. As a husband of a nurse, I know how important nurses are to their patients and all aspects of care. Their leader-ship, compassionate care, and team ap-proach to healthcare delivery is why nurses are the most trusted profession in America. This legislation specifically helps sustain a nursing workforce with suffi-cient numbers to keep America’s healthcare system running smoothly. It strengthens nursing education at all levels, from entry-level preparation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.011 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6118 November 14, 2016 
through graduate study, and provides support for institutions that educate nurses for practice in rural and medi-cally underserved communities. Reauthorizing Title VIII programs ensure that these key initiatives have an authorization for funding through fiscal year 2021. I believe Title VIII is a long-term investment which will help propel the nursing profession forward to meet the changing healthcare needs. We must recruit, support, and train a strong nursing workforce, and this bill will ensure that happens. So, please, stand with me today in support of our nurses and this vital legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ) for this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ), one of the nurses of the House of Representatives. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act, a bill I authored to strengthen our Nation’s nursing workforce. Nurses are there for the most inti-mate times of a person’s life. They touch the lives of patients and their families every day, not only ensuring proper care but supporting them through difficult diagnoses and helping them navigate the many complexities of our healthcare system—and they do it well. Time and time again, my colleagues here on the Hill will tell me about the excellent nursing care they or a family member received. In many ways, nurses are the backbone of the healthcare delivery system. We need to keep that backbone strong. That is exactly what Title VIII has done for over 50 years. In fact, Title VIII is the primary program our Nation has to strengthen and grow the nursing workforce. And it does so through tar-geted investments in the recruitment, retention, and distribution of these highly educated professionals who comprise our Nation’s nursing work-force. b1445 It bolsters nursing education at all levels, from entry-level preparation through graduate study. It helps nurses repay student loans in exchange for working in underserved areas. It pro-vides support for institutions that edu-cate nurses for practice in rural and medically underserved communities, with a special focus on ensuring nurses are ready and able to care for our Na-tion’s aging population; and it provides support for nurse educators so that they will be there—ready and willing— to teach the next generation of nursing professionals. It is also worth noting that title VIII has been incredibly successful. From 2006 to 2013 alone, title VIII supported more than 520,000 nurses and nursing students in getting them trained and into the field. H.R. 2713 would continue this impressive track record. Our bill is a bipartisan effort to ensure that these programs can continue while updating them to recognize advances in the pro-fession. That is why it has the support from so many of my colleagues here in Congress as well as from over 50 nurs-ing organizations. I thank and acknowledge my Con-gressional Nursing Caucus co-chair, Representative DAVID JOYCE from Ohio, who joined me to lead this reauthoriza-tion effort. He has been a strong advo-cate for nurses and a great partner in that effort. I again thank Chairman U
PTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE  and their staffs for moving this bill for-ward, and I thank my long-time health policy adviser, Adriane Casalotti, who has worked tirelessly with me, on be-half of this bill and the nursing profes-sion, over the course of her career on Capitol Hill. Now I hope the House would indulge me for a moment. As a nurse myself before my coming to Congress and as cofounder and co- chair of the House Nursing Caucus, I could not be more proud that we are here today. As some of my colleagues may remember, in 2002, one of my ear-liest priorities in Congress—the Nurse Reinvestment Act—became law. It was an important update to the title VIII program to ensure that it would meet the most pressing needs of our healthcare system. The bill we are con-sidering today is a continuation of that work I began so many years ago. Much has changed during this time in Con-gress, but our ability to come together to support nurses and the nursing pro-fession in a bipartisan way has not changed. I thank my colleagues on my behalf and all of our Nation’s nurses for this commitment then, now, and in the years to come. Making the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act law is a critical way to fulfill this commitment, so I urge strong support for this bill. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reau-thorization Act of 2016, which reau-thorizes the title VIII Nursing Work-force Development programs that are overseen by the Health Resources and Service Administration. As integral members of the healthcare team, nurses serve in a wide variety of delivery settings and col-laborate with other professionals to improve the quality of America’s healthcare system. Registered nurses comprise the largest group of health professionals, with over 3 million li-censed providers, and offer essential care to patients in a variety of set-tings, including hospitals, long-term care facilities, community centers, schools, workplaces, and patients’ homes. For many students, title VIII support means the difference between their ability to enter into the nursing profes-sion and not. In 2014, title VIII funding brought nearly $5 million to the State of Georgia to bolster nursing education at all levels—from entry level prepara-tion through graduate study—and also to provide support for institutions and nurse faculty. This legislation demonstrates a com-mitment to the future generations of practicing nurses, nurse faculty, and researchers across the country. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this bill, and I am grateful to LOIS CAPPS and D AVID J
OYCE . I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this important legis-lation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2713, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING PATIENT ACCESS TO EMERGENCY MEDICATIONS ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4365) to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the pro-vision of emergency medical services, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4365 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES. 
Section 303 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 821 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (k); and (2) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) E
MERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES THAT A
DMINISTER CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(1) R
EGISTRATION .—For the purpose of en-abling emergency medical services profes-sionals to administer controlled substances in schedule II, III, IV, or V to ultimate users receiving emergency medical services in ac-cordance with the requirements of this sub-section, the Attorney General— ‘‘(A) shall register an emergency medical services agency if the agency submits an ap-plication demonstrating it is authorized to conduct such activity under the laws of each State in which the agency practices; and ‘‘(B) may deny an application for such reg-istration if the Attorney General determines 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.013 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6119 November 14, 2016 
that the issuance of such registration would be inconsistent with the requirements of this subsection or the public interest based on the factors listed in subsection (f). ‘‘(2) O
PTION FOR SINGLE REGISTRATION .—In registering an emergency medical services agency pursuant to paragraph (1), the Attor-ney General shall allow such agency the op-tion of a single registration in each State where the agency administers controlled substances in lieu of requiring a separate registration for each location of the emer-gency medical services agency. ‘‘(3) H
OSPITAL -BASED AGENCY .—If a hos-pital-based emergency medical services agency is registered under subsection (f), the agency may use the registration of the hos-pital to administer controlled substances in accordance with this subsection without being registered under this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION OUTSIDE PHYSICAL  
PRESENCE OF MEDICAL DIRECTOR OR AUTHOR -
IZING MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL .—Emergency medical services professionals of a registered emergency medical services agency may ad-minister controlled substances in schedule II, III, IV, or V outside the physical presence of a medical director or authorizing medical professional in the course of providing emer-gency medical services if the administration is— ‘‘(A) authorized by the law of the State in which it occurs; and ‘‘(B) pursuant to— ‘‘(i) a standing order that is issued and adopted by 1 or more medical directors of the agency, including any such order that may be developed by a specific State authority; or ‘‘(ii) a verbal order that is— ‘‘(I) issued in accordance with a policy of the agency; ‘‘(II) provided by an authorizing medical professional in response to a request by the emergency medical services professional with respect to a specific patient; ‘‘(III) in the case of a mass casualty inci-dent; or ‘‘(IV) to ensure the proper care and treat-ment of a specific patient. ‘‘(5) D
ELIVERY .—A registered emergency medical services agency may deliver con-trolled substances from a registered location of the agency to an unregistered location of the agency only if— ‘‘(A) the agency designates the unregis-tered location for such delivery; and ‘‘(B) notifies the Attorney General at least 30 days prior to first delivering controlled substances to the unregistered location. ‘‘(6) S
TORAGE .—A registered emergency medical services agency may store con-trolled substances— ‘‘(A) at a registered location of the agency; ‘‘(B) at any designated location of the agency or in an emergency services vehicle situated at a registered or designated loca-tion of the agency; or ‘‘(C) in an emergency medical services ve-hicle used by the agency that is— ‘‘(i) traveling from, or returning to, a reg-istered or designated location of the agency in the course of responding to an emergency; or ‘‘(ii) otherwise actively in use by the agen-cy. ‘‘(7) N
O TREATMENT AS DISTRIBUTION .—The delivery of controlled substances by a reg-istered emergency medical services agency pursuant to this subsection shall not be treated as distribution for purposes of sec-tion 308. ‘‘(8) R
ESTOCKING OF EMERGENCY MEDICAL  
SERVICES VEHICLES AT A HOSPITAL .—Notwith- standing paragraph (13)(J), a registered emergency medical services agency may re-ceive controlled substances from a hospital for purposes of restocking an emergency medical services vehicle following an emer-gency response, and without being subject to the requirements of section 308, provided all of the following conditions are satisfied: ‘‘(A) The registered or designated location of the agency where the vehicle is primarily situated maintains a record of such receipt in accordance with paragraph (9). ‘‘(B) The hospital maintains a record of such delivery to the agency in accordance with section 307. ‘‘(C) If the vehicle is primarily situated at a designated location, such location notifies the registered location of the agency within 72 hours of the vehicle receiving the con-trolled substances. ‘‘(9) MAINTENANCE OF RECORDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A registered emergency medical services agency shall maintain records in accordance with subsections (a) and (b) of section 307 of all controlled sub-stances that are received, administered, or otherwise disposed of pursuant to the agen-cy’s registration, without regard to sub-section 307(c)(1)(B). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Such records— ‘‘(i) shall include records of deliveries of controlled substances between all locations of the agency; and ‘‘(ii) shall be maintained, whether elec-tronically or otherwise, at each registered and designated location of the agency where the controlled substances involved are re-ceived, administered, or otherwise disposed of. ‘‘(10) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—A registered emergency medical services agency, under the supervision of a medical director, shall be responsible for ensuring that— ‘‘(A) all emergency medical services profes-sionals who administer controlled substances using the agency’s registration act in ac-cordance with the requirements of this sub-section; ‘‘(B) the recordkeeping requirements of paragraph (9) are met with respect to a reg-istered location and each designated location of the agency; ‘‘(C) the applicable physical security re-quirements established by regulation of the Attorney General are complied with wher-ever controlled substances are stored by the agency in accordance with paragraph (6); and ‘‘(D) the agency maintains, at a registered location of the agency, a record of the stand-ing orders issued or adopted in accordance with paragraph (9). ‘‘(11) R
EGULATIONS .—The Attorney General may issue regulations— ‘‘(A) specifying, with regard to delivery of controlled substances under paragraph (5)— ‘‘(i) the types of locations that may des-ignated under such paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) the manner in which a notification under paragraph (5)(B) must be made; ‘‘(B) specifying, with regard to the storage of controlled substances under paragraph (6), the manner in which such substances must be stored at registered and designated loca-tions, including in emergency medical serv-ice vehicles; and ‘‘(C) addressing the ability of hospitals, registered locations, and designated loca-tions to deliver controlled substances to each other in the event of— ‘‘(i) shortages of such substances; ‘‘(ii) a public health emergency; or ‘‘(iii) a mass casualty event. ‘‘(12) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the authority vested in the Attorney General by other provisions of this title to take measures to prevent diversion of controlled substances; or ‘‘(B) to override the authority of any State to regulate the provision of emergency med-ical services. ‘‘(13) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) The term ‘designated location’ means a location designated by an emergency med-ical services agency under paragraph (5). ‘‘(B) The term ‘emergency medical serv-ices’ means emergency medical response and emergency mobile medical services provided outside of a fixed medical facility. ‘‘(C) The term ‘emergency medical services agency’ means an organization providing emergency medical services, including such an organization that— ‘‘(i) is governmental (including fire-based and hospital-based agencies), nongovern-mental (including hospital-based agencies), private, or volunteer-based; ‘‘(ii) provides emergency medical services by ground, air, or otherwise; and ‘‘(iii) is authorized by the State in which the organization is providing such services to provide emergency medical care, includ-ing the administering of controlled sub-stances, to members of the general public on an emergency basis. ‘‘(D) The term ‘emergency medical services professional’ means a health care profes-sional (including a nurse, paramedic, or emergency medical technician) licensed or certified by the State in which the profes-sional practices and credentialed by a med-ical director of the respective emergency medical services agency to provide emer-gency medical services within the scope of the professional’s State license or certifi-cation. ‘‘(E) The term ‘emergency medical services vehicle’ means an ambulance, fire apparatus, supervisor truck, or other vehicle used by an emergency medical services agency for the purpose of providing or facilitating emer-gency medical care and transport or trans-porting controlled substances to and from the registered and designated locations. ‘‘(F) The term ‘hospital-based’ means, with respect to an agency, owned or operated by a hospital. ‘‘(G) The term ‘medical director’ means a physician who is registered under subsection (f) and provides medical oversight for an emergency medical services agency. ‘‘(H) The term ‘medical oversight’ means supervision of the provision of medical care by an emergency medical services agency. ‘‘(I) The term ‘medical professional’ means an emergency or other physician, or another medical professional (including an advanced practice registered nurse or physician assist-ant) whose scope of practice under a State li-cense or certification includes the ability to provide verbal orders. ‘‘(J) The term ‘registered location’ means a location that appears on the certificate of registration issued to an emergency medical services agency under this subsection or sub-section (f), which shall be where the agency receives controlled substances from distribu-tors. ‘‘(K) The term ‘registered emergency med-ical services agency’ means— ‘‘(i) an emergency medical services agency that is registered pursuant to this sub-section; or ‘‘(ii) a hospital-based emergency medical services agency that is covered by the reg-istration of the hospital under subsection (f). ‘‘(L) The term ‘specific State authority’ means a governmental agency or other such authority, including a regional oversight and coordinating body, that, pursuant to State law or regulation, develops clinical protocols regarding the delivery of emergency medical services in the geographic jurisdiction of such agency or authority within the State that may be adopted by medical directors. ‘‘(M) The term ‘standing order’ means a written medical protocol in which a medical director determines in advance the medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.007 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6120 November 14, 2016 
criteria that must be met before admin-istering controlled substances to individuals in need of emergency medical services. ‘‘(N) The term ‘verbal order’ means an oral directive that is given through any method of communication including by radio or tele-phone, directly to an emergency medical services professional, to contemporaneously administer a controlled substance to individ-uals in need of emergency medical services outside the physical presence of the author-izing medical director.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4365, the Pro-tecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act, introduced by my col-leagues from North Carolina, Mr. H
UD-
SONand Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 4365 would update the DEA reg-istration process for emergency med-ical services agencies with multiple lo-cations, clarifying recordkeeping re-quirements related to the transpor-tation and storage of controlled sub-stances. Further, the bill would ensure that paramedics and other EMS profes-sionals are able to continue to admin-ister pain and antiseizure medications in emergency situations that are pur-suant to standing or verbal orders when certain conditions are met. H.R. 4365 has over 130 cosponsors. It was reported out of the Energy and Commerce Committee on a voice vote, and it is supported by over a dozen EMS and trauma care organizations. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4365. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 4365, the Pro-tecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016. I thank Mr. H
UDSON for his leader-ship, as well as Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ’s. This bill is the result of a bipartisan effort, and it reflects input from emer-gency medical services—EMS—profes-sionals, hospitals, and law enforce-ment. The bill strikes the right balance of ensuring that EMS professionals have flexibility when responding to emergency situations while preserving the Drug Enforcement Agency’s ability to effectively enforce U.S. laws and regulations that govern controlled sub-stances. H.R. 4365 would amend the Controlled Substances Act to, among other things, clarify that EMS personnel can admin-ister controlled substances under a standing order from an EMS medical director who oversees emergency care. This would codify what is current prac-tice across the U.S. and would help en-sure that patients have access to im-portant drugs during emergency situa-tions. H.R. 4365 would also streamline the EMS registration process to allow for a single registration for an EMS agency in a State rather than requiring each EMS medical director or EMS agency location to register. In addi-tion, H.R. 4365 makes EMS agencies re-sponsible for receiving, storing, and tracking controlled substances to en-sure that the DEA can better prevent the diversion or misuse of controlled substances. I thank my colleagues Mr. BUTTERFIELD and Mr. H UDSON for their work on this important legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4365. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ), the primary au-thor of the bill and a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to support my bill, H.R. 4365, the Protecting Patient Ac-cess to Emergency Medications Act. What if your loved one were in a car accident or had a seizure, but the EMS responder who was trained to help couldn’t give him the medicine he needed? Under current law, this could be a reality. This is a huge problem, es-pecially in rural communities where access to a hospital is already a chal-lenge. That is why I introduced this com-monsense bill with my colleague G.K. B
UTTERFIELD —to clarify existing law and allow emergency medical respond-ers to continue administering life-saving medications. Without this bill, patients could suffer simply because Washington hasn’t kept up with mod-ern medicine. It is a prime example of government’s getting in the way and of the exact type of problem I came here to fix. While today’s bill may not be flashy, it solves a problem and it saves lives. It is an example of how to get things done: finding common ground and ad-vancing bipartisan solutions to the problems that face us. Congressional action is immediately needed, which is why I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. I thank my colleague and friend, Representative B
UTTERFIELD , for work-ing with me on this in a bipartisan way. I also thank Chairman B
URGESS , Chairman U
PTON , and the other leaders of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee who have helped us bring this bill to the floor. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of H.R. 4365, the Protecting Patient Access to Emer-gency Medications Act of 2016, which amends the Controlled Substances Act and safeguards the dispensing of con-trolled substances by emergency med-ical services professionals. In today’s healthcare system, EMS providers often provide the first—and sometimes only—medical treatment that a patient receives in the event of an emergency. Due to their unique na-ture, there is routinely a clinical need for EMS providers to administer con-trolled substance medications in the practice of EMS medicine, ranging from pain narcotics to epinephrine. This response is critical to providing timely and lifesaving care, and, often-times, patients cannot survive delays in the delivery of this care. As the Representative of a rural dis-trict, many of my constituents con-tinue to face the consequences of the Drug Enforcement Agency regulations that do not take into account the sig-nificant differences between EMS prac-tice and that of other healthcare enti-ties that are covered by the same regu-lations. H.R. 4365 would ensure that EMS personnel can administer these emergency medications in a timely manner and provide the needed care to patients. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors and supporters. I yield back the balance of my time. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of the bill for bringing this important legislation to the floor. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4365, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONCRETE MASONRY PRODUCTS RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND PROMOTION ACT OF 2015 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 985) to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 985 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.007 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6121 November 14, 2016 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION OF POLICY. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to authorize the establishment of an orderly program for developing, financing, and car-rying out an effective, continuous, and co-ordinated program of research, education, and promotion, including funds for mar-keting and market research activities, that is designed to— (1) strengthen the position of the concrete masonry products industry in the domestic marketplace; (2) maintain, develop, and expand markets and uses for concrete masonry products in the domestic marketplace; and (3) promote the use of concrete masonry products in construction and building. (b) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this Act may be construed to provide for the control of production or otherwise limit the right of any person to manufacture concrete ma-sonry products. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act: (1) B
LOCK MACHINE .—The term ‘‘block ma-chine’’ means a piece of equipment that uti-lizes vibration and compaction to form con-crete masonry products. (2) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Concrete Masonry Products Board estab-lished under section 5. (3) C
AVITY .—The term ‘‘cavity’’ means the open space in the mold of a block machine capable of forming a single concrete ma-sonry unit having nominal plan dimensions of 8 inches by 16 inches. (4) C
OMMERCE .—The term ‘‘commerce’’ in-cludes interstate, foreign, and intrastate commerce. (5) C
ONCRETE MASONRY PRODUCTS .—The term ‘‘concrete masonry products’’ refers to a broader class of products, including con-crete masonry units as well as hardscape products such as concrete pavers and seg-mental retaining wall units, manufactured on a block machine using dry-cast concrete. (6) C
ONCRETE MASONRY UNIT .—The term ‘‘concrete masonry unit’’ means a concrete masonry product that is a manmade ma-sonry unit having an actual width of 3 inches or greater and manufactured from dry-cast concrete using a block machine. Such term includes concrete block and related concrete units used in masonry applications. (7) C
ONFLICT OF INTEREST .—The term ‘‘con-flict of interest’’ means, with respect to a member or employee of the Board, a situa-tion in which such member or employee has a direct or indirect financial or other inter-est in a person that performs a service for, or enters into a contract with, for anything of economic value. (8) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Commerce. (9) D
RY-CAST CONCRETE .—The term ‘‘dry- cast concrete’’ means a composite material that is composed essentially of aggregates embedded in a binding medium composed of a mixture of cementitious materials (includ-ing hydraulic cement, pozzolans, or other ce-mentitious materials) and water of such a consistency to maintain its shape after form-ing in a block machine. (10) E
DUCATION .—The term ‘‘education’’ means programs that will educate or com-municate the benefits of concrete masonry products in safe and environmentally sus-tainable development, advancements in con-crete masonry product technology and devel-opment, and other information and programs designed to generate increased demand for commercial, residential, multi-family, and institutional projects using concrete ma-sonry products and to generally enhance the image of concrete masonry products. (11) MACHINE CAVITIES .—The term ‘‘ma-chine cavities’’ means the cavities with which a block machine could be equipped. (12) M
ACHINE CAVITIES IN OPERATION .—The term ‘‘machine cavities in operation’’ means those machine cavities associated with a block machine that have produced concrete masonry units within the last 6 months of the date set for determining eligibility and is fully operable and capable of producing concrete masonry units. (13) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘manufac-turer’’ means any person engaged in the manufacturing of commercial concrete ma-sonry products in the United States. (14) M
ASONRY UNIT .—The term ‘‘masonry unit’’ means a noncombustible building prod-uct intended to be laid by hand or joined using mortar, grout, surface bonding, post- tensioning or some combination of these methods. (15) O
RDER .—The term ‘‘order’’ means an order issued under section 4. (16) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means any individual, group of individuals, partner-ship, corporation, association, cooperative, or any other entity. (17) P
ROMOTION .—The term ‘‘promotion’’ means any action, including paid adver-tising, to advance the image and desirability of concrete masonry products with the ex-press intent of improving the competitive position and stimulating sales of concrete masonry products in the marketplace. (18) R
ESEARCH .—The term ‘‘research’’ means studies testing the effectiveness of market development and promotion efforts, studies relating to the improvement of con-crete masonry products and new product de-velopment, and studies documenting the per-formance of concrete masonry. (19) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (20) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ means the several States and the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 4. ISSUANCE OF ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
SSUANCE .—The Secretary, subject to the procedures provided in subsection (b), shall issue orders under this Act applicable to manufacturers of concrete masonry prod-ucts. (2) S
COPE.—Any order shall be national in scope. (3) O
NE ORDER .—Not more than one order shall be in effect at any one time. (b) P
ROCEDURES .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT OR RECEIPT OF PROPOSED  
ORDER .—A proposed order with respect to the generic research, education, and promotion with regards to concrete masonry products may be— (A) proposed by the Secretary at any time; or (B) requested by or submitted to the Sec-retary by— (i) an existing national organization of concrete masonry product manufacturers; or (ii) any person that may be affected by the issuance of an order. (2) P
UBLICATION OF PROPOSED ORDER .—If the Secretary determines that a proposed order received in accordance with paragraph (1)(B) is consistent with and will effectuate the purpose of this Act, the Secretary shall pub-lish such proposed order in the Federal Reg-ister not later than 90 days after receiving the order, and give not less than 30 days no-tice and opportunity for public comment on the proposed order. (3) I
SSUANCE OF ORDER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—After notice and oppor-tunity for public comment are provided in accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall issue the order, taking into consider-ation the comments received and including in the order such provisions as are necessary to ensure that the order is in conformity with this Act. (B) EFFECTIVE DATE .—If there is an affirm-ative vote in a referendum as provided in section 7, the Secretary shall issue the order and such order shall be effective not later than 140 days after publication of the pro-posed order. (c) A
MENDMENTS .—The Secretary may, from time to time, amend an order. The pro-visions of this Act applicable to an order shall be applicable to any amendment to an order. 
SEC. 5. REQUIRED TERMS IN ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any order issued under this Act shall contain the terms and provi-sions specified in this section. (b) C
ONCRETE MASONRY PRODUCTS BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT AND MEMBERSHIP .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The order shall pro-vide for the establishment of a Concrete Ma-sonry Products Board to carry out a program of generic promotion, research, and edu-cation regarding concrete masonry products. (B) M
EMBERSHIP .— (i) N
UMBER OF MEMBERS .—The board shall consist of not less than 15 and not more than 25 members. (ii) A
PPOINTMENT .—The members of the Board shall be appointed by the Secretary from nominations submitted as provided in the order. (iii) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall consist of manufacturers. No employee of an indus-try trade organization exempt from tax under paragraphs (3) or (6) of section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 501(c)) representing the concrete masonry in-dustry or related industries shall serve as a member of the Board and no member of the Board may serve concurrently as an officer of the board of directors of a national con-crete masonry products industry trade asso-ciation. Only two individuals from any single company or its affiliates may serve on the Board at any one time. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF APPOINTMENTS .— (A) R
EPRESENTATION .—To ensure fair and equitable representation of the concrete ma-sonry products industry, the composition of the Board shall reflect the geographical dis-tribution of the manufacture of concrete ma-sonry products in the United States, the types of concrete masonry products manu-factured, and the range in size of manufac-turers in the United States. (B) A
DJUSTMENT IN BOARD REPRESENTA -
TION.—Three years after the assessment of concrete masonry products commences pur-suant to an order, and at the end of each 3- year period thereafter, the Board, subject to the review and approval of the Secretary, shall, if warranted, recommend to the Sec-retary the reapportionment of the Board membership to reflect changes in the geo-graphical distribution of the manufacture of concrete masonry products and the types of concrete masonry products manufactured. (3) N
OMINATIONS PROCESS .—The Secretary may make appointments from nominations by manufacturers pursuant to the method set forth in the order. (4) F
AILURE TO APPOINT .—If the Secretary fails to make an appointment to the Board within 60 days of receiving nominations for such appointment, the first nominee for such appointment shall be deemed appointed, un-less the Secretary provides reasonable jus-tification for the delay to the Board and to Congress and provides a reasonable date by which approval or disapproval will be made. (5) A
LTERNATES .—The order shall provide for the selection of alternate members of the Board by the Secretary in accordance with procedures specified in the order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.008 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6122 November 14, 2016 
(6) T ERMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The members and any al-ternates of the Board shall each serve for a term of 3 years, except that members and any alternates initially appointed to the Board shall serve for terms of not more than 2, 3, and 4 years, as specified by the order. (B) L
IMITATION ON CONSECUTIVE TERMS .—A member or an alternate may serve not more than 2 consecutive terms. (C) C
ONTINUATION OF TERM .—Notwith- standing subparagraph (B), each member or alternate shall continue to serve until a suc-cessor is appointed by the Secretary. (D) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy arising before the expiration of a term of office of an in-cumbent member or alternate of the Board shall be filled in a manner provided for in the order. (7) D
ISQUALIFICATION FROM BOARD SERV -
ICE.—The order shall provide that if a mem-ber or alternate of the Board who was ap-pointed as a manufacturer ceases to qualify as a manufacturer, such member or alternate shall be disqualified from serving on the Board. (8) C
OMPENSATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Members and any alter-nates of the Board shall serve without com-pensation. (B) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—If approved by the Board, members or alternates shall be reim-bursed for reasonable travel expenses, which may include per diem allowance or actual subsistence incurred while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Board. (c) P
OWERS AND DUTIES OF THE BOARD .— The order shall specify the powers and duties of the Board, including the power and duty— (1) to administer the order in accordance with its terms and conditions and to collect assessments; (2) to develop and recommend to the Sec-retary for approval such bylaws as may be necessary for the functioning of the Board and such rules as may be necessary to ad-minister the order, including activities au-thorized to be carried out under the order; (3) to meet, organize, and select from among members of the Board a chairperson, other officers, and committees and sub-committees, as the Board determines appro-priate; (4) to establish regional organizations or committees to administer regional initia-tives; (5) to establish working committees of per-sons other than Board members; (6) to employ such persons, other than the members, as the board considers necessary, and to determine the compensation and specify the duties of the persons; (7) to prepare and submit for the approval of the Secretary, before the beginning of each fiscal year, rates of assessment under section 6 and an annual budget of the antici-pated expenses to be incurred in the adminis-tration of the order, including the probable cost of each promotion, research, and infor-mation activity proposed to be developed or carried out by the Board; (8) to borrow funds necessary for the start-up expenses of the order; (9) to carry out generic research, edu-cation, and promotion programs and projects relating to concrete masonry products, and to pay the costs of such programs and projects with assessments collected under section 6; (10) subject to subsection (e), to enter into contracts or agreements to develop and carry out programs or projects of research, education, and promotion relating to con-crete masonry products; (11) to keep minutes, books, and records that reflect the actions and transactions of the Board, and promptly report minutes of each Board meeting to the Secretary; (12) to receive, investigate, and report to the Secretary complaints of violations of the order; (13) to furnish the Secretary with such in-formation as the Secretary may request; (14) to recommend to the Secretary such amendments to the order as the Board con-siders appropriate; and (15) to provide the Secretary with advance notice of meetings to permit the Secretary or the Secretary’s representative to attend the meetings. (d) PROGRAMS AND PROJECTS ; BUDGETS ; EX-
PENSES .— (1) P
ROGRAMS AND PROJECTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The order shall require the Board to submit to the Secretary for ap-proval any program or project of research, education, or promotion relating to concrete masonry products. (B) S
TATEMENT REQUIRED .—Any edu-cational or promotional activity undertaken with funds provided by the Board shall in-clude a statement that such activities were supported in whole or in part by the Board. (2) B
UDGETS .— (A) S
UBMISSION .—The order shall require the Board to submit to the Secretary for ap-proval a budget of the anticipated expenses and disbursements of the Board in the imple-mentation of the order, including the pro-jected costs of concrete masonry products re-search, education, and promotion programs and projects. (B) T
IMING .—The budget shall be submitted before the beginning of a fiscal year and as frequently as may be necessary after the be-ginning of the fiscal year. (C) A
PPROVAL .—If the Secretary fails to ap-prove or reject a budget within 60 days of re-ceipt, such budget shall be deemed approved, unless the Secretary provides to the Board and to Congress, in writing, reasonable jus-tification for the delay and provides a rea-sonable date by which approval or dis-approval will be made. (3) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— (A) I
NCURRING EXPENSES .—The Board may incur the expenses described in paragraph (2) and other expenses for the administration, maintenance, and functioning of the Board as authorized by the Secretary. (B) P
AYMENT OF EXPENSES .—Expenses in-curred under subparagraph (A) shall be paid by the Board using assessments collected under section 6, earnings obtained from as-sessments, and other income of the Board. Any funds borrowed by the Board shall be ex-pended only for startup costs and capital outlays. (C) L
IMITATION ON SPENDING .—For fiscal years beginning 3 or more years after the date of the establishment of the Board, the Board may not expend for administration (except for reimbursement to the Secretary required under subparagraph (D)), mainte-nance, and functioning of the Board in a fis-cal year an amount that exceeds 10 percent of the assessment and other income received by the Board for the fiscal year. (D) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF SECRETARY .—The order shall require that the Secretary be re-imbursed by the Board from assessments for all expenses incurred by the Secretary in the implementation, administration, and super-vision of the order, including all referenda costs incurred in connection with the order. (e) C
ONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The order shall provide that, with the approval of the Secretary, the Board may— (A) enter into contracts and agreements to carry out generic research, education, and promotion programs and projects relating to concrete masonry products, including con-tracts and agreements with manufacturer as-sociations or other entities as considered ap-propriate by the Secretary; (B) enter into contracts and agreements for administrative services; and (C) pay the cost of approved generic re-search, education, and promotion programs and projects using assessments collected under section 6, earnings obtained from as-sessments, and other income of the Board. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—Each contract or agreement shall provide that any person who enters into the contract or agreement with the Board shall— (A) develop and submit to the Board a pro-posed program or project together with a budget that specifies the cost to be incurred to carry out the program or project; (B) keep accurate records of all of trans-actions relating to the contract or agree-ment; (C) account for funds received and ex-pended in connection with the contract or agreement; (D) make periodic reports to the Board of activities conducted under the contract or agreement; and (E) make such other reports as the Board or the Secretary considers relevant. (3) F
AILURE TO APPROVE .—If the Secretary fails to approve or reject a contract or agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) within 60 days of receipt, the contract or agreement shall be deemed approved, unless the Sec-retary provides to the Board and to Con-gress, in writing, reasonable justification for the delay and provides a reasonable date by which approval or disapproval will be made. (f) B
OOKS AND RECORDS OF BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The order shall require the Board to— (A) maintain such books and records (which shall be available to the Secretary for inspection and audit) as the Secretary may require; (B) collect and submit to the Secretary, at any time the Secretary may specify, any in-formation the Secretary may request; and (C) account for the receipt and disburse-ment of all funds in the possession, or under the control, of the Board. (2) A
UDITS .—The order shall require the Board to have— (A) the books and records of the Board au-dited by an independent auditor at the end of each fiscal year; and (B) a report of the audit submitted directly to the Secretary. (g) P
ROHIBITED ACTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Board shall not engage in any program or project to, nor shall any funds received by the Board under this Act be used to— (A) influence legislation, elections, or gov-ernmental action; (B) engage in an action that would be a conflict of interest; (C) engage in advertising that is false or misleading; (D) engage in any promotion, research, or education that would be disparaging to other construction materials; or (E) engage in any promotion or project that would benefit any individual manufac-turer. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not preclude— (A) the development and recommendation of amendments to the order; (B) the communication to appropriate gov-ernment officials of information relating to the conduct, implementation, or results of research, education, and promotion activi-ties under the order except communications described in paragraph (1)(A); or (C) any lawful action designed to market concrete masonry products directly to a for-eign government or political subdivision of a foreign government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.008 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6123 November 14, 2016 
(h) P ERIODIC EVALUATION .—The order shall require the Board to provide for the inde-pendent evaluation of all research, edu-cation, and promotion programs or projects undertaken under the order, beginning five years after the date of enactment of this Act and every three years thereafter. The Board shall submit to the Secretary and make available to the public the results of each such evaluation. (i) O
BJECTIVES .—The Board shall establish annual research, education, and promotion objectives and performance metrics for each fiscal year subject to approval by the Sec-retary. (j) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—Every two years the Board shall prepare and make publicly avail-able a comprehensive and detailed report that includes an identification and descrip-tion of all programs and projects undertaken by the Board during the previous two years as well as those planned for the subsequent two years and detail the allocation or planned allocation of Board resources for each such program or project. Such report shall also include— (1) the Board’s overall financial condition; (2) a summary of the amounts obligated or expended during the two preceding fiscal years; and (3) a description of the extent to which the Board’s objectives were met according to the metrics required under subsection (i). (k) B
OOKS AND RECORDS OF PERSONS COV-
ERED BY ORDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The order shall require that manufacturers shall— (A) maintain records sufficient to ensure compliance with the order and regulations; and (B) make the records described in subpara-graph (A) available, during normal business hours, for inspection by employees or agents of the Board or the Department. (2) T
IME REQUIREMENT .—Any record re-quired to be maintained under paragraph (1) shall be maintained for such time period as the Secretary may prescribe. (3) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph, trade secrets and commercial or financial information that is privileged or confidential reported to, or oth-erwise obtained by the Board or the Sec-retary (or any representative of the Board or the Secretary) under this Act shall not be disclosed by any officers, employees, and agents of the Department or the Board. (B) S
UITS AND HEARINGS .—Information re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) may be dis-closed only if— (i) the Secretary considers the information relevant; and (ii) the information is revealed in a judi-cial proceeding or administrative hearing brought at the direction or on the request of the Secretary or to which the Secretary or any officer of the Department is a party. (C) G
ENERAL STATEMENTS AND PUBLICA -
TIONS .—This paragraph does not prohibit— (i) the issuance of general statements based on reports or on information relating to a number of persons subject to an order if the statements do not identify the informa-tion furnished by any person; or (ii) the publication, by direction of the Secretary, of the name of any person vio-lating any order and a statement of the par-ticular provisions of the order violated by the person. (D) P
ENALTY .—Any officer, employee, or agent of the Department of Commerce or any officer, employee, or agent of the Board who willfully violates this paragraph shall be fined not more than $1,000 and imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both. (4) WITHHOLDING INFORMATION .—This sub-section does not authorize the withholding of information from Congress. 
SEC. 6. ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENTS .—The order shall provide that assessments shall be paid by a manufac-turer if the manufacturer has manufactured concrete masonry products during a period of at least 180 days prior to the date the as-sessment is to be remitted. (b) C
OLLECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Assessments required under the order shall be remitted by the manufacturer to the Board in the manner prescribed by the order. (2) T
IMING .—The order shall provide that assessments required under the order shall be remitted to the Board not less frequently than quarterly. (3) R
ECORDS .—As part of the remittance of assessments, manufacturers shall identify the total amount due in assessments on all sales receipts, invoices or other commercial documents of sale as a result of the sale of concrete masonry units in a manner as pre-scribed by the Board to ensure compliance with the order. (c) A
SSESSMENT RATES .—With respect to assessment rates, the order shall contain the following terms: (1) I
NITIAL RATE .—The assessment rate on concrete masonry products shall be $0.01 per concrete masonry unit sold. (2) C
HANGES IN THE RATE .— (A) A
UTHORITY TO CHANGE RATE .—The Board shall have the authority to change the assessment rate. A two-thirds majority of voting members of the Board shall be re-quired to approve a change in the assessment rate. (B) L
IMITATION ON INCREASES .—An increase or decrease in the assessment rate with re-spect to concrete masonry products may not exceed $0.01 per concrete masonry unit sold. (C) M
AXIMUM RATE .—The assessment rate shall not be in excess of $0.05 per concrete masonry unit. (D) L
IMITATION ON FREQUENCY OF  
CHANGES .—The assessment rate may not be increased or decreased more than once annu-ally. (d) L
ATE-PAYMENT AND INTEREST  C
HARGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Late-payment and inter-est charges may be levied on each person subject to the order who fails to remit an as-sessment in accordance with subsection (b). (2) R
ATE.—The rate for late-payment and interest charges shall be specified by the Secretary. (e) I
NVESTMENT OF ASSESSMENTS .—Pending disbursement of assessments under a budget approved by the Secretary, the Board may invest assessments collected under this sec-tion in— (1) obligations of the United States or any agency of the United States; (2) general obligations of any State or any political subdivision of a State; (3) interest-bearing accounts or certifi-cates of deposit of financial institutions that are members of the Federal Reserve System; or (4) obligations fully guaranteed as to prin-cipal and interest by the United States. (f) A
SSESSMENT FUNDS FOR REGIONAL INI-
TIATIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The order shall provide that no less than 50 percent of the assess-ments (less administration expenses) paid by a manufacturer shall be used to support re-search, education, and promotion programs and projects in support of the geographic re-gion of the manufacturer. (2) G
EOGRAPHIC REGIONS .—The order shall provide for the following geographic regions: (A) Region I shall comprise Connecticut, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and West Virginia. (B) Region II shall comprise Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Caro-lina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Vir-ginia. (C) Region III shall comprise Illinois, Indi-ana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Da-kota, and Wisconsin. (D) Region IV shall comprise Arizona, Ar-kansas, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas. (E) Region V shall comprise Alaska, Cali-fornia, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wy-oming. (3) ADJUSTMENT OF GEOGRAPHIC REGIONS .— The order shall provide that the Secretary may, upon recommendation of the Board, modify the composition of the geographic re-gions described in paragraph (2). 
SEC. 7. REFERENDA. 
(a) I NITIAL REFERENDUM .— (1) R
EFERENDUM REQUIRED .—During the 60- day period immediately preceding the pro-posed effective date of the order issued under section 4, the Secretary shall conduct a ref-erendum among manufacturers eligible under subsection (b)(2) subject to assess-ments under section 6. (2) A
PPROVAL OF ORDER NEEDED .—The order shall become effective only if the Secretary determines that the order has been approved by a majority of manufacturers voting who also represent a majority of the machine cavities in operation of those manufacturers voting in the referendum. (b) V
OTES PERMITTED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each manufacturer eligi-ble to vote in a referendum conducted under this section shall be entitled to cast one vote. (2) E
LIGIBILITY .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a manufacturer shall be considered to be eligible to vote if the manufacturer has man-ufactured concrete masonry products during a period of at least 180 days prior to the first day of the period during which voting in the referendum will occur. (c) M
ANNER OF CONDUCTING REFERENDA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Referenda conducted pur-suant to this section shall be conducted in a manner determined by the Secretary. (2) A
DVANCE REGISTRATION .—A manufac-turer who chooses to vote in any referendum conducted under this section shall register with the Secretary prior to the voting pe-riod, after receiving notice from the Sec-retary concerning the referendum under paragraph (4). (3) V
OTING .—The Secretary shall establish procedures for voting in any referendum con-ducted under this section. The ballots and other information or reports that reveal or tend to reveal the identity or vote of voters shall be strictly confidential. (4) N
OTICE .—Not later than 30 days before a referendum is conducted under this section with respect to an order, the Secretary shall notify all manufacturers, in such a manner as determined by the Secretary, of the period during which voting in the referendum will occur. The notice shall explain any registra-tion and voting procedures established under this subsection. (d) S
UBSEQUENT REFERENDA .—If an order is approved in a referendum conducted under subsection (a), the Secretary shall conduct a subsequent referendum— (1) at the request of the Board, subject to the voting requirements of subsections (b) and (c), to ascertain whether eligible manu-facturers favor suspension, termination, or continuance of the order; or (2) effective beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date of the approval of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.008 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6124 November 14, 2016 
order, and at 5-year intervals thereafter, at the request of 25 percent or more of the total number of persons eligible to vote under sub-section (b). (e) S
USPENSION OR TERMINATION .—If, as a result of a referendum conducted under sub-section (d), the Secretary determines that suspension or termination of the order is fa-vored by a majority of all votes cast in the referendum as provided in subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall— (1) not later than 180 days after the ref-erendum, suspend or terminate, as appro-priate, collection of assessments under the order; and (2) suspend or terminate, as appropriate, programs and projects under the order as soon as practicable and in an orderly man-ner. (f) C
OSTS OF REFERENDA .—The Board estab-lished under an order with respect to which a referendum is conducted under this section shall reimburse the Secretary from assess-ments for any expenses incurred by the Sec-retary to conduct the referendum. 
SEC. 8. PETITION AND REVIEW. 
(a) P ETITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A person subject to an order issued under this Act may file with the Secretary a petition— (A) stating that the order, any provision of the order, or any obligation imposed in con-nection with the order, is not established in accordance with law; and (B) requesting a modification of the order or an exemption from the order. (2) H
EARING .—The Secretary shall give the petitioner an opportunity for a hearing on the petition, in accordance with regulations issued by the Secretary. (3) R
ULING .—After the hearing, the Sec-retary shall make a ruling on the petition. The ruling shall be final, subject to review as set forth in subsection (b). (4) L
IMITATION ON PETITION .—Any petition filed under this subsection challenging an order, any provision of the order, or any obli-gation imposed in connection with the order, shall be filed not less than 2 years after the effective date of the order, provision, or obli-gation subject to challenge in the petition. (b) R
EVIEW .— (1) C
OMMENCEMENT OF ACTION .—The district courts of the United States in any district in which a person who is a petitioner under sub-section (a) resides or conducts business shall have jurisdiction to review the ruling of the Secretary on the petition of the person, if a complaint requesting the review is filed no later than 30 days after the date of the entry of the ruling by the Secretary. (2) P
ROCESS .—Service of process in pro-ceedings under this subsection shall be con-ducted in accordance with the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. (3) R
EMANDS .—If the court in a proceeding under this subsection determines that the ruling of the Secretary on the petition of the person is not in accordance with law, the court shall remand the matter to the Sec-retary with directions— (A) to make such ruling as the court shall determine to be in accordance with law; or (B) to take such further action as, in the opinion the court, the law requires. (c) E
NFORCEMENT .—The pendency of pro-ceedings instituted under this section shall not impede, hinder, or delay the Attorney General or the Secretary from obtaining re-lief under section 9. 
SEC. 9. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) J URISDICTION .—A district court of the United States shall have jurisdiction to en-force, and to prevent and restrain any person from violating, this Act or an order or regu-lation issued by the Secretary under this Act. (b) REFERRAL TO ATTORNEY GENERAL .—A civil action authorized to be brought under this section shall be referred to the Attorney General of the United States for appropriate action. (c) C
IVILPENALTIES AND ORDERS .— (1) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—A person who will-fully violates an order or regulation issued by the Secretary under this Act may be as-sessed by the Secretary a civil penalty of not more than $5,000 for each violation. (2) S
EPARATE OFFENSE .—Each violation and each day during which there is a failure to comply with an order or regulation issued by the Secretary shall be considered to be a sep-arate offense. (3) C
EASE -AND-DESIST ORDERS .—In addition to, or in lieu of, a civil penalty, the Sec-retary may issue an order requiring a person to cease and desist from violating the order or regulation. (4) N
OTICE AND HEARING .—No order assess-ing a penalty or cease-and-desist order may be issued by the Secretary under this sub-section unless the Secretary provides notice and an opportunity for a hearing on the record with respect to the violation. (5) F
INALITY .—An order assessing a penalty or a cease-and-desist order issued under this subsection by the Secretary shall be final and conclusive unless the person against whom the order is issued files an appeal from the order with the appropriate district court of the United States. (d) A
DDITIONAL REMEDIES .—The remedies provided in this Act shall be in addition to, and not exclusive of, other remedies that may be available. 
SEC. 10. INVESTIGATION AND POWER TO SUB-POENA. 
(a) I NVESTIGATIONS .—The Secretary may conduct such investigations as the Secretary considers necessary for the effective admin-istration of this Act, or to determine wheth-er any person has engaged or is engaging in any act that constitutes a violation of this Act or any order or regulation issued under this Act. (b) S
UBPOENAS , O ATHS , AND AFFIRMA -
TIONS .— (1) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—For the purpose of conducting an investigation under sub-section (a), the Secretary may administer oaths and affirmations, subpoena witnesses, compel the attendance of witnesses, take evidence, and require the production of any records that are relevant to the inquiry. The production of the records may be required from any place in the United States. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS .—For the purpose of an administrative hearing held under section 8(a)(2) or section 9(c)(4), the presiding officer may administer oaths and affirmations, subpoena witnesses, compel the attendance of witnesses, take evidence, and require the production of any records that are relevant to the inquiry. The attendance of witnesses and the production of the records may be required from any place in the United States. (c) A
ID OF COURTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of contumacy by, or refusal to obey a subpoena issued under subsection (b) to, any person, the Sec-retary may invoke the aid of any court of the United States within the jurisdiction of which the investigation or proceeding is con-ducted, or where the person resides or con-ducts business, in order to enforce a sub-poena issued under subsection (b). (2) O
RDER .—The court may issue an order requiring the person referred to in paragraph (1) to comply with a subpoena referred to in paragraph (1). (3) F
AILURE TO OBEY .—Any failure to obey the order of the court may be punished by the court as a contempt of court. (4) PROCESS .—Process in any proceeding under this subsection may be served in the United States judicial district in which the person being proceeded against resides or conducts business, or wherever the person may be found. 
SEC. 11. SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION. 
(a) M ANDATORY SUSPENSION OR TERMI-
NATION .—The Secretary shall suspend or ter-minate an order or a provision of an order if the Secretary finds that an order or provi-sion of an order obstructs or does not tend to effectuate the purpose of this Act, or if the Secretary determines that the order or a provision of an order is not favored by a ma-jority of all votes cast in the referendum as provided in section 7(a)(2). (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF SUSPENSION OR TER-
MINATION .—If, as a result of a referendum conducted under section 7, the Secretary de-termines that the order is not approved, the Secretary shall— (1) not later than 180 days after making the determination, suspend or terminate, as the case may be, collection of assessments under the order; and (2) as soon as practicable, suspend or ter-minate, as the case may be, activities under the order in an orderly manner. 
SEC. 12. AMENDMENTS TO ORDERS. 
The provisions of this Act applicable to the order shall be applicable to any amendment to the order, except that section 8 shall not apply to an amendment. 
SEC. 13. EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS. 
This Act shall not affect or preempt any other Federal or State law authorizing re-search, education, and promotion relating to concrete masonry products. 
SEC. 14. REGULATIONS. 
The Secretary may issue such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this Act and the power vested in the Secretary under this Act. 
SEC. 15. LIMITATION ON EXPENDITURES FOR AD-MINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
Funds appropriated to carry out this Act may not be used for the payment of the ex-penses or expenditures of the Board in ad-ministering the order. 
SEC. 16. LIMITATIONS ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In each fiscal year of the covered period, the Board may not obligate an amount greater than the sum of— (1) 73 percent of the amount of assessments estimated to be collected under section 6 in such fiscal year; (2) 73 percent of the amount of assessments actually collected under section 6 in the most recent fiscal year for which an audit re-port has been submitted under section 5(f)(2)(B) as of the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amount that may be obli-gated is being determined, less the estimate made pursuant to paragraph (1) for such most recent fiscal year; and (3) amounts permitted in preceding fiscal years to be obligated pursuant to this sub-section that have not been obligated. (b) E
XCESS AMOUNTS DEPOSITED IN ESCROW  A
CCOUNT .—Assessments collected under sec-tion 6 in excess of the amount permitted to be obligated under subsection (a) in a fiscal year shall be deposited in an escrow account for the duration of the covered period. (c) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS IN ESCROW AC-
COUNT .—During the covered period, the Board may not obligate, expend, or borrow against amounts required under subsection (b) to be deposited in the escrow account. Any interest earned on such amounts shall be deposited in the escrow account and shall be unavailable for obligation for the dura-tion of the covered period. (d) R
ELEASE OF AMOUNTS IN ESCROW AC-
COUNT .—After the covered period, the Board 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.008 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6125 November 14, 2016 
may withdraw and obligate in any fiscal year an amount in the escrow account that does not exceed 
1⁄5th of the amount in the escrow account on the last day of the covered pe-riod. (e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTIMATES FOR PAR-
TICULAR FISCAL YEARS .— (1) R
ULE.—For purposes of subsection (a)(1), the amount of assessments estimated to be collected under section 6 in a fiscal year specified in paragraph (2) shall be equal to 62 percent of the amount of assessments actually collected under such section in the most recent fiscal year for which an audit re-port has been submitted under section 5(f)(2)(B) as of the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amount that may be obli-gated is being determined. (2) F
ISCAL YEARS SPECIFIED .—The fiscal years specified in this paragraph are the 9th and 10th fiscal years that begin on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) C
OVERED PERIOD DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered period’’ means the period that begins on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ends on the last day of the 11th fiscal year that begins on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 17. STUDY AND REPORT BY THE GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE. 
Not later than 5 years and 8 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall prepare a study and submit to Congress and the Secretary a report examining— (1) how the Board spends assessments col-lected; (2) the extent to which the Board’s re-ported activities help achieve its annual ob-jectives; (3) any changes in demand for concrete ma-sonry products relative to other building ma-terials; (4) any impact of the Board’s activities on the market share of competing products; (5) any impact of the Board’s activities on the overall size of the market for building products; (6) any impact of the Board’s activities on the total number of concrete masonry re-lated jobs, including manufacturing, sales, and installation; (7) any significant effects of the Board’s ac-tivities on downstream purchasers of con-crete masonry products and real property into which concrete masonry products are incorporated; (8) effects on prices of concrete masonry products as a result of the Board’s activities; (9) the cost to the federal government of an increase in concrete masonry product prices, if any, as a result of the program established by this Act; (10) the extent to which key statutory re-quirements are met; (11) the extent and strength of federal over-sight of the program established by this Act; (12) the appropriateness of administering the program from within the Office of the Secretary of Commerce and the appropriate-ness of administering the program from within any division of the Department of Commerce, including whether the Depart-ment has the expertise, knowledge, or other capabilities necessary to adequately admin-ister the program; and (13) any other topic that the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
SEC. 18. STUDY AND REPORT BY THE DEPART-MENT OF COMMERCE. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall pre-pare a study and submit to Congress a report examining the appropriateness and effective-ness of applying the commodity check-off program model (such as those programs es-tablished under subchapter II of chapter 101 of title 7, United States Code) to a non-agricultural industry, taking into account the program established by this Act and any other check-off program involving a non-agricultural industry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. b1500 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act, introduced by Mr. G
UTHRIE from Kentucky. H.R. 985 enjoys strong support from industry and has nearly 250 cosponsors. Concrete product manufacturers are local businesses, and this promotion program will be run by the industry and will support jobs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 985. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in support of H.R. 985, the Concrete Ma-sonry Product Research, Education, and Promotion Act, which establishes a checkoff program to promote con-crete masonry products. The bill on the floor today is itself the product of good, bipartisan work in the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee and the full En-ergy and Commerce Committee. During markup, we adopted changes to make sure the checkoff program runs efficiently, transparently, and ac-countably. We took into account feed-back from the Government Account-ability Office based on our experience with previous checkoff programs. We made the program fair for small manufacturers by giving each manufac-turer a single vote on the board instead of giving most of the influence to the largest manufacturers. We added a study to explore the feasibility of checkoff programs for other building materials. We have now also ensured that this bill will be budget neutral. Thanks to the bipartisan work of the committee to strengthen this legisla-tion, we were able to advance the bill by voice vote in subcommittee and full committee, and I look forward to pass-ing it on the House floor today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ), the author of the bill. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Prod-ucts Research, Education, and Pro-motion Act of 2015, which I was a proud coauthor with Congresswoman K
ATHY  C
ASTOR . Because of the nature of concrete products and the difficulty of trans-porting them, concrete masonry busi-nesses tend to be small, local, and deeply entwined in their communities; and virtually every congressional dis-trict is home to at least one. Often, these small businesses do not have the resources needed for research and de-velopment of safer and more durable products to use in building construc-tion. H.R. 985 was developed with extensive constituent involvement and is before us today because of the widespread sup-port of the industry in all corners of the country. We wouldn’t be here today if it was not for their support and the bipartisan support of 247 cosponsors. Two dozen similar industries have benefited from similar programs, which allow commodity industries to pool re-sources for research, education, and promotion of their nonbranded prod-ucts. You may be familiar with the ‘‘Got Milk?’’ and ‘‘Pork, the Other White Meat’’ campaigns, the result of commodity checkoff programs. These programs, which are enormously help-ful to individual industries, require congressional approval. H.R. 985, however, is different from previous checkoff programs. The bill mandates transparency and account-ability through many layers of audit-ing and reporting, as well as giving every producer—no matter their size— an equal vote in the referendum. We have incorporated a number of changes to further improve the bill, including an update from CBO that ensures the bill will result in absolutely no cost to taxpayers. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 985, which will have a positive impact in every congressional district. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the author for explaining so clearly what I was not able to explain; that what this bill does is it makes the program fairer for small manufactur-ers. Each one of them has a single vote on the board instead of giving most of the influence to the largest manufac-turers. So that was an important change. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 985, the Con-crete Masonry Products Research, Edu-cation, and Promotion Act, which is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.008 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6126 November 14, 2016 
authored by my good friend and col-league, Representative B
RETT GUTHRIE  of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, this bill is the product of years of hard work by Members from both sides of the aisle. I am so glad to see it come before the House today. This legislation presents a unique op-portunity for the concrete masonry in-dustry to join together for critical re-search and education. Not just that, it also empowers the industry to fairly and effectively promote the sale of their products. It will lead to better consumer awareness, higher quality and safer building materials, and more jobs. The best part is that this legislation comes at no cost to the taxpayer. These zero-cost opportunities that em-power the private sector to come to-gether to do what they do best are just the solutions we need to spur job growth and economic development. I thank Mr. G
UTHRIE for his tireless work on this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support it today. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank the bill sponsors, Representative G
UTHRIE and Rep-resentative C
ASTOR , for working with us to improve this legislation. I am proud to serve as the ranking Democrat on the Commerce, Manufac-turing, and Trade Subcommittee, which Mr. B
URGESS is the chair of. I also want to thank Chairman U
PTON  and Ranking Member P
ALLONE on the full committee and Chairman B
URGESS  who serves with me, as I said, on the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee. This bill is the product of productive negotiations and it reflects the hard work of Members and staff to advance legislation through bipartisan coopera-tion. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 985. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Products Re-search, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015, because this bill makes great strides in promoting and supporting the concrete industry to allow for fair market competition. By passing this legislation, we will reduce research and education costs while ensuring our infrastructure projects benefit from cost-effective market approaches and additional job growth. Our country’s most productive times were reflected in a robust infrastruc-ture development effort that revolu-tionized the way we build things. This bill ensures a forward-leaning approach to concrete masonry while doing so without any Federal funding. It creates an environment that encour-ages members of the industry to work together through a generic education program, training and safety programs, and promotion of the market. This is all done by establishing an assessment rate on each concrete masonry unit sold. I commend my colleagues on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee for their efforts to better the safety and research done in such a vital industry. With this bill, we can move our Nation forward while strengthening our work-force and promoting job growth. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 985, and I commend Congressman GUTHRIE on his hard work and dili-gence. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 985, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
OUTDOOR RECREATION JOBS AND ECONOMIC IMPACT ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4665) to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4665 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Economic Impact Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ASSESSMENT AND ANALYSIS OF OUT-DOOR RECREATION ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT AND ANALYSIS .—The Sec- retary of Commerce shall enter into a joint memorandum with the Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of the Interior to conduct, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Economic Analysis, an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation econ-omy of the United States and the effects at-tributable to such economy on the overall economy of the United States. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the as-sessment required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Commerce may consider employ-ment, sales, and contributions to travel and tourism, and such other contributing compo-nents of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the as-sessment required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Commerce shall consult with— (1) the heads of such agencies and offices of the Federal Government as the Secretary considers appropriate, including the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Secretary of the Interior, the Federal Recreation Council, the Director of the Bureau of the Census, and the Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics; and (2) representatives of businesses, including small business concerns, that engage in com-merce in the outdoor recreation economy of the United States. (d) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the findings of the Secretary with re-spect to the assessment conducted under subsection (a). (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives. (e) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘small business con-cern’’ has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (f) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4665, the Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Economic Impact Act of 2016. The outdoor recreation industry en-compasses activities and sports such as bicycling, camping, hunting, fishing, off-roading, and wildlife viewing, and is enjoyed by consumers of all ages, all ethnicities, all income levels. This industry has become a signifi-cant engine for economic growth and job creation in the United States. De-spite the growing contributions made by the outdoor recreation industry to the United States economy, the indus-try’s full economic impact has not been measured and not accounted for like other economic sectors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.019 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6127 November 14, 2016 
H.R. 4665 would ensure that the out-door recreation economy is measured and is accounted for by the Federal Government as part of the country’s gross domestic product, as it has done for many other economic sectors. The work that is directed to be done by the Department of Commerce, in consultation with other Federal agen-cies, would not require new employees and would use existing funds within that agency. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4665. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 4665, the Outdoor REC Act, rec-ognizes the important contributions of outdoor recreation to our economy. Outdoor recreation provides an esti-mated 6 million direct jobs, including an estimated 200,000 jobs in my home State of Illinois. It promotes travel and tourism. Ultimately, getting Ameri-cans outside to enjoy our Nation’s nat-ural wonders promotes an appreciation for our environment. This bill would build on efforts at the Department of Commerce to under-stand the economic impact of outdoor recreation by directing a report to Con-gress, helping inform policy and indus-try. I want to thank Representatives Beyer, Reichert, Welch, and McMorris Rodgers for their work to advance this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 4665, the Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Eco-nomic Impact Act of 2016. The REC Act would allow for the first ever economic analysis of the out-door recreation industry. Over 140 mil-lion Americans participate in outdoor activities each year, such as biking, hiking, hunting, fishing, and boating, to name just a few. Studies have shown that outdoor recreation is a driving force in our economy and that the industry is con-tinuing to grow. I have seen this first-hand in my district, which is home to 100 miles of coastline and beaches, a large tourism sector, and endless op-portunities to go outside and enjoy our beautiful landscape. Yet, despite the estimated billions in annual consumer spending on outdoor recreation and millions of jobs created, there is a lack of data on the full eco-nomic impact of the industry. For in-stance, there is a large manufacturing component that goes hand in hand with the outdoor recreation industry. Much of the gear and apparel used in outdoor activities is made and sold right here in the United States to the tune of mil-lions of dollars. The REC Act would ensure that this data and the entire outdoor recreation industry is fully studied so that we can make informed policy and business de-cisions. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4665. b1515 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4665 is indeed a bipartisan bill, which my col-leagues Congressman D
AVE REICHERT , Congresswoman C
ATHY MCMORRIS ROD-
GERS , Congressman P ETER WELCH , and I introduced. The bill would direct the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Economic Analysis to measure, analyze, and re-port on the full economic impact at-tributable to the outdoor recreation economy. In the United States, this economy is a major driver of job cre-ation and growth. Hiking, biking, fish-ing, hunting, kayaking, climbing, BASE jumping, you name the outdoor sport, it is generating revenue for our country. In northern Virginia, we are blessed with great outdoor opportunities like the W&OD Trail and the Mount Vernon Trail, and we are very excited by the recent development of the Capital Trails Coalition, which is looking at how to foster increased interconnected-ness of all the trails in the national capital region. Mr. Speaker, as an avid hiker, this is very personal to me. I am now at 1,435 miles out of the 2,189 miles of the Ap-palachian Trail, and over those 1,435 miles, I often experience the outdoor economy firsthand with the number of backpacks, sleeping bags, stoves, water filters, diners, small motels, the many, many ways we find to spend money while on the trail. Beyond the recharge of just being outside, I love getting to know the small towns and the forest commu-nities along my hikes from Georgia to Maine. I know that my time spent there puts a lot more tax dollars back into these communities and into the local businesses, boosting the economy. According to an estimate by the Out-door Industry Association, the outdoor recreation economy generates more than $646 billion in consumer spending and, we have already heard, more than 6 million jobs. Unlike other major sec-tions of the U.S. economy, however, the Federal Government, until this year, did not track the contributions of the outdoor recreation sector to eco-nomic growth, and that left policy-makers and business leaders in the dark. This data is going to help quan-tify the economic importance of out-door recreation and help inform the de-cisions that affect the businesses and the 142 million Americans who play and work outside each year. We deeply believe that no child should be left inside, and H.R. 4665 will ensure that our policymakers, our deci-sionmakers have the data to under-stand how we can best make this part of our economy flourish. I encourage my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan bill. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) for his over 1,000 miles traveled on the trail, so he is clearly an expert on this topic. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4665, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IMPROVING RURAL CALL QUALITY AND RELIABILITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2566) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to pre-vent unjust or unreasonable discrimi-nation among areas of the United States in the delivery of such commu-nications, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2566 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ENSURING THE INTEGRITY OF VOICE COMMUNICATIONS. 
Part II of title II of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 251 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 262. ENSURING THE INTEGRITY OF VOICE COMMUNICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R EGISTRATION AND COMPLIANCE BY IN-
TERMEDIATE PROVIDERS .—An intermediate pro-vider that offers or holds itself out as offering the capability to transmit covered voice commu-nications from one destination to another and that charges any rate to any other entity (in-cluding an affiliated entity) for the transmission shall— ‘‘(1) register with the Commission; and ‘‘(2) comply with the service quality standards for such transmission to be established by the Commission under subsection (c)(1)(B). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED USE OF REGISTERED INTER-
MEDIATE PROVIDERS .—A covered provider may not use an intermediate provider to transmit covered voice communications unless such inter-mediate provider is registered under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) C
OMMISSION RULES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) R
EGISTRY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Com-mission shall promulgate rules to establish a registry to record registrations under subsection (a)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.021 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6128 November 14, 2016 
‘‘(B) S ERVICE QUALITY STANDARDS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall promulgate rules to establish service quality standards for the transmission of covered voice communications by intermediate providers. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In promulgating the rules required by paragraph (1), the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) ensure the integrity of the transmission of covered voice communications to all cus-tomers in the United States; and ‘‘(B) prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimi-nation among areas of the United States in the delivery of covered voice communications. ‘‘(d) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REGISTRY .—The Commission shall make the registry established under subsection (c)(1)(A) publicly available on the website of the Commission. ‘‘(e) S
COPE OF APPLICATION .—The require-ments of this section shall apply regardless of the format by which any communication or service is provided, the protocol or format by which the transmission of such communication or service is achieved, or the regulatory classi-fication of such communication or service. ‘‘(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the regu-latory classification of any communication or service. ‘‘(g) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt or ex-pand the authority of a State public utility com-mission or other relevant State agency to collect data, or investigate and enforce State law and regulations, regarding the completion of intra-state voice communications, regardless of the format by which any communication or service is provided, the protocol or format by which the transmission of such communication or service is achieved, or the regulatory classification of such communication or service. ‘‘(h) E
XCEPTION .—The requirement under sub-section (a)(2) to comply with the service quality standards established under subsection (c)(1)(B) shall not apply to a covered provider that— ‘‘(1) on or before the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, has cer-tified as a Safe Harbor provider under section 64.2107(a) of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation; and ‘‘(2) continues to meet the requirements under such section 64.2107(a). ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED PROVIDER .—The term ‘covered provider’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 64.2101 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED VOICE COMMUNICATION .—The term ‘covered voice communication’ means a voice communication (including any related sig-naling information) that is generated— ‘‘(A) from the placement of a call from a con-nection using a North American Numbering Plan resource or a call placed to a connection using such a numbering resource; and ‘‘(B) through any service provided by a cov-ered provider. ‘‘(3) I
NTERMEDIATE PROVIDER .—The term ‘in-termediate provider’ means any entity that— ‘‘(A) enters into a business arrangement with a covered provider or other intermediate pro-vider for the specific purpose of carrying, rout-ing, or transmitting voice traffic that is gen-erated from the placement of a call placed— ‘‘(i) from an end user connection using a North American Numbering Plan resource; or ‘‘(ii) to an end user connection using such a numbering resource; and ‘‘(B) does not itself, either directly or in con-junction with an affiliate, serve as a covered provider in the context of originating or termi-nating a given call.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to rise today in support of H.R. 2566, the Im-proving Rural Call Quality and Reli-ability Act of 2016. This bill addresses a serious problem that impacts so many of our rural constituents: telephone calls that are not completed or, if they are, they are of poor quality. The Committee on Energy and Com-merce has spent a great deal of time over the past 5 years looking to the fu-ture of technology, all the great and innovative things it will bring, all the ways in which it will change lives. While these new and exciting offerings are an important piece of the future, we can’t ignore the very real techno-logical problems that exist today. As we talk about 5G service and the Inter-net of Everything, let’s not forget that for some folks the big technological ad-vancement they are hoping for is to be actually able to receive all of their voice calls. The problem for rural customers comes when someone tries to call them but something goes wrong. Somewhere in the handoff and the delivery of traf-fic, calls to rural customers are being dropped or degraded. The caller con-tinues to hear ringing on their end, but the call never makes it to the intended recipient. As our witnesses told us dur-ing the committee’s consideration of the bill, this isn’t just an inconven-ience for them—it results in lost busi-ness or much worse. The simplest explanation for what happens is that the long-distance and voice traffic starts with one provider, who then hands off the call to a third- party router, who will ultimately de-liver it to the end provider serving the person who is being called. This process is typically seamless, typically high quality, and is typically transparent to the American consumer. However, in rural and hard-to-serve areas, it can be expensive to move traffic to remote customers, so the provider who origi-nates the call will look for the least ex-pensive option for delivering the call. In some cases, these least-cost routers simply cut corners to offer the lowest prices, which means that the call can be low quality or not connected at all. This is a national problem affecting all of our constituents. So many of my colleagues shared letters that they re-ceived or stories that their constitu-ents shared about how call failure or poor call quality has impacted their businesses or their lives. One of our witnesses operated a tele-phone company that serves rural cus-tomers in Ohio, and he has told us that he has lost customers over call comple-tion issues. When his customers don’t receive their calls, they get angry with him, even though he typically doesn’t have any control over the path that the call must take to get to the network. In fact, he has made major network up-grades to improve his service to his customers, but when his customers miss a call, who do they contact? Not the least-cost router who abandoned the call traffic somewhere along the line. They call the provider or they find a new provider. In his case, he has lost a major business client because of call completion issues despite the fact he had not done anything wrong. The committee also heard from a witness who discussed another very real consequence of a call not going through. When a family tries to reach relatives in a rural area, particularly elderly relatives, they are unable to do so because the calls aren’t completed. Understandably, this causes serious concern to the callers, who often turn to the local police department for help. As a result, the police must take time out of their day to check on the in-tended call recipient, who is typically fine other than the fact that their phone service is failing them. Today we consider the legislation au-thored by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). We have an opportunity to make a significant step forward in the fight to ensure that rural cus-tomers get the same high-quality voice service that others simply take for granted. By requiring the network pro-viders in the middle to adhere to serv-ice standards, we also greatly improve the likelihood that calls are delivered to where they are supposed to go. By requiring these intermediate providers to register with the Federal Commu-nications Commission, we deter fraudu-lent and bad actors that abuse the sys-tem and drop or degrade calls. I was very pleased to hear of the strong bipartisan support for this measure, and I am optimistic we can make a big difference in the way rural consumers receive their telephone calls. I do want to thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for his work on behalf of his constituents and the rural consumers across the country. Reliable access to communications networks is a cornerstone of our tele-communications policy, and this bill takes steps to ensure that every person gets their telephone calls completed. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I also rise to support H.R. 2566, the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reli-ability Act of 2016, a bipartisan piece of legislation introduced by Representa-tive D
AVID YOUNG and cosponsored by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.010 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6129 November 14, 2016 
host of people, including members of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, Representatives W
ELCH and L
OEBSACK . This bill has a basic goal: ensuring that all Americans’ phone calls go through. Several years ago, the Federal Com-munications Commission found that telephone customers were having sig-nificant problems with call completion in rural areas. Consumers were report-ing false busy signals, calls not arriv-ing, or long pauses after dialing the number. This matters not just for rural Americans, but also for people like my constituents in the Chicago area who want to reach loved ones across the country. We need reliable telephone service to keep us all connected. Call completions are often related to intermediate providers, the middleman hired to route calls. H.R. 2566 requires intermediate providers to register with the FCC and comply with service qual-ity standards. This is a very important step to make sure that we can stay connected to one another. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the principal author of the bill. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in support of the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act I intro-duced in a bipartisan manner with my colleague from Vermont, Representa-tive P
ETER WELCH . Each month as I meet with Iowans in each of the 16 counties making up the great Third District of Iowa, I hear how rural America is struggling. The recent economic downturn has led to people leaving rural areas to seek op-portunities elsewhere. In my home State of Iowa, rural com-munities are working to reverse these trends by attracting new businesses and amenities and opportunities for their residents. Now, communication is key to any business’ success in reach-ing customers; yet in our rural commu-nities across America, calls are not getting through or the connection and the quality are poor. Telephone companies often rely on intermediate providers to route calls from large networks to local service providers, sometimes to mixed results. But dropped, looped, poor-quality calls do not just hurt small businesses and consumers; they also hurt our families in need of emergency assistance and public services. Mr. Speaker, a family facing an emergency must be able to trust they will be able to reach assistance no mat-ter where they live. Improving rural call completion rates and quality is es-sential to ensuring families in rural America have access to the services and amenities offered in large urban areas. These services are important to ensuring the survival of small towns and granting Americans the choice to live and thrive in whatever community is best for them and their family—rural or urban. H.R. 2566, the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act, would help fix this significant problem facing rural America from dropped, poor-qual-ity calls. The bill requires providers to register with the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission, in order to meet quality standards that ensure reliable phone service in rural areas. It also prohibits providers from using intermediary routing services not reg-istered with the Federal Communica-tions Commission. By addressing these problems, Con-gress can help provide Iowans and oth-ers and all Americans in rural commu-nities with reliable phone service to conduct business, respond to emer-gencies, and live their lives. I thank Chairman UPTON , Ranking Member P
ALLONE , and the Sub-committee on Communications and Technology Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member E
SHOO for their at-tention to this important matter. Again, I want to thank my colleague from Vermont, Representative P
ETER  W
ELCH , for his bipartisan leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bill to help our citizens living in rural America. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 2566, the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2016, because it ad-dresses an issue I hear about fre-quently: call quality in rural areas. b1530 As the Representative for the First District of Georgia, I know the chal-lenges that people living in rural areas face when it comes to the quality of their phone calls. With telecommunications infrastruc-ture being focused in larger and more urban areas, people living in rural parts of the country are often forced to deal with spotty and inconsistent serv-ice. This bill makes great strides in shoring up the communications infra-structure in rural areas and encourages great stability with phone services to people living in those areas. This bill will help those who are un-derserved and will have a positive rip-ple effect on everything from public services and public safety. Call comple-tion in rural areas has been an issue for years, and with this legislation, the FCC is giving a clear message that we can and will do more for a large popu-lation of the United States. I applaud Chairman U
PTON , Chair-man W
ALDEN , and the rest of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee for their continued dedication in shoring up America’s telecommunications needs in a positive and growth-oriented manner. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2566, and I commend my good friend, Congressman YOUNG , for his work on this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the au-thors of this bill for bringing it for-ward. It is an important concept and one that deserves our attention. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2566, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANTI-SPOOFING ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2669) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of inac-curate caller identification informa-tion, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2669 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Anti-Spoofing Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SPOOFING PREVENTION. 
(a) E XPANDING AND CLARIFYING PROHIBITION  
ONMISLEADING OR INACCURATE CALLER IDENTI -
FICATION INFORMATION .— (1) C
OMMUNICATIONS FROM OUTSIDE THE  
UNITED STATES .—Section 227(e)(1) of the Com-munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘in connection with any telecommunications service or IP-enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘or any person outside the United States if the recipient is within the United States, in connection with any voice service or text messaging service’’. (2) C
OVERAGE OF TEXT MESSAGES AND VOICE  
SERVICES .—Section 227(e)(8) of the Communica-tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(8)) is amend-ed— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tele-communications service or IP-enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘voice service or a text message sent using a text messaging service’’; (B) in the first sentence of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘telecommunications service or IP- enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘voice serv-ice or a text message sent using a text messaging service’’; and (C) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) T
EXT MESSAGE .—The term ‘text mes-sage’— ‘‘(i) means a message consisting of text, im-ages, sounds, or other information that is trans-mitted to or from a device that is identified as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.024 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6130 November 14, 2016 
the receiving or transmitting device by means of a 10-digit telephone number or N11 service code; ‘‘(ii) includes a short message service (com-monly referred to as ‘SMS’) message and a multimedia message service (commonly referred to as ‘MMS’) message; and ‘‘(iii) does not include— ‘‘(I) a real-time, 2-way voice or video commu-nication; or ‘‘(II) a message sent over an IP-enabled mes-saging service to another user of the same mes-saging service, except a message described in clause (ii). ‘‘(D) T
EXT MESSAGING SERVICE .—The term ‘text messaging service’ means a service that en-ables the transmission or receipt of a text mes-sage, including a service provided as part of or in connection with a voice service. ‘‘(E) V
OICE SERVICE .—The term ‘voice serv-ice’— ‘‘(i) means any service that is interconnected with the public switched telephone network and that furnishes voice communications to an end user using resources from the North American Numbering Plan or any successor to the North American Numbering Plan adopted by the Com-mission under section 251(e)(1); and ‘‘(ii) includes transmissions from a telephone facsimile machine, computer, or other device to a telephone facsimile machine.’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 227(e) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)) is amended in the heading by inserting ‘‘M
ISLEADING OR ’’ before ‘‘I NACCURATE ’’. (4) R
EGULATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 227(e)(3)(A) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of the Truth in Caller ID Act of 2009, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission’’. (B) D
EADLINE .—The Commission shall pre-scribe regulations to implement the amendments made by this subsection not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date that is 6 months after the date on which the Commission prescribes regulations under para-graph (4). (b) C
ONSUMER EDUCATION MATERIALS ON HOW 
TOAVOID SCAMS THATRELYUPONMISLEADING  
ORINACCURATE CALLER IDENTIFICATION INFOR -
MATION .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT OF MATERIALS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission, in coordination with the Federal Trade Commission, shall develop con-sumer education materials that provide informa-tion about— (A) ways for consumers to identify scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information; and (B) existing technologies, if any, that a con-sumer can use to protect against such scams and other fraudulent activity. (2) C
ONTENTS .—In developing the consumer education materials under paragraph (1), the Commission shall— (A) identify existing technologies, if any, that can help consumers guard themselves against scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information, including— (i) descriptions of how a consumer can use the technologies to protect against such scams and other fraudulent activity; and (ii) details on how consumers can access and use the technologies; and (B) provide other information that may help consumers identify and avoid scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inaccurate caller identification in-formation. (3) U
PDATES .—The Commission shall ensure that the consumer education materials required under paragraph (1) are updated on a regular basis. (4) WEBSITE .—The Commission shall include the consumer education materials developed under paragraph (1) on its website. (c) GAO R
EPORT ON COMBATING THE FRAUDU -
LENT PROVISION OF MISLEADING OR INACCURATE  C
ALLER IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the actions the Commission and the Federal Trade Commission have taken to combat the fraudu-lent provision of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information, and the additional measures that could be taken to combat such ac-tivity. (2) R
EQUIRED CONSIDERATIONS .—In con- ducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall examine— (A) trends in the types of scams that rely on misleading or inaccurate caller identification in-formation; (B) previous and current enforcement actions by the Commission and the Federal Trade Com-mission to combat the practices prohibited by section 227(e)(1) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(1)); (C) current efforts by industry groups and other entities to develop technical standards to deter or prevent the fraudulent provision of mis-leading or inaccurate caller identification infor-mation, and how such standards may help com-bat the current and future provision of mis-leading or inaccurate caller identification infor-mation; and (D) whether there are additional actions the Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, and Congress should take to combat the fraudulent provision of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a re-port on the findings of the study under para-graph (1), including any recommendations re-garding combating the fraudulent provision of misleading or inaccurate caller identification in-formation. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this sec-tion, shall be construed to modify, limit, or oth-erwise affect any rule or order adopted by the Commission in connection with— (1) the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–243; 105 Stat. 2394) or the amendments made by that Act; or (2) the CAN–SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.). (e) C
OMMISSION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Commu-nications Commission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2669, the Anti-Spoofing Act of 2016. This bill prohibits the malicious use of misleading or inaccurate caller ID information for text messages, address-ing the problem of consumers being tricked into providing sensitive infor-mation because they are led to believe that a text is being sent from someone it actually isn’t. This is more than a nuisance. Consumers can be targeted with scams, and they can be targeted with malicious activity. The bill seeks to extend the protec-tions of the Truth in Caller ID Act to include text messages. This is the sec-ond time that this committee has looked at this legislation that will pro-vide additional protection for con-sumers, and I am hopeful that this time we will see it successfully land on the President’s desk. As widespread use of text messaging becomes more prevalent, it is impor-tant that we ensure consumers do not fall victim to spoofing attacks where bad actors falsify phone numbers, often to trick the recipient into providing personal information. Over the last two Congresses, we have spent a lot of time considering antispoofing legislation. This is, in part, because of the importance of this bill to consumers and the way it im-pacts them, but also because of the complexity of the issue that we are trying to address. As technology is evolving, it becomes more and more challenging to precisely craft legislation that accurately re-flects the way that the technology works. To that end, the committee has worked diligently to come up with lan-guage that strengthens this bill and protects consumers without any unin-tended consequences for messaging services. One witness at the legislative hear-ing on this bill earlier this year per-haps explained this effort best by say-ing: The bill addresses a clear, demonstrated problem with carefully drafted provisions that find the often elusive sweet spot be-tween permitting innovation, avoiding undue burden on providers, respecting privacy con-cerns, and providing for vigorous consumer protection. 
I want to thank the bill’s sponsors, Representative J
OEBARTON , Represent-ative L
EONARD LANCE , and Representa-tive G
RACE MENG for being the cham-pion of consumers and staying the course through multiple Congresses to get this done. I thank the minority for working so closely with us on this bill, and I am confident that we now have a bill that will ensure this legislation captures the state of technology while still pro-tecting consumers from the harmful ef-fects of text message spoofing. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2669, the Anti-Spoofing Act, introduced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.011 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6131 November 14, 2016 
by Representative M ENG, along with Representative B
ARTON of Texas and Representative L
ANCE of New Jersey. Consumers should have confidence that the caller ID information they see is accurate. However, fraudsters have long targeted consumers, falsifying caller ID numbers to trick consumers into divulging sensitive information. Americans, from young people to sen-ior citizens, are tricked into thinking they are being connected to a trusted institution because of what the caller ID shows. This practice, known as spoofing, contributes to the millions of identity theft cases in our country each year. It is already illegal to use misleading caller ID information for regular voice calls. What this legislation does is ex-pand the ban on deceptive caller ID in-formation to text messages and com-munication originating overseas. I urge my colleagues to stand up for consumers and strengthen spoofing protection. It is time to pass the Anti- Spoofing Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, my thanks to Chairman B
URGESS and Ranking Member S
CHAKOWSKY for shepherding this bill through the subcommittee. This is an important bill to the con-sumers of this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2669, the Anti-Spoofing Act, which I am proud to offer with my col-leagues G
RACE MENG, a Democratic Member from the great Borough of Queens in New York State, and J
OE B
ARTON , Republican of Texas, the chairman emeritus of the full House Energy and Commerce Committee. This bill cracks down on the national problem of caller ID spoofing. Caller ID spoofing occurs when a scammer calls and attempts to disguise his or her identity by manipulating the recipient caller’s caller ID display. The scammer may be posing as an IRS agent, a police officer, or a representa-tive from another governmental agen-cy. After tricking people into picking up the line, the criminal then attempts to entice the other person into sharing personal information. To date, hun-dreds of thousands—might I suggest millions—have been defrauded, includ-ing veterans, immigrants, and senior citizens. In Somerset County, New Jersey, a county in which I represent the major-ity of the residents, scammers cloned the phone number of the Somerset County Sheriff’s Office and imperson-ated the sheriff’s staff in an effort to steal residents’ personal information. I pay tribute to Sheriff Provenzano of Somerset County, New Jersey. He has been one of the leading advocates across the Nation regarding this legis-lation. The problem has gotten out of con-trol. Millions of Americans continue to get ripped off by con artists and scammers who perpetrate this des-picable crime. This disgraceful practice must end, and this consumer protec-tion legislation goes a long way toward accomplishing that critical goal. The audacity of these criminals is eclipsed only by their ability to adapt to changing technologies. Unfortu-nately, since Congress passed the Truth in Caller ID Act in 2009—of course, all of us supported that—new technologies have enabled these crimi-nals to scam consumers with increased ease and efficiency. This legislation is one step forward to ensure that govern-mental policies keep up with new tech-nologies and keep up with these crimi-nals. In the last 2 years since this legisla-tion passed the House of Representa-tives unanimously, it appears that the problem has gone from one of a simple nuisance to a borderline epidemic. It is time to stop this disgraceful practice, and this legislation is aimed to do that. I believe it is a critical goal. The committee on which we all serve, the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. Speaker, is the most productive in the House of Representatives. More legislation reaches the floor of this House from the Energy and Commerce Committee than any other committee in the House of Representatives, and more legislation reaches the Presi-dent’s desk from our committee than any other committee in either House of the Federal Congress. We on the committee, and certainly on the subcommittee chaired by Dr. BURGESS , work in a bipartisan capac-ity. And I am so proud of this sub-committee and of the full committee. The American people want us to work together on the critical issues that confront the Nation, including the issue we are discussing now: ID spoof-ing. That is why I predict that this leg-islation will pass unanimously here and why I predict that this legislation will reach the President’s desk 2.2 miles west down Pennsylvania Avenue. I want to thank those in the adminis-tration who support this legislation. I want to thank all of the members of the subcommittee and all of the mem-bers of the full Energy and Commerce Committee. I am confident that this legislation is in the best interest of the consuming public of the United States. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from the great State of New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) for his leader-ship on this important consumer pro-tection legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 2669, the Anti-Spoofing Act of 2016, because it addresses the issue of call spoofing and the impact that these deceitful callers are having on Americans. Every day, millions of Americans are hit with calls using a fraudulent caller ID profile and with impersonators on the other end of the line. These con artists disguise their real numbers in an effort to convince unsuspecting vic-tims that they are a representative from a government agency, financial company, healthcare system, or other organizations that may request infor-mation or contact someone. For example, a common call is some-one saying they are calling from the IRS and are seeking personally identi-fiable information or money as a result of it. This has got to stop. Representatives MENG, BARTON , and L
ANCE have introduced this legislation to improve the Truth in Caller ID Act and to prevent those criminals from further victimizing hardworking Amer-icans. We have a real opportunity to combat this growing tactic and protect those in our communities who are the most vulnerable. I applaud the Energy and Commerce Committee for their continued efforts to protect Americans from criminal be-havior and in updating such important policy measures. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2669 because we have an opportunity to fix a growing problem in our country. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that we are considering this today, and I hope the Senate will quickly do that for this important consumer protection legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, you have heard the tes-timony from a number of Members tes-tifying on this bill. It is important work. It is important that it get done. It is important that it get completed and down to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, we have done a number of bills this afternoon, and I do want to just thank the Energy and Commerce Committee both on the minority and majority side and all of the sub-committee staff that were involved in preparing these bills and getting them ready for this afternoon’s consider-ation. It has indeed been an impressive body of work that has come through the Energy and Commerce Committee today. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill we have before us. I urge Members to vote ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2669, the ‘‘Anti-Spoof-ing Act of 2015’’. I am honored to have authored this bill with Congressman B
ARTON and Congressman L
ANCE , and thank Amy Murphy and Ryan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.028 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6132 November 14, 2016 
Farrell of their respective staffs for working so closely with mine—particularly my former Leg-islative Director, Michael Fleischman, who first brought this problem to my attention. This legislation seeks to combat ‘‘spoofing’’, which is when phone call recipients are tricked into answering the phone due to inaccurate caller ID information. Criminals have used this technique to scam thousands of Americans, and steal millions of dollars. Recent spoofing attempts have included scam artists pre-tending to be sheriff’s offices, hospitals, and even the IRS. The bill before us this evening expands spoofing protections to calls that originate outside of the country, as well as text messages. It is often stated that a measure of a society is how it treats its most vulnerable. Almost every day, I receive new reports of spoofing that harm the most vulnerable in my district, including immigrants, seniors, veterans, and those in need of help from law enforcement. That is why this legislation is endorsed by senior citizen, law enforcement, and consumer protection groups. The ‘‘Anti-Spoofing Act of 2015’’ is a bipar-tisan bill. It passed the Energy and Commerce Committee by voice vote less than two months ago, and in the 113th Congress H.R. 3670, the ‘‘Anti-Spoofing Act of 2014’’ passed the House by voice vote under suspension of the rules. It is my hope that this bill will continue to be non-controversial, and that we will do everything in our power to combat telephone scams against our constituents. In closing, I wish to thank Representatives B
URGESS and S CHAKOWSKY for their support this afternoon, as well as Energy and Com-merce Chairman U
PTON and Ranking Member P
ALLONE . Without their support, as well as the support of Communications and Technology Subcommittee Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member E
SHOO , we would not be here today. I urge the Senate to quickly take up this legis-lation, and I urge all of my colleagues in this Chamber to support it once more. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2669, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 45 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 985, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2669, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
CONCRETE MASONRY PRODUCTS RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND PROMOTION ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 985) to enable concrete ma-sonry products manufacturers to estab-lish, finance, and carry out a coordi-nated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete ma-sonry products, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 355, nays 38, not voting 38, as follows: 
[Roll No. 575] YEAS—355 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Nolan Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—38 
Amash Babin Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Calvert Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Culberson Davidson Emmer (MN) Fleming Foxx Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grothman Harris Hill Jones Jordan Labrador Massie McClintock McSally Mulvaney Palmer Paulsen Polis Pompeo Ratcliffe Royce Sanford Sensenbrenner Stutzman Weber (TX) Wenstrup 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6133 November 14, 2016 
NOT VOTING—38 
Blumenauer Bonamici Denham DeSantis Farr Fitzpatrick Forbes Granger Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hultgren Jolly King (NY) Knight Kuster Lipinski McDermott Miller (MI) Moore Newhouse Noem Nugent O’Rourke Peterson Poe (TX) Reed Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Tipton Trott Tsongas Waters, Maxine Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
b1851 Messrs. GARRETT, WEBER of Texas, and BABIN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 9, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from Mr. Scott T. Nago, Chief Election Officer, State of Hawaii, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 8, 2016, the Honorable Colleen Wakako Hanabusa was elected Representative to Congress for the First Congressional District, State of Hawaii. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. 
STATE OF HAWAII , O
FFICE OF ELECTIONS , Pearl City, HI, November 9, 2016. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that the unofficial results of the Special Election held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016, for Rep-resentative in Congress from the First Con-gressional District of Hawaii, show that Col-leen Wakako Hanabusa received 129,041 or 60.5% of the total number of votes cast for that office. Please see enclosed results. It would appear from these unofficial re-sults that Colleen Wakako Hanabusa was elected as Representative in Congress from the First Congressional District in Hawaii, To the best of our knowledge and belief at this time, there is no contest to this elec-tion. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by all counties involved, an of-ficial Certificate of Election will be prepared for transmittal as required by law, Please feel free to contact Kristen Uyeda, Ballot Operations Section Head, if you re-quire additional information or have any fur-ther questions. Very truly yours, S
COTT T. N AGO, Chief Election Officer. COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 10, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from Ms. Mary Sue Helm, Exec-utive Director, Kentucky Office of Elections, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held Novem-ber 8, 2016, the Honorable James Comer was elected Representative to Congress for the First Congressional District, Commonwealth of Kentucky. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. 
COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY , O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE , November 10, 2016. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that the attachment provides a listing by county of the unofficial results of the Special Elec-tion held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016 for U.S. Representative in Congress, 1st Con-gressional District, unexpired term. The time has expired for a recanvassing of the votes cast for the unexpired term for U.S. Representative in Congress, 1st Con-gressional District and no recanvass request was filed with the Office of Secretary of State. As soon as the official results are certified on Tuesday, November 22, 2016 by the KY State Board of Elections, an official Certifi-cate of Election will be prepared for trans-mittal as required by law. Sincerely, M
ARYSUEHELM, Executive Director, Office of Elections. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 9, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from Jonathan Marks, Commis-sioner, Bureau Commissions, Elections and Legislation, Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania, indicating that, according to the pre-liminary results of the Special Election held November 8, 2016, the Honorable Dwight Evans was elected Representative to Con-gress for the Second Congressional District, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, C
LERK . COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA , D
EPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU  C
OMMISSIONS , ELECTIONS AND LEG-
ISLATION , Harrisburg, PA, November 9, 2016. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that the unofficial election night results of the Special Election held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016, for Representative in Congress from the Second Congressional District of Penn-sylvania, show that Dwight Evans received 270,246 or 90.39% of the total number of votes cast for that office. It would appear from these unofficial elec-tion night results that Dwight Evans has been elected as Representative in Congress from the Second Congressional District of Pennsylvania. To the best of our knowledge and belief at this time, there is no contest to this elec-tion. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by all counties involved, an of-ficial Certificate of Election will be prepared for transmittal as required by law. Sincerely J
ONATHAN MARKS , Commissioner. f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE COLLEEN HANABUSA, OF HA-WAII, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentle-woman from Hawaii, the Honorable C
OLLEEN HANABUSA , be permitted to take the oath of office today. Her certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to her election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Hawaii? There was no objection. 
f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE JAMES COMER, OF KENTUCKY, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Kentucky, the Honorable J
AMES COMER , be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ken-tucky? There was no objection. 
f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE DWIGHT EVANS, OF PENNSYL-VANIA, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Penn-sylvania, the Honorable D
WIGHT EVANS , be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.014 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6134 November 14, 2016 
question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
SWEARING IN OF MEMBERS-ELECT The SPEAKER. Will the Representa-tives-elect please present themselves in the well. Ms. HANABUSA of Hawaii, Mr. COMER of Kentucky, and Mr. EVANS of Pennsylvania appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations. You are now Members of the 114th Congress. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE COLLEEN HANABUSA TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to personally congratulate and welcome back to Congress my col-league from Hawaii, C
OLLEEN  H
ANABUSA , as she is sworn in to the 114th Congress today to fill the remain-ing term of our dear friend M
ARK T
AKAI. C
OLLEEN has a decades-long history of service to the people of Hawaii. As a respected labor lawyer, C
OLLEEN was first elected to represent the leeward coast of Oahu in the Hawaii State Sen-ate in 1998, where she served as the chairwoman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, majority leader, and even-tually became the first female Senate president. She was elected to serve Ha-waii’s First Congressional District in 2010, serving in both the 112th and 113th Congress. Most recently, C
OLLEEN served the community in many different capac-ities, including as the board chair-woman for the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation, overseeing the multibillion dollar rail project on the island of Oahu. I had the pleasure of serving with C
OLLEEN during my first term in Con-gress, where we worked together to en-sure Hawaii’s voice was heard here in Washington, and I look forward to con-tinuing that work to address the many important issues that lie before us to serve Hawaii once again. Congratulations, C
OLLEEN , and wel-come back. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ). b1900 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Minority Leader and, of course, my colleague from the Second Congressional District of the wonderful State of Hawaii. Being here today among all of you, many of you welcoming me so warmly, is bittersweet. I am here because our good colleague and friend, Mark Takai, unfortunately, passed just too early. However, before he passed, he asked that I seek the election of my old seat again so that we can continue to do the work for the people of the State of Ha-waii, and it is an honor to be here and to do that. I can’t end without saying I came in 2010, when we were the noble nine. My noble nine colleagues are here. I can’t tell you how important it is for me to see them again. That is what it is all about: everyone in Congress. It is the relationships that we build, and it is the friendships that are there forever and ever. That is what makes this, the people’s House, the greatest institution around. So, as we say in Hawaii, mahalo for this wonderful opportunity to serve with all of you again. Mahalo and aloha. f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE JAMES COMER TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, the Kentucky delegation and I have the distinct honor and great per-sonal pleasure of introducing you to the newest First District Congressman in the U.S. Congress from Kentucky, J
AMIE COMER . J
AMIE, but for the loss in the primary last year in the Governor’s race by 93 votes, would be tonight sitting as the Governor of Kentucky. But their loss is our gain. He is bright. He is com-mitted. He will be a great asset for this body, for the country, and for his home State. J
AMIE started a family farm after college. He served 11 years in the State legislature. He then served statewide as the elected agriculture commis-sioner, where he quickly got a reputa-tion as the mortal enemy of waste, fraud, and abuse, and was a great suc-cess in that role. But his resume only tells you half the story. He has got strong family val-ues. That is obvious because his 9-year- old son, Harlan, and his beautiful daughter are here with him on the floor this evening. In fact, Harlan’s namesake, J
AMIE’s grandfather, was a very close friend of mine. In fact, Har-lan Comer was with us in this very Chamber when President Reagan deliv-ered his final State of the Union ad-dress, and I was proud to call Harlan, Sr., a friend. I am proud to call JAMIE a colleague. He will be a great asset to this body. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Third District of Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ). Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I am very happy to have won the arm wres-tling match among Kentucky Demo-crats to welcome J
AMIE COMER to the House tonight. J
AMIE and I have worked together on a number of issues through the years, and I can say without hesitation that, no matter what the issue is, J
AMIE will work to put Kentucky interests and the interests of his citizens and con-stituents first. So I am proud to wel-come him to the House of Representa-tives and look forward to working with him to move the Commonwealth and the country forward. Welcome, J
AMIE COMER . Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ). The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the dean of the majority party, the minority party, and the great State of Kentucky. I want to begin by recognizing my guests from Kentucky. They are on each side of the gallery here today. I thank them for their support and friendship over the years and for mak-ing the long drive to D.C. tonight. Next, I want to recognize my lovely wife, T.J., in the gallery and my daugh-ter, Aniston. I am also blessed to have my two oldest children, Reagan and Harlan, here today. It is the honor of a lifetime to join membership in this great legislative body, the greatest in the history of the world. Yet, at this particular time that I speak to this historic body, our Na-tion is deeply divided. We need states-men. I pledge to be a statesman who wants to get things done. I will work with any Member of this body to try to accomplish things, espe-cially to create an environment where every American can have access to a good-paying job. I pledge to be a strong voice for rural Kentucky, rural Amer-ica, and family farmers. Thank you so much for this oppor-tunity. I thank the people of the great State of Kentucky. And I believe with all my heart that we can work together and make America great again. Thank you all very much. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE DWIGHT EVANS TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I would invite all of the Pennsylvania delegation to come forward. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to wel-come our newest colleague. D
WIGHT  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.037 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6135 November 14, 2016 
EVANS is a lifelong resident of Phila-delphia, and he comes to the House after decades of service to his commu-nity and the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania. After graduating from La Salle Uni-versity, he taught school and worked as a community activist before he was elected to the Pennsylvania State Leg-islature in 1980. He has represented the 203rd legislative district in Pennsylva-nia’s House of Representatives for the last 36 years and was chairman of the Appropriations Committee in that body. Representative E
VANS has worked successfully to redevelop and revitalize neighborhoods in Philadelphia. He has worked tirelessly to fight hunger, in-crease public investments in education, improve public safety, and promote economic development across Pennsyl-vania. I am pleased to welcome such a dedi-cated public servant to this legislative body. I look forward to working with him and our colleagues in the Pennsyl-vania delegation to serve the Common-wealth in this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS), my good friend who is the dean of the Pennsylvania Republican delegation. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to congratulate and welcome my good friend, D
WIGHT EVANS , to the floor of the House. Before I served here in Congress for the last 20 years, I served in the state-house of Pennsylvania for 24 years. In the last 8 years of my service in the Pennsylvania Legislature, I was the ap-propriations chairman. All 8 of those years, D
WIGHT EVANS was my ranking member. I served with him and worked with him very well. We worked in a bi-partisan manner to accomplish a lot of things. And so this is a little bittersweet for me. I won’t get to serve with D
WIGHT  here in Congress. I will miss that. I am sorry about that. I am sure he will be a good voice, an eloquent voice for the people of Philadelphia, and will be someone who will want to work in a bi-partisan manner concerning the issues that face our country. With that, I am very pleased to yield to the gentleman from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank my colleagues from the Pennsylvania delegation, and I want to thank the leader, Congressman D
OYLE , as well as my good friend, Chairman P
ITTS. As I am prepared to take this con-gressional seat, I want to share with you one overriding sentiment that has held true for me in the course of work-ing with six mayors, seven Governors, and eleven State House speakers and the ever-changing cast of elected offi-cials. The best work that we did, we did to-gether. In each case, the people won. I understand our differences. I am not naive. But I know that when we put aside those differences, when we listen to each other, we make great strides. The stakes are often high in a democ-racy, and it demands robust debate. And the fact of the matter is that we must work together. I understand that, before any party or State, we are Americans first. Democracy demands that we commit to listening to one another, even on days when we want to shout over each other. Democracy demands we don’t win as individuals or as a party. It de-mands that we win as the people. I am humbled that the voters in the Second Congressional District have elected me to this seat. I pledge to re-mind myself each day that it belongs to the people. I believe that, by keep-ing this in mind, the people will win. This is really an honor, and I say to all of you that this is an absolute pleasure. I have told people that, al-though I may be new to this process, I am not new to working together. As you just heard from Mr. DOYLE  and Mr. P
ITTS, in the 36 years that I was in the legislature, I worked with everyone. At the end of the day, I tried to make a difference. I want to come here and do the same thing. Believe it. I want to be on the people’s side. Thank you very much. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath to the gentlewoman from Hawaii and the gentlemen from Kentucky and Pennsylvania, the whole number of the House is 435. 
f 
ANTI-SPOOFING ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2669) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 5, not voting 47, as follows: 
[Roll No. 576] YEAS—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Nolan Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.039 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6136 November 14, 2016 
Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—5 
Amash Gohmert Jordan Labrador Massie 
NOT VOTING—47 
Blumenauer Bonamici Capuano Cohen Denham DeSantis Farr Fitzpatrick Forbes Granger Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hultgren Israel Jolly Jones Keating King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Lipinski McDermott Miller (MI) Moore Newhouse Noem Nugent O’Rourke Pelosi Peterson Poe (TX) Ribble Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Torres Trott Tsongas Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) 
b1920 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of misleading or inaccurate caller identi-fication information, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Monday, November 14, 2016. I would like the record to show that, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 575 and 576. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5711, PROHIBITING THE SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHORIZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PASSENGER AIR-CRAFT TO IRAN; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5982, MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT OF 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PE-RIOD FROM NOVEMBER 18, 2016, THROUGH NOVEMBER 28, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–818) on the resolution (H. Res. 921) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5711) to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in con-nection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc con-sideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from November 18, 2016, through November 28, 2016, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
PERMISSION TO DISPENSE WITH MORNING-HOUR DEBATE ON TO-MORROW Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 5, 2016, regarding morning-hour debate not apply tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING MITCHELL KAPLAN (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight in recognition of Mitchell Kaplan, a gentleman who has contrib-uted so much to our south Florida community. Born in Miami, Mitch began his ca-reer as a high school English teacher. He went on to open Books & Books, an extraordinary bookstore located in my congressional district that has now ex-panded throughout south Florida and even the Cayman Islands. As time passed, Mitch organized many community events and local book fairs, growing larger and larger by the year. Miami Dade College President Eduardo Padron worked with Mitch to create the Miami Book Fair Inter-national, a world-renowned book fair that is taking place right now in my congressional district in downtown Miami. Mr. Speaker, Mitch Kaplan is an in-spiration to Floridians and for people across the Nation. Thank you, Mitch, for your tireless work and dedication to all of us book lovers everywhere. 
f 
MANY AMERICANS ARE UNDER CLOUD OF FEAR AND ANXIETY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, many Americans woke up today and after the elections under a cloud of fear and anx-iety. There are children who, for per-haps the first time in their lives, are wondering if this country welcomes and respects them. I rise today to remind my colleagues, the incoming administration, and the American people that millions of our veterans and servicemembers have made incredible sacrifices in defense of a single powerful idea: no matter where you come from, what you believe, or who you love, you deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. On Veterans Day, we expressed our enduring gratitude to those men and women—Latinos and Muslims, Chris-tians and Jews, African Americans and all others—who put on the uniform to defend that idea. But our words are not enough. We must honor their service by protecting the rights and freedoms of every American, and we must keep our pledge to promote liberty and jus-tice for all. Thank you again to all our veterans. We will honor your service. f 
VETERANS DAY 2016 (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend our Na-tion celebrated Veterans Day, a day to recognize and thank those who self-lessly serve in the face of danger to protect our Nation and our way of life. Throughout history, beginning with the Revolutionary War, our veterans have earned and protected the freedom which we often take for granted. Originally established as Armistice Day in 1919, November 11 was renamed Veterans Day in 1954 in order to in-clude the many Americans who honor-ably served during World War II and in Korea. Today, we continue that tradition and honor the dedication, the service, and the sacrifices that our veterans made in World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and, more recently, in Iraq and Afghanistan. Our soldiers, sailors, marines, air-men, and Coast Guard will continue this legacy of service to protect our country, and they deserve our utmost respect. God bless our veterans, and thank you for your service. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF DEPUTY JACK HOPKINS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as the House reconvenes and gets back to business, we are reminded that public safety is a 24-hour business. I rise tonight, sadly, in memoriam of Deputy Jack Hopkins of Modoc County 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.018 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6137 November 14, 2016 
in northeastern California. He was killed in the line of duty while respond-ing to an early morning call. When I heard of this tragic killing, I was stunned for many reasons, part of which, Modoc County is a very quiet, rural place, about as far as you can go in California and still be in California. It just doesn’t seem like the place to keep adding to the story of our officers being killed in the line of duty all over this country. Deputy Hopkins began working with the Sheriff’s Office in 2015, and pre-viously had worked for the Alturas Po-lice Department in Modoc County. He was born in Livermore, California, named after his grandfather, who was the first mayor of Rolling Hills Es-tates. He grew up in Montague, which is in neighboring Siskiyou County, with his five siblings: Samuel, Christina, Aman-da, Josh, and David Cooksey. Also, he is survived by his parents, Lance and Carol; his grandmother, Twila; his wife, Janet; and three children. He attended Butte College, my alma mater, in their Law Enforcement Acad-emy, along with his brother Sam. Hop-kins also earned a black belt in karate and won a world championship title in 2011. He is honored by hundreds of law en-forcement and emergency personnel, local residents, and many, many others who recognized his sacrifice in a pro-cession from Alturas to Reading, and then another one from Reading up to his final resting place in the Yreka area in Siskiyou County. What this points out is that our sher-iffs and our officers in rural areas often patrol hundreds of miles alone, with the closest backup, at times, maybe even being hours away. Indeed, a lot of times they are working alone. In memory of Deputy Jack Hopkins, we need to do much better as a country in supporting them and stop this rhet-oric that is against our officers. God bless him. God bless his fine fam-ily. 
f 
HONORING OUR VETERANS ON VETERANS DAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on Veterans Day, I was pleased to join my many friends and colleagues honoring our veterans, our soldiers, and their families. We stood in front of the Hous-ton City Hall with many, many vet-erans and their families, local elected officials and Members of Congress, United States Senate, and many, many soldiers and veterans. And we simply said thank you, thank you to them for putting on the uniform. A number of us mentioned that it was only days away from a contentious election, and I specifically said how grateful I am that I live in a nation that allows a contentious election but yet to have the right to peacefully transfer power. Let me also take note of some of the seismic changes that we faced in Texas. I am excited about the newly elected officials in Harris County, the new dis-trict attorney, the new sheriff, tax as-sessor, the new judges that will come, all of them elected by the people. To my community, from Dallas to San Antonio, Galveston and Beaumont, with a new sheriff, the first African American woman, I say that this is de-mocracy. In an hour or two, I will dis-cuss some of the elements that under-mined democracy. But I celebrate our soldiers, Mr. Speaker. I honor them for wearing the uniform to give me a sense of freedom and to allow democracy to work. f 
b1930 UNFINISHED BUSINESS: CBC TO REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP—DO YOUR JOB The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
LUM). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentle-woman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add any ex-traneous materials relevant to the sub-ject matter of the discussion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening along with my coanchor of the Congressional Black Caucus’ Spe-cial Order hour, with my classmate and my colleague, Congressman H
AKEEM  J
EFFRIES from the Eighth District of New York. It is an honor for me to stand here and be a coanchor with him. Tonight’s topic, Mr. Speaker, is the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour entitled ‘‘Unfinished Busi-ness: Congressional Black Caucus to Our Republican Leadership—Do Your Job.’’ As the Congressional Black Caucus comes to the House floor this evening as voices to be heard on unfinished con-gressional business, let me pause for a moment first to pay respect to Gwen Ifill, who passed away earlier today. Ms. Ifill, an award-winning television journalist for NBC and PBS, helped pave the way for both women and men and African Americans in the field of journalism. Her voice will be missed. Her voice was a voice that we listened to as members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, today, the House of Representatives returned for the first day of the lameduck session of the 114th Congress. As the conscience of the Congress, the Congressional Black Caucus is committed to advocating for change to policies that adversely im-pact African American communities. Yet, Mr. Speaker, over the past 2 years, the 114th Congress has been highly un-productive, passing one partisan bill after another, which then languishes with no chance of being passed by the Senate or being signed into law by President Obama. In fact, as of Novem-ber 2 of this year, only 244 bills have been signed into law, and only 20 of those bills have been significant pieces of legislation. The American people really deserve more from their elected representa-tives. But the 114th Congress is not over, and we should use the remaining time wisely. The list of legislative items that this House should consider before going home for the year is ro-bust—legislation to fully fund the gov-ernment’s fiscal year 2017 for one. The American people deserve a fully funded government that invests resources in people, reduces poverty, and safeguards the social safety net programs. We are currently operating under a continuing resolution, Mr. Speaker, as you know, through December 9. While the current funding mechanism has been keeping the Federal Government doors open, it fails to fully recognize the importance of investment in pro-grams which would benefit not just a few, but all Americans. In addition to the omnibus, we should bring to the floor legislation providing reform for the criminal jus-tice system, voting rights, and gun vio-lence prevention, just to name a few. You are going to hear from several members of the Congressional Black Caucus who have spent an inordinate amount of time crafting legislation, sitting in their committees, and going back home to their district and making promises that the American people are asking for. Mr. Speaker, we have the oppor-tunity starting today to use the last few weeks of the 114th Congress in a productive way to stand up for the con-stituents and to pass bipartisan legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, how many times have we been in this Chamber and someone in that chair has said that we are going to work together for the good of the country or our constituents? That is what our constituents expect us to do. So let me just briefly take a moment to remind you, Mr. Speaker, why it is so important that we have a fully fund-ed Federal Government and provide funding for critical programs—critical programs—like those that address eth-nic and racial health disparities by im-proving diversity in the healthcare workforce and increasing the number of health professions in underserved communities, for example. Mr. Speaker, we have my colleague and friend who has served as our Con-gressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust chair, Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY , who is with us today and has fought tirelessly for health care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.042 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6138 November 14, 2016 
You are going to hear from her to-night. It is well known that poverty and so-cial economic status and health dis-parities are closely linked and latched together. Many of these gaps are shaped by generations of cultural bi-ases, injustices, and inequality. In the words of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injus-tice in health care is the most shock-ing and inhumane.’’ Mr. Speaker, for years, I have had the honor of serving on the American Heart Association Board where re-searchers have shared the alarming statistics of how African Americans are 30 percent more likely to die of heart disease and 60 percent more like-ly to be diabetic than white Americans. The cost of these types of health dis-parities is simply too high. Estimates indicate that health disparities cost our Nation as much as $300 billion a year, which results in too many Ameri-cans suffering unnecessarily because they do not have access to the care they need. Statistics such as these illustrate the increased need to address healthcare disparities by continued investment in Federal programs such as the Office of Minority Health at the Department of Health and Human Services and the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities at NIH. We cannot shortchange these impor-tant Federal programs by putting them in neutral or on pause, Mr. Speaker. We must enact a fully funded omnibus spending bill for fiscal year 2017 before leaving Washington—a real simple re-quest of doing your job. This has to stop, Mr. Speaker. I am privileged to be joined this evening by so many members of the Congressional Black Caucus. I am joined by my coanchor, as I mentioned, and you will hear from him shortly. At this time, it gives me great pleas-ure to have the privilege of yielding to Congressman G.K. B
UTTERFIELD . He is the Congressional Black Caucus chair from the First District of North Caro-lina. He is someone whose history and past leadership in fighting for justice and against disparities are far too long for me to appropriately say tonight. So, Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield to Congressman G.K. B
UTTERFIELD . Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Let me begin, Mr. Speaker, by thanking the gentle-woman so very much for yielding time tonight. I thank the gentlewoman for her friendship. Most of all, I thank the gentlewoman for her extraordinary leadership here in the Congress. I have been observing the gentlewoman’s work since the first day that she came to this House, and I can tell my col-leagues that she has worked relent-lessly on behalf of the people of the Third Congressional District of Ohio. I thank the gentlewoman for anchoring this Special Order hour tonight. Mr. Speaker, before I get into the other part of my remarks tonight, I just want to digress for a moment to recognize a great American that we lost today. I recognize the life and leg-acy of a dear friend, a friend of the Congressional Black Caucus and a per-sonal friend of mine, Gwen Ifill. She was one of the Nation’s leading jour-nalists, regarded as one of the most prominent African American journal-ists in the country, and indeed a promi-nent journalist among all journalists. Mrs. Ifill began her career in the 1970s during a time when there were very few African Americans and very few females in journalism. Gwen was a trailblazer in her profession. She was a bestselling author and moderator of two vice presidential debates. Gwen Ifill was among the Nation’s finest po-litical correspondents as she was gra-cious and poised when addressing some of the most pressing issues facing our country. Her voice will be missed in the media, but her legacy—her legacy— will continue to have a lasting impact on how we view news broadcasts. We offer our sincere condolences to Ms. Ifill’s family, her friends, her followers, and colleagues all around the world. Mr. Speaker, we are at a crossroads right now in our great country. That is undisputable. But I want my colleagues to know that the Congressional Black Caucus is up for the challenge. The CBC is poised in the 115th Congress to have a record number of 49 Members of Congress. Currently we have 46. Their number will go to 49. The CBC vows to continue to be the voice of our commu-nities, representing more than 30 mil-lion Americans. We will continue to have conversa-tions in all of our communities, and we will zealously represent our constitu-ents. We will stand strong as a caucus. We will stand strong against any Re-publican effort to reverse the progress that we have made over the past few decades. We are facing some tough times ahead, Mr. Speaker, but we are going to continue to be clear on our priorities. We are going to continue to talk em-phatically about promoting economic growth that will create jobs and sta-bility in our communities. We are going to continue to talk about the need—the critical need—for criminal justice reform. We will continue to de-bate and talk about and to legislate on creating educational opportunities and reducing student debt. Don’t you think that we have forgot-ten about the Voting Rights Act. We will continue fighting for the full res-toration of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, this was the first election that we have had without the protection—the full protection at least—of the 1965 Voting Rights Act since it was implemented. Finally, we are going to continue to ensure diver-sity in the corporate arena, the work-force, and even in classrooms. Mr. Speaker, there are peaceful pro-tests taking place in many commu-nities across America. b1945 As I drove into Washington, D.C. this afternoon, I even saw some here in Washington. We understand the pro-tests, we understand the pain, and we understand the pain in all of our com-munities due to the negativity and the division that they have seen over the last 12 months. We say to House Republicans that our communities are reeling with dis-content and you need to understand this discontent. Now is the time to take up legislation that will help to lift those around the country that need us desperately to act. We have unfinished business presently before this Con-gress. Let us act and let us move legis-lation that will help those that need our voices the most. Mr. Speaker, we have the capacity to do this. Congresses in past years have worked in a bipartisan manner, and they have succeeded. We can do the same. We must work together as Demo-crats and Republicans on behalf of the American people. Compromise, Mr. Speaker, is not a bad word. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman BUTTERFIELD not only for his words but for his leadership as our chair of the Congressional Black Cau-cus. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), another member of the Congressional Black Caucus, who stands strong and sure- footed with us as we talk about our un-finished business, a member who has no problem coming to the mic and sharing her intellect and giving us a direction of where we should go. It is, indeed, my honor to yield to Congresswoman S
HEI-
LAJACKSON LEE, a leader on criminal justice reform and judiciary issues, from Texas’ 18th Congressional Dis-trict. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for her leadership and dynamic message she gave this morn-ing when we were discussing in the dis-trict and the area of our colleague Con-gressman H
ANK JOHNSON and J OHN L
EWIS the issue of economic empower-ment and economic empowerment as it relates to women, and particularly women of color. Let me thank the gen-tlewoman for that, and as well for lead-ing today, along with Mr. H
AKEEM  J
EFFRIES of New York, this very impor-tant Special Order of unfinished busi-ness. Let me say that all of us, and you will hear certainly this repetitive re-frain, have been challenged in this last election. Now, let me be very clear for those of our colleagues who may be lis-tening or those who may be hearing, I am by no means whining. What I do speak to, of course, however, is, and will be over a period of time, whether or not there were fractures in the Democratic process that were driven not by candidates, for candidates can say and do, as much as you may be of-fended by them saying or doing, but whether or not there were actually sys-tems that undermined the voting proc-ess. Starting first, of course, with the Supreme Court’s extinguishing of sec-tion 5 of the Voting Rights Act and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6139 November 14, 2016 
long, how should I say, journey of members of the Congressional Black Caucus and the Democratic Caucus and others of goodwill to restore section 5 or, in essence, a fix to section 5, and the long period of time that we had, Congresswoman B
EATTY , to fix it, but it never got fixed before the election, which means that there are a number of jurisdictions that face a high moun-tain of trying to be able to vote. People were purged off of lists in a number of States. Individuals, unfortunately, had challenges with respect to what local officials may have been doing. We will get all of this out in the wash, but we would have been much better off if we had section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. In my own jurisdic-tion, even though it ultimately was fixed under the auspices of they were not ADA compliant, we consolidated and closed a lot of precincts that we had to correct because on election day people were going to their home pre-cincts and they didn’t exist. So clearly fixing section 5, fixing the Voting Rights Act, is not unfinished business. It is a requirement. It is ada-mantly necessary to do. Let me quick-ly say that we only did one out of the 12 appropriations bills, so Agriculture is not done, Commerce-Justice is not done, Defense, Energy and Water, Fi-nancial Services. All of these impact the lives of Americans. We are still in the dilemma of the Flint water crisis. We have gone to Flint. We as members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus have spoken to those people who are hurting. They have various ailments—one woman with a rash, hair loss, children with cognitive issues—and we have still not resolved that. Protecting children with disabilities, access to public education. My State alone has been an embar-rassment for they were only providing for 7 to 8 percent of children with dis-abilities as opposed to the national av-erage of 13 to 14 percent. We need to make sure that we ensure that those children are protected under Federal law. My State says they are imme-diately stopping the capping, but I pre-fer that we have it institutionalized into law and make sure it works. Immigration reform. We have to worry about the DACA young people who are working in our economy and now with the potential that they may be on the deportation list. Funding for the Louisiana flooding is crucial, whether those dollars have gotten—after our colleague, Congress-man R
ICHMOND , worked so hard and told us of the trillions of dollars of flooding that occurred in his constitu-ency. They need help, and we must get them help. Funding for the damage caused by Hurricane Matthew. That is, of course, in Princeville, North Carolina, areas that I remember going to with my col-league, the Honorable G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , the great chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, and, nonetheless, improving cybersecurity of the Nation’s critical infrastructure. I finish on this point, and that is on criminal justice, which I know a num-ber of members will speak of. As the ranking member on the Criminal Jus-tice Committee, I want to thank all of the many members who have offered legislation and thank the members on the Judiciary Committee, particularly under the leadership of JOHNCONYERS  and certainly those who have worked with the chairman. We must pass po-lice reform and accountability, the law enforcement trust and integrity bill. We must pass the sentencing reduction bill that will codify some of the work that needs to be done, prison reform that will turn prisons into true institu-tions of rehabilitation, and also a new matrix in juvenile justice to stop pun-ishing our young people, but to provide a corrective rehabilitative approach, which is reauthorization of the juvenile block grant legislation, along with antibullying and bullying intervention. We must do these things because the American people have sent us here to do our job. We must do these things be-cause they are right. We must do these things because the American people need this legislation. We must simply do these things because, Mr. Speaker, we must do our job. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor to yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. M
EEKS ), from New York’s Fifth Congressional District. There are so many things that I could say about him. I am honored that I serve with him on the Financial Services Com-mittee. I am honored that he is a sol-dier in the battle. When I think of some of the words that President Barack Obama said, it reminds me of Congressman M
EEKS when President Obama said, ‘‘Justice is not only the absence of oppression, it is the pres-ence of opportunity.’’ Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, the Con-gressional Black Caucus is often called the conscience of the Congress—the conscience of the Congress. They don’t say we are just the conscience of Black people. They don’t say we are just the conscience of some people. We say that we are the conscience of the entire Congress because we want to work to help all of Americans, particularly the least of these. Many of us run around and we talk about our various religious beliefs. And no matter what your reli-gious belief is, it teaches us that we need to take care of those who do not have. So we are here in what we call the people’s House, and one of the things that we should make sure that happens with the people’s House taking the lead is that we end poverty. Poverty does not discriminate. Poverty does not look at which section of the country you are in or what religion you have. You can find poverty in rural America and urban America. We should be here to do our jobs to help all Americans. When, in fact, you have individuals who are still drinking bottled water, we need to pass a water resources bill, not only for a small section of individ-uals but for everyone. Because when we look at what is taking place now, we see and we are finding—we even found it right here in the United States Cap-ital—a problem with water. Water equals life, and everybody’s life is im-portant. Why we have got to pass this budget is so that we can make sure that everybody has certainty that they receive the items that they need. What are the most basic needs of any human being? You cannot live without health care. So we have got to continue to make sure that we are providing for health care. I know some were talking about eliminating ObamaCare, but 20 million Americans who did not have any health care at all now for the first time in their lives have the same or have access to health care. We cannot end that. Education. We know today that edu-cation is more important than ever be-fore. We must pass this budget that has education at its core to make sure that every American has a chance to live up to her or his dreams. Criminal justice reform. We have got to make sure that it is fair and equi-table for everyone. When you think about this budget, stability is important. The government relies on stability. We must fund the government so that we don’t have short-term uncertainty. We have got to take care of our military. We have got to take care of emergencies like storms that hit my district. We are still recov-ering from Sandy. There must be sta-bility in the budget and not these short-term things that we continue to do so our country can move and pros-per. So let’s stay and do the job that the American people have elected us to do. Let us understand, even though this election, that there has to be, as Chair-man B
UTTERFIELD said, compromise be-cause the majority of the American people voted one way, the electoral col-lege had another decision, which means that we have got to all work together to move this country forward. We can do that, and we will be stronger doing that together. So I want to thank Congresswoman B
EATTY for engineering this evening because we must meet with our voices louder. We know the members of the Congressional Black Caucus will talk loudly and clearly to make sure that we represent the people that vote for us every 2 years, but we know that we are the conscience of the Congress and that we have a responsibility to the American people. And I say to my Republican friends, you too have a responsibility, and that responsibility is to come and let’s pass this budget so that we can keep this government moving and keep it stable moving forward. We can do that be-cause this Congress is stronger if we work together. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman G
REG MEEKS for lending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.045 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6140 November 14, 2016 
his voice to tonight’s Special Order hour. b2000 It is now my honor to ask Congress-man D
ONALD PAYNE from New Jersey to come and lend his voice tonight. He is someone who brings a message to us. He is someone who advocates for our fi-nancial needs; he advocates for our children; he is a father; he is a hus-band; and he is someone who under-stands, in the time that we are having now, the value of quality education and the value of removing our children from poverty because he understands that all lives matter. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for this opportunity to speak during this Special Order hour and to also thank my other classmate, the Honor-able H
AKEEM JEFFRIES from New York, for this opportunity to speak at this time on unfinished business. Mr. Speaker, it has been my great honor to represent the 10th Congres-sional District of the State of New Jer-sey for the past two Congresses, and I have seen a great deal of angst. I have seen some accomplishment, but not as much as the American people are due. We come here week after week. We get here on Monday nights, like to-night. We come in and meet with our staffs, and then we are told of the pro-posed votes that we have that evening. On most nights, it is two. Now, I under-stand it is a night of travel and of mak-ing sure all Members have the oppor-tunity to get here; but what does it say about Tuesday when there could pos-sibly be two or about Wednesday morn-ing when there will only be two votes? There is unfinished business, Mr. Speaker, in the House of Representa-tives. There are so many issues that we could discuss, and I think they are all being hit by my colleagues. Zika is a frightening prospect for this Nation in its moving forward. Yet and still we are unable to get the level of funding that the President has asked for to try to understand and stop this disease, to do the research needed to figure out what is going on or how to prevent it. We just go home for recess. Not until it enters the continental United States or certain Members’ States will they take it seriously. There is the whole issue around gun control, of commonsense gun legisla-tion—unfinished business. My colleague Mr. M
EEKS spoke about the issue of water, the most basic ne-cessity of life. We traveled to Flint as the Congressional Black Caucus, along with Leader P
ELOSI and Mr. H OYER . We talked to that community about what they were going through, about how they didn’t know who to trust anymore because their elected officials had mis-led them to believe that something with a brown discoloring was drink-able. We found out, Mr. Speaker, that it was not drinkable. In fact, it was poisonous. How do we do that to Amer-ican citizens? We are given the obliga-tion to stand in the gap for them, to make sure that we take care of them at every turn; but yet and still, because it was cheaper to use another water source, it was done to these people. I traveled back to my district in Newark, New Jersey, and I talked to several mayors in my district. I said: You know what I saw in Flint? You need to pay attention to what is going on with your water source. That was on a Friday evening. By Tuesday morning, they had found lead in 88 schools in Newark, New Jersey, so they had to switch over to bottled water. The testing continued, and more schools were involved. I created legis-lation for testing for lead in school sys-tems around the country, because it is not legislated anywhere in the country to test for lead in school systems. I moved forward on that legislation, but one wouldn’t know it because the ma-jority wouldn’t allow it to hit the floor. So here we are, going back to our of-fices in the Cannon House Office Build-ing, frustrated with this issue in our knowing that it is just going to con-tinue to grow. Lo and behold, 5 months after my legislation is suggested, we find there is lead in the water in the Cannon House Office Building, where the Members of Congress’ offices are; so now there is bottled water, and water fountains have been sealed off. This is something that we need to un-derstand, that needs to be addressed— unfinished business. I could just go on and on and on. Mr. Speaker, we will continue to raise these issues for as long as it takes. We are part of this body, and we are not going anywhere. Our voices will be heard on the unfinished business of this House. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank so much the gentleman—my classmate and col-league—from New Jersey’s 10th Con-gressional District. Mr. Speaker, it is, indeed, my honor to yield to Congresswoman ROBIN K
ELLY from the Second District of Illi-nois. We have heard that common creed that says, ‘‘I am my brother’s keeper.’’ She is my sister’s keeper. When I think about her work, I am al-ways so happy because I admire her. I remember the day that she sat down when we stood up. She reminds me of what Rosa Parks did in 1955 when she decided, if she sat down, it would start a movement. R
OBIN KELLY sat down on the House floor because she said we should do more than just stand up when someone loses his life to gun vio-lence. So it is, indeed, a great honor for me to yield to Congresswoman R
OBIN K
ELLY . Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank Con-gresswoman B
EATTY and Congressman J
EFFRIES because they have held it down for a long time now and have made us proud to be members of the Congressional Black Caucus because of how they present themselves in the Special Order hours and how they have taken on the responsibility. I thank both of them so very much. When I think about unfinished busi-ness, one knows where I am going. I think about the gun violence that is still occurring in, what I represent, the Chicagoland area. We are up to 618 deaths and 3,273 shootings. Now, I don’t know about today, because it is occur-ring every day. I know it is not just about the legislation, but we do need background checks; we do need a na-tional straw purchasing bill and bills that pass; we need gun trafficking bills. We need to improve, as you have heard, police-community relations, but we also need to invest in people. We need to invest in underserved commu-nities: we need to make sure that peo-ple have decent housing, decent edu-cations, that they get the job skills they need so that they can have jobs. There are too many who are still un-employed, and that is why the violence occurs. We need more mentors. I have a bill like my past colleague just said, the Urban Progress bill. The bill was presented, but it never went anywhere, which was just like the background check bill. It is a bipar-tisan bill—190 cosponsors—but the bill never gets called to the floor. We have spent time—I believe 68 times—in try-ing to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but we have never sat down to see: What are the problems? Where do you think it should be improved? No. We just tried to repeal everything. There are great things about that bill. There are so many more people covered who would not have been covered. I am the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus’ Health Braintrust. Afri-can Americans die from 8 of the top 10 diseases, and that is because of a lack of access to places. The Affordable Care Act has definitely helped in that arena, but we need to do more. We need to send funding to NIH, and we can do more. We are the wealthiest country in the world, yet we have the amount of homelessness we have and the amount of violence we have. We have a lack of affordable college education. Our stu-dents are suffering. They cannot live the American Dream because we are not doing the right thing in Congress— so much unfinished business. We talk about people pulling themselves up by the bootstraps, but they have to have the straps on the boots to be able to pull themselves up. It seems like we don’t have the American heart, that we don’t have the caring. Immigration—there was a bill we could have passed in the House, but we just don’t call the bills to the floor. We are just, really, ignoring so many things, and I don’t see how we could feel proud when we go back to our dis-tricts when there are so many things that we haven’t done. I hope in this, as we call it, lameduck session it is not too late and we can call some of these bills to the floor. We can save lives by calling bills to the floor. In Flint, they can drink clean, qual-ity water if we do what we are sup-posed to do. We cannot sit and rest on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.046 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6141 November 14, 2016 
our laurels. When we go into 2017, if we want cooperation and if we want the spirit of unity, we need to see that co-operation and unity now, not just in 2017. I thank the gentlewoman for giving me the opportunity. Let’s do our jobs. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank so much Con-gresswoman R
OBIN KELLY . Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Congress-woman B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN from New Jersey’s 12th District. I am so honored to serve with her. She stands in this same space as the Special Order hour chair for our Progressive Caucus. Earlier today, I benefited from her wisdom as she said to me: I am used to being in charge and I like being in charge, so I am going to stay tonight and lend my voice to the Special Order hour on our unfinished business. b2015 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed an honor to be here and standing with Congresswoman B
EATTY and with Congressman J
EFFRIES as you bring forth truth to power here in what you speak of. It is definitely a timely topic to be dis-cussing unfinished business, what we can do. People need to realize that we have but 15 legislative days left in this con-gressional session, and there are so many things that need to be done that haven’t been appropriately addressed. I want to associate myself with the comments that were made by those who came before me as it relates to gun safety. I want to remind us that back in 2012, in Sandy Hook Elemen-tary School in Newtown, Connecticut, someone went in there and killed 20 children and 6 adults and killed him-self. Since that time, there have been at least 1,100, close to 1,200 mass shoot-ings, at least 1,300 deaths, and at least 4,700 that have been wounded; and that is just since November 6th. There are so many commonsense gun safety bills that are just waiting to be voted on. I know that, if given the op-portunity, the majority in this House would vote appropriately and properly, taking into consideration the safety and security they represent to our communities. There are other things that we need to be thinking about. We need to en-sure that we are protecting the envi-ronment; that we are protecting the environment against unnecessary fracking and unnecessary pipelines. We need to make sure that we are reform-ing criminal justice, that we are edu-cating, not incarcerating; that we are putting our resources where we get the best value. We need to increase the minimum wage so that people can have a livable wage, raise their families, take care of their homes, and ensure that they have a little bit of money to spend so that they can churn up this economy. We need to restore the Voting Rights Act. We need to ensure that voting is accessible; that people have the oppor-tunity and the encouragement to vote when they are supposed to and when they could. Finally, one last thought from me, we need to look at the kinds of protec-tions that we have had in our banking system, protect just everyday families with their investments. We need to make sure that we are investing in the 21st century Glass-Steagall Act. Those are the things that the people, every-day working families, look for us to do our work. Together, we can do those things and make it better for each and every one of us. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman BONNIE WATSON COLE-
MAN. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed my honor to yield to my coanchor, my classmate, my friend, the Congressman from the Eighth Congressional District of New York. I wanted to pause for a moment and think about what I would say as he will come as the coanchor, an individual who serves in this Congress, one of Congress’ best orators. When I think about him, I thought I would introduce him this way, Mr. Speaker: He is brave and brilliant. He is strong and strategic. He is always prepared and persistent. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ), my coanchor. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague and good friend from the Third Congressional District (Mrs. B
EATTY ). She is always elegant, eloquent, and effervescent, an erudite, anchor of the CBC Special Order who has made us all proud in the manner in which she has conducted herself on behalf of the people that she represents, as well as the entire Con-gressional Black Caucus and, of course, the class of 2012. Once again, it is my honor and my privilege to stand on the House floor and participate in the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour where for 60 minutes we have an oppor-tunity to speak directly to the Amer-ican people about issues of great sig-nificance. I can think of no more pro-found moment by which we need to ad-dress the people throughout this coun-try, who we are privileged to represent, than in the aftermath of the most re-cent election. I think it is important first to reflect upon the fact that in this country we already have made significant progress over the last 8 years. A lot of folks— some of our friends on the other side of the aisle—they don’t want to acknowl-edge that fact. The reality of the situa-tion quantitatively is very different. Under 8 years of George W. Bush, this country lost 650,000 jobs. In almost 8 years of Barack Obama, we have gained more than 15 million private-sector jobs, 79 consecutive months of private- sector job creation. The deficit has been reduced by more than a trillion dollars under the Presidency of Barack Obama. When President Barack Obama came into office, the unemployment rate was at 10 percent. Now, it is at 5 percent. When Barack Obama took office, the stock market was at 6,000. Now it is over 18,000. More than 20 million Amer-icans who were previously uninsured now have health coverage, and more than 300 million Americans don’t have to worry about being denied health coverage because of a preexisting con-dition, all as a result of the Presidency of Barack Obama. I could go on and on, but America is a better place today be-cause of the 44th President of the United States of America. Of course, now we find ourselves in a situation where we have to continue to address the issues of great importance to the American people. In this demo-cratic republic, time marches on. As Abraham Lincoln once referenced, we are in a constant march toward a more perfect union. So the question, of course, is: Well, what are some of the issues where we can find common ground here today? In the aftermath of one of the most divisive elections in our Nation’s his-tory, let me suggest that there are a few CBC priorities where some of my good friends on the other side of the aisle seemingly should take interest in addressing. The first thing, of course, relates to poverty. Despite what we have heard from the President-elect throughout the campaign, poverty is not simply an inner-city problem. Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY is a testament to the fact that so many folks who live in great cities like Columbus are incred-ibly professional, built wonderful lives, pursued the American Dream. Poverty is not an inner-city problem; it is an American problem. In fact, a majority of persistently poor counties in this country—parenthetically, that is defined as counties where 20 percent or more of the population has lived below the poverty line for 30 or more years—are represented by House Re-publicans. I don’t know if the Presi-dent-elect realizes that. So poverty and making sure that every single person in America has an opportunity to pursue the American Dream isn’t a Democratic issue or a CBC issue. It is an American issue. Maybe we can figure out a way collec-tively to deal with this problem be-cause it doesn’t just impact the people I represent back home in Brooklyn. The second issue that I think we can find common ground on, hopefully, is criminal justice reform. The House Ju-diciary Committee has already passed bipartisan legislation unanimously to deal with our unjust sentencing laws, as well as to make sure that everyone has an opportunity for a second chance in life once they have paid their debt to society. There has been great cooperation from many of my friends on the other side of the aisle, leaders on criminal justice reform, people like J
ASON  C
HAFFETZ , TREYGOWDY , and R AU´LLAB-
RADOR . These are people where there may be issues that we don’t have a lot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.048 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6142 November 14, 2016 
in common, but who recognize, along with a whole host of other folks, that we have an overcriminalization prob-lem in America when we have 5 percent of the world’s population, but 25 per-cent of the world’s incarcerated indi-viduals. We incarcerate more people in this country than any other country in the world. And if you take China and Rus-sia’s population combined, it is in ex-cess of a billion individuals. Yet, we in-carcerate more than those two coun-tries put together. I would say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: I think that dealing with mass incarceration in America fits squarely within your phil-osophical approach to a whole bunch of things. I am not asking you to become a Progressive Democrat. Fiscal Conservatives should object to the fact that we spend 80-billion-plus dollars a year wasting economic re-sources, opportunity, and human cap-ital, as States in places like Texas, Kentucky, Georgia, and Louisiana have done, not blue States like New York or California; red States who recognize that the fiscally conservative thing to do without sacrificing public safety is to deal with overcriminalization in America. I would also suggest that many of my friends, Christian Conservatives—I am a Conservative, I guess, in the sense that I am a proud member of the Cor-nerstone Baptist Church. I don’t know what the distinction is, but Christian Conservatives, I guess, is the lingo and the language that is often used—all of us who believe in some form of reli-gion, particularly those, of course, who define themselves as Christian Con-servatives should embrace the notion that you should have a second chance in life. Because theologically underpin-ning your religious beliefs is the notion of redemption, that we are all sinners in the eyes of God, with the exception of one person who has walked this Earth. And once you pay your debt to society, you shouldn’t have a perma-nent scarlet letter that prohibits you from being able to experience the American Dream. So I think criminal justice reform fits squarely within the philosophy of my fiscal Conservative friends, my Christian Conservative friends. I would also suggest that my Libertarian friends, as R
AND PAULand R AU´LLAB-
RADOR have already illustrated, should also object to the mass incarceration problem that we have got in America. I understand you don’t like overtax-ation. We can argue about what is the appropriate rate. I understand you don’t like overregulation. This is all about government overreach. You should have a problem with over-criminalization because there is no area where the government can do more damage than when they have the ability to take away your life or your liberty. So we stand here as members of the CBC talking about unfinished business, not urging you to cross over and adopt our philosophy. Adopt your philosophy and apply it to criminal justice reform. The last issue I would suggest as we talk about unfinished business is the notion of the Voting Rights Act having been decimated. I am disappointed that so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle think that this should be a partisan issue. If there is a Repub-lican advantage, let’s be honest, that is why we don’t want to do anything to fix it. Because when you look at the proud history of the Voting Rights Act, it has always been bipartisan in na-ture. It would not have passed this Congress without support from mod-erate Republicans in the House and in the Senate. That is a fact. There were Members of the Democratic Party, so- called Dixiecrats, that opposed it with everything they had. It would not be law today without Republicans. Every time the Voting Rights Act was reauthorized, it was signed back into law by a Republican President: 1970, Richard Nixon. 1975, Gerald Ford. 1982, Ronald Reagan. 2006, George W. Bush. We are not asking you on the House floor to act like Progressive Demo-crats. Just act like Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, who recognized that voting rights is not a Democratic issue or a Republican issue; it is an Amer-ican issue. So, with that, I would just conclude by saying this: It would be a mistake for my friends on the other side of the aisle to interpret too much from this election. I am trying to figure out what exactly is the mandate when it appears that more than 2 million Americans will have supported, in terms of the popular vote margin, the candidate who lost. b2030 And it was a mistake when others in-terpreted too much from an electoral college victory. Hubert Humphrey won the popular vote in 1968. The electoral college sent us Richard Nixon, and we got Watergate. Al Gore won the pop-ular vote in 2000, and I think there was too much of a mandate interpretation. We got two failed wars and the worst economy since the Great Depression. So the question is: Are you going to learn from recent history or are you just going to celebrate this unexpected victory where you lost the popular vote? I would suggest let’s just find common ground, maybe on some of the areas that we have laid out here today. We are not asking you to change your philosophy, change your ideology; but in areas like poverty where you have got just as much at stake based on your constituents as we do, or criminal justice reform where your philosophy is consistent with dealing with mass incarceration and over-criminalization in America, or the Vot-ing Rights Act, which has a proud bi-partisan history, let’s start there and see what we can do as it relates to ad-dressing the business of the American people as we go into the next Congress. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, let me just end with these words. This may be my last time as the lead anchor, so I cannot leave this Chamber without saying thank you, thank you to Presi-dent Barack Obama for giving us 8 years of changing this country; thank you to President Barack Obama, whose legacy 10 or 20 years from now will go down in history as one of our greatest Presidents for making change. Mr. Speaker, let me now say thank you to Congressman JEFFRIES for re-minding me of where we are now. If we really are going to finish our unfin-ished business, the President-elect, who said, as I paraphrase, gangs roam-ing the streets, African American com-munities being decimated by crime, you walk down the streets and you get shot, well, Mr. Speaker, we could take care of that in the 114th if we really be-lieved that. We could do a crime bill; we could do a voters’ rights bill; we could do 10–20–30. Mr. Speaker, as my time comes to an end, I include in the R
ECORD state-ments from Congresswoman T
ERRI SE-
WELL and Congresswoman E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, with just sixteen legislative days remaining during the 114th Congress, there is still plenty of work that the Republican leader-ship must accomplish during the lame duck session. The House and Senate will need to finish its work on the FY2017 Omnibus before the continuing resolution expires on December 9. However, this Congress can also work to pass comprehensive gun violence prevention measures, pass tax reform legislation, or tack-le the ever-important criminal justice reform bills that this Congress has pledged to con-sider. Serious criminal justice reform in the United States is long overdue and I fear that with the new administration, our opportunity to pass real reforms is closing fast. I do not believe that it is in the national interest to doom many of our people to a lifetime of suffering and condemnation for one or two poor life choices. Effective criminal justice reform will focus on reintegrating people back into society and re-ducing recidivism rates across the country. In-stead, the United States has one of the high-est per capita incarceration rates in the world. The costs to our society are too great. It is not only the financial burden on our country to put people in jail, it is the opportunity costs and futures that we are denying to our youths and others. Even more alarming is the fact that mass incarceration has been shown to disproportionately impact minority populations. For example, African Americans are incarcer-ated for drug offenses at a rate ten times greater than that of whites. This is in spite of the fact that both segments of our popu-lation—blacks and whites—use drugs at roughly the same rates. Today, roughly half of the 205,000 inmates currently in federal prison are serving there due to drug offenses. This is bad policy. Mr. Speaker, true systemic reform will be multifaceted in its approach. This includes not only reforming our criminal justice system, but also community resources and education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.050 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6143 November 14, 2016 
available to individuals. The Republican Con-gress has an opportunity not only to address these issues now during the lame duck, but will also be uniquely positioned during the 115th Congress to make good faith efforts and bring about real reform across our country. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I stand in solidarity with my colleagues to de-mand that the Republican Leadership do its job and prioritize the needs of the American people. The criminal justice system is desperately in need of reform, gun violence has become an epidemic problem in America, the FY2017 Omnibus is inexcusably incomplete and the American vote is still not protected. I have only begun to name the extensive amount of work that has been left undone by the Republican Leadership and the American people are suffering because of it. The people of this country who rely on this Congress to fight for them will continue to suffer because of the inaction, indifference and insolence of the Republican Party. Congress has repeatedly failed to pass leg-islation to help make the citizens of this coun-try feel safe from violence and secure in their rights and liberties. We need greater invest-ment in higher education and our HBCUs. We need more anti-poverty programs and we need to address the problems of the rise of drug costs and access to healthcare facilities. There is simply too much incomplete work that cannot be ignored. There has been too much suffering, sadness, blood and tears— and we need action now. As Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. famously said, ‘‘The time is always right to do what is right.’’ Now is the time to take action to unite as one great nation and work together to secure lib-erty and justice for all Americans. Unfinished business cannot become ‘‘business as usual.’’ 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LATE, HONORABLE STEVE L
ATOURETTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to honor our late colleague Steve LaTourette, who served in this body for 18 years, and who, sadly, passed away after a heroic battle with pancreatic cancer. He died on August 3. Steve will be sorely missed by those of us who had the pleasure and the honor to work with him and to know him. Steve and I were elected to Congress together in 1994 as part of the Repub-lican Revolution, or so it was called in those days. It was the year of the Con-tract with America. We were two of the four Republicans from Ohio who were first elected that year. The other two were Frank Cremeans, who has also passed away a number of years ago, and Bob Ney. Steve and I served the longest and worked here together for 16 years, and over that time we became good friends. While Steve was an esteemed col-league, respected by both sides of the aisle, I will always remember him as one of those people who was truly a great person on a human level. He had a gregarious personality, a very wry sense of humor, and he shared it with us many times, those of us in this body, again on both sides of the aisle. We are a better institution because Steve LaTourette served here among us. He will be greatly missed and long remembered. Steve LaTourette had the rather en-dearing ability to take his job and his responsibilities very seriously while at the same time poking fun at himself. Perhaps most importantly, I think Steve will be remembered because of how much he believed in bipartisan-ship. He truly did not care which party you belonged to. If you had a good idea, he would support it, and he would get into the trenches with you and fight to get that idea enacted into law. Sadly, it was the lack of bipartisan-ship that affected his decision to retire back in 2012. In his parting speech on this floor, he said: For a long time now, words like ‘‘com-promise’’ have been considered to be dirty words. I have always believed that the art of being a legislator is finding common ground. 
When Members from both sides of the aisle paid tribute to him upon his de-parture, The Plain Dealer reported that Steve, in his characteristic humor, joked that it was fitting that bipartisanship would only break out when he had decided to leave. I hope that Steve is looking down on us here this evening so that he will know that he has truly brought us together in a bipartisan manner because we have a number of our colleagues here on the other side of the aisle who would also like to speak in his memory and in his honor. I hope that we make Steve proud here this evening when he sees the bi-partisanship that is going to be taking place on this floor, and maybe, just maybe, we can bring a little of this bi-partisan spirit with us into the next Congress. We could certainly use it, considering the challenges that this in-stitution and we as a nation face after a very divisive—let’s face it, very divi-sive—election where about half the people were ecstatic and about half the people are very depressed right now. So it is certainly a time for us to come together. It is going to be a little bit tougher to come together because Steve is not with us, but we can keep in mind what he would have done, what he would have said, and how he could have brought us together. So I think it is fitting that we join together in a bi-partisan manner in this tribute to our former colleague Steve LaTourette this evening. I would like to yield at this time to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAP-
TUR), the longest serving Member from the Ohio delegation. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman C
HABOT for yielding. It is really a pleasure to be here with him this evening and to pay tribute to a wonderful, wonderful Congressman, Steve LaTourette, from the great State of Ohio. Obviously, we return here this evening to Congress following an elec-tion in which new depths of feverish partisanship were reached in the coun-try, and I feel humbled to speak in tribute to our late Republican col-league and friend, Ohio Congressman Steve LaTourette. He was a lawyer’s lawyer. He was very, very intelligent and a very effec-tive lawmaker, and he remained a loyal Republican. But at the same time, he exemplified, as Congressman C
HABOT  has said, the importance of com-promise and negotiation to the polit-ical process for the sake of the Repub-lic and the American people. He always prioritized his constitu-ents over partisan concerns, and he built alliances with House Members of all stripes in pursuit of the common good. He always conducted himself with a warm smile and a witty manner throughout, and he always had a good word. I remember how he sort of looked at you from above his glasses when he would get out of a committee meeting, always with a broad smile. It was an honor and a privilege to have served for so many years in the same Ohio delegation as Steve. He ex-hibited so much love for our State and endeavored to help all Ohioans, even those not in his constituency. In many ways, he was not just a representative for the 19th and then the 14th District of Ohio, but a representative for all of Ohio, as he effectively worked on our Committee on Appropriations. One of my fondest passions has been to champion the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative that focuses on the Great Lakes region, and it often brought us together to work to pro-mote investment in the world’s largest freshwater ecosystem, with 95 percent of our Nation’s freshwater and serving over 30 million Americans; 1
1⁄2million jobs, and $62 billion in wages are gen-erated in this Great Lakes nation each year. Steve understood the immense environmental and economic impor-tance of the Great Lakes to the region and our Nation because he came from northern Ohio. It was a real pleasure to work with Steve to champion our Great Lakes issues. I recall on another front, in 2005, fol-lowing cuts to the Pentagon’s budget, it was announced that 1,200 jobs at the Defense Finance and Accounting Serv-ice in the Federal office building in Cleveland, Ohio, were to be cut and shipped out to Indianapolis. Steve was able not only to successfully lobby the Defense Department to preserve the jobs, but with his great chutzpah, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.037 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6144 November 14, 2016 
secured an expansion of the office’s size by over 600 jobs the following year. Many of those employees are now my constituents, and I know they retain, as I do, a deep gratitude for Steve’s vital intervention. He put the same type of effort into so many projects: the Inner Belt Bridge in Cleveland, the Port of Cleveland, and so much more in northeastern Ohio and throughout our State. These local examples are demonstra-tive of the ideals and goals that moti-vated Steve in the wider, national po-litical context, prioritizing the public interest and working with anyone and everyone to get things done. The list is extensive. Steve was one of just seven Republicans to vote against stripping the National Public Radio of all public funding. He had courage. He advocated for a mixed and pragmatic approach to deficit reduction. He blocked legisla-tion aimed at weakening worker pro-tection, and he voted in favor of an in-crease in unemployment benefits as the Great Recession began to bite. The list goes on. He was a loyal Republican, but he also represented his region. Yet Steve was critical and, frankly, heartsick about the stark political divide now found in the House and also of the tone in which that divide and debate is con-ducted. I was filled with an immense sense of regret and sadness upon his de-cision not to seek reelection in 2012, es-pecially because of his reason. He had ‘‘reached the conclusion that the at-mosphere’’ in the House ‘‘no longer en-courages the finding of common ground.’’ His comments remain highly reso-nant today: If this Chamber was not able to create a space and forge an en-vironment in which Representative LaTourette felt able to serve, then how can we expect to pursue the public good to help the people of this great Nation? Steve’s tragic and courageous death must serve as a calling to us all to constantly recall America’s prom-ises and for what purpose we serve in this great House. When Steve passed away, a leading light of bipartisanship was extin-guished. As we embark upon a new po-litical chapter in Washington, let us all do our best to rekindle that fire in his memory. I thank Congressman C
HABOT for yielding to me and for arranging for this Special Order in tribute to our dear friend, Steve LaTourette. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman for her very kind remarks, and I think she is absolutely right. He was somebody who did work in truly a bipartisan way, and that is one of the things I think we will all remember him for as much or more than anything else. I would now like to yield to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ). He took Steve’s place and is now the current Member who represents the 14th Dis-trict of Ohio. b2045 Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman CHABOT very much for the opportunity to be here. It is a pleasure to see in the gallery tonight Steve’s loving family: his beau-tiful wife, Jennifer; Emma; Henry. And for those who are at home: Sarah, Sam, and the twins. You need to know one thing very clearly: your father loved you very much. I had the pleasure of first meeting your father in 1988. I was appointed the prosecutor in Chardon in Geauga Coun-ty. He was running for election in Lake County. His favorite saying was: no muss, no fuss. Don’t worry about this, D
AVIE. We have got this. We worked together for many years, and I can tell you just a few things be-cause I will be brief. Your father cared. He cared deeply about you, he cared deeply about his friends and his family. Whenever you would run into him, he would always ask about the family, the kids. If he knew someone was ill, he al-ways inquired about how they were. He always inquired about people first. The job came later. Secondly, he was loyal. He was some-body you could always count on. If he gave you his word, it was money in the bank. And the beauty of that, no mat-ter what was going on in his life, he made you feel like you were the only one there and your issues were so im-portant to him. Believe me, he was competitive. Whether it was in a courtroom or in the Halls of Congress, he was one who would fight for you day in, day out. He cared deeply about his country and wanted only the best for it. That is why he fought for it. But remember one thing: when it came to softball, your father was some-thing else. We have our annual summer prosecutors’ softball game and his team was, unfortunately, defeated 2 years in a row. Then he made it part of his hiring practice that anybody who was coming into the prosecutor’s office also had to excel as a softball player because he was not going to let a loss like that occur a third year in a row on behalf of his beloved Lake County. I know you have many fond memo-ries of him. I do, too, but I think the most important part is to remember how much he loved his country and that he was one person you could truly call a legislative gentleman and a scholar. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OOPER ). Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight to pay tribute to a truly remarkable man. I was privileged to attend the memo-rial service in Falls Church. Mr. T
IBERI  delivered an awesome eulogy on that day. The synagogue was full. What was perhaps most remarkable was that there was almost an equal number of Republican Members and Democratic Members. That is indeed rare, and it is sad that it is rare in this day and age. We all respected, admired, and loved Steve LaTourette because he was a great Member. Eighteen years of serv-ice is a good long time and he did won-derful things, I am sure, for Ohio. We heard from MARCY KAPTUR about many of the projects he was involved in, but I want to reflect for a moment on a project that I think could have and should have benefited the entire United States. It was a huge lost op-portunity, but he put body and soul into it in 2012, which turned out to be his last year in Congress. Back then, there was a bipartisan commission appointed by President Obama, headed up by Republican Sen-ator Alan Simpson of Wyoming and also by the former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles. It was called the Simpson-Bowles Commis-sion. It was tasked with finding a bi-partisan solution to our Nation’s debt and deficit problems. Back then, in 2012, we thought the debt was astronomical. It was $15.6 tril-lion. Now, 4 years later, it is $19.6 tril-lion. It is $4 trillion higher, $4 trillion of extra burden on future generations, including Steve’s own children. The irony of the Simpson-Bowles package is that it was about a $4 tril-lion package to reduce our debt by about $4 trillion. Steve had the courage to engineer a plan to bring it to the House floor. We got it to the House floor. We had, according to Steve’s es-timate, almost 100 commitments for support. We didn’t expect to win, but we thought we would at least put up a good showing. When the votes were counted, we had a whopping 38 Mem-bers who were willing to stand up for bipartisan debt and deficit reduction. Thirty-eight Members out of a body of 435. I am not faulting people who didn’t vote for it that day, who reneged on their commitment to Steve. I am proud of those—sometimes called the brave 38—that stood by that commitment. There was plenty in that bill to hate. It is easy to criticize, but it is hard to perform. But Steve LaTourette was a rare Member who was interested in being brave to help his country, and he was willing to sacrifice to do it. I ad-mire that. I admire that because it takes courage and I admire that be-cause it is increasingly rare. Too many members are only looking to be pop-ular and perpetuate their career in-stead of putting their country first. Steve LaTourette put his country first. I hope that people will learn from his example. I hope they will follow his example. I hope they will do it in the wonderful, humorous style that he had where he could be serious as all get out, but also have that twinkle in his eye. He made friends, he made alli-ances, but he also built a bridge to the future for us all. It is not too late to pay attention to deficit reduction. Sadly, it was largely ignored in this most recent Presi-dential campaign by both candidates, but there are plans now to make our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.052 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6145 November 14, 2016 
debt $5 trillion and $10 trillion worse even than it is today. So we are not going in the direction of Simpson-Bowles or Cooper-LaTou-rette, as the legislation was called. We seem to be going in the opposite direc-tion. I don’t want interest on the Fed-eral debt to be the largest, fastest- growing new Federal program, but that is the way it is headed, especially if in-terest rates tick up. We have got a lot of work to do in this body. The next Congress we will have to tackle these Steve LaTourette problems that he was not willing to duck. I hope that this coming Congress will not duck them. He was a brave man and a good man and we need to learn from his example. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), who probably knew Steve as well as any other Member in this House did and was as close a friend of Steve’s as I think anybody here. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ran into a guy back during the campaign in my district who was a prosecutor when Steve LaTourette was a prosecutor. He called him a prosecutor’s prosecutor. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised because when Steve LaTourette came to this Congress 6 years before I came, he be-came a legislator’s legislator. And to Henry and Emma and to his children at home: that corner back there became Steve’s corner. It was a corner that we spent a lot of time in. Two of the people who spent a lot of time in that corner with your dad were M
IKE SIMPSON , a Congressman from Idaho, and F
RANK LOBIONDO from New Jersey. They apologize they could not be here tonight, but wanted me to tell you they miss him dearly, just as you do. Part of what I am going to say, I said at the memorial, but I want to say it again. Steve was a unique guy and not a guy that I would have thought that I would have become friends with be-cause he was a University of Michigan guy and I am an Ohio State guy. But despite that, we did become friends. Not only did we become friends, my daughters had a tremendous amount of respect for him. When I asked them after Steve passed to give me a word or a phrase that reminded them of Steve, they came up with these four words or four sayings. One said, Funny. Steve could be brutally funny with a wicked sense of humor. Another said, Kind. Another said, Nice man. And, finally, the fourth said, Christlike. I laughed at that inside because I knew Steve would laugh at that. But then I looked up Christlike and I got words that fit Steve to a T: gentle, kind, unselfish, generous. It was really an amazing thing and I never thought one of my daughters could see that in a guy, with the words that have been described by our colleagues who loved him. They loved him dearly because his heart was always in the right spot of trying to get things done. No matter who it came from or whose idea it was, Steve was always about helping the lit-tle guy. As MARCY KAPTUR from Ohio said, he not only saved jobs in Cleveland, he added to them. He helped Lake Erie. He was passionate about it. He was pas-sionate about helping his constituents. Whether it was repairing a bridge or building a road, transportation and in-frastructure issues were just amazingly important to him. He became an expert in the field. Whether it be something about a railroad or an airport, a sea-port, Steve knew it. Trucking, he was on it. I miss Steve back in that corner. He was an amazing counsel and a friend. He was a mentor. As my daughter said, he was one of the funniest, kindest, and yes, nicest and most Christlike human beings I have ever met. Take comfort in knowing that the world is a better place because of your dad. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHN-
SON), from the Sixth Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank my colleague, S
TEVE CHABOT , for putting this on to-night and giving us this opportunity to pay tribute to one of the finest human beings that I personally ever met. I was elected in 2010, and had no background in public service. I had no idea what I was getting myself into. There was so much to learn and so lit-tle time to learn it in. Fortunately, for me, Steve LaTourette was in our Ohio delegation. It didn’t take me long to figure out that, if you had a question on any-thing, Steve LaTourette was the guy to go to. Whether it was a legislative issue or a procedural issue or a polit-ical issue, Steve was a wealth of knowl-edge and was always willing to take time out of his personal schedule to sit down and have a conversation with you. I don’t think I ever met anyone while I served with him for two terms that didn’t call Steve a friend, whether that was on the Republican side of the aisle or on the Democrat side of the aisle. b2100 Steve had the uncanny ability to smile that smile, to brush away all of the dust of confusion, and get to the core of the matter. And when you walked away from a conversation with Steve, you thought: Well, why didn’t I think of that? I so much appreciated his guidance, his mentorship, and his friendship. I got to know the expertise and the pro-fessionalism of the man by watching him work. But the thing that impressed me most about Steve LaTourette was the heart of the man because I saw him with his family. I saw the way he treat-ed his wife and his children. And there was no mistaking that whatever was swirling around the House, you knew where Steve’s priorities were. Steve’s priorities were at home, and I will al-ways remember Steve for that. People call him colleague, people call him former Member; Jennifer, I am just proud to call him friend. God bless you and the family, and thanks so much for letting me share a few mo-ments. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, reclaim-ing my time, I yield to the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Rep-resentative C
HABOT for organizing this Special Order tonight so that we could pay tribute to our colleague, Steve LaTourette. And Jennifer, I hope that you and the children are being comforted by the words that you are hearing here to-night. I want to associate myself with all the comments that I have been able to hear tonight about Steve. He truly was a dedicated public servant and a cham-pion for his constituents in Ohio for 18 years. As we mourn the loss of Steve, we re-member a Representative who stood for what is right and who fought on behalf of what makes America great. I had the privilege of standing in the back corner a lot of times with Steve, and I can certainly testify to his quick- wittedness, his sense of humor, but also his ability to discern, again, the heart of the matter, as has been men-tioned here. I learned a great deal from Steve by listening to him. He was a man of great principle. And as I thought tonight about coming here and sharing a few comments to pay tribute to Steve, the poem by John Donne, ‘‘For Whom the Bell Tolls,’’ kept coming back to me. So I am going to share that poem to-night because I do think that it epito-mizes how we should think about Steve and his presence here and his absence. ‘‘No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend’s or of thine own were: any man’s death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.’’ We are all diminished by the loss of Steve, but we are all the better for hav-ing known him, and I feel very blessed to have known and worked with him. God bless you, Jennifer, and your family. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, reclaim-ing my time, I yield to the gentleman from Dayton, Ohio (Mr. T
URNER .) Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman C
HABOT for hosting this im-portant opportunity for us to come to the House floor to speak about our good friend, Steve LaTourette. Ohio has lost a great advocate and a public servant. And to Jennifer and to Mr. LaTourette’s children, I want to add my voice and comments to those who have spoken before. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.053 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6146 November 14, 2016 
We have heard words such as bipar-tisan, mentor, substantive, inspira-tional and fighter, and I want to add my voice to underscore how those words were so important in this body and so important for the legacy of Steve LaTourette. Bipartisan: As we all know, standing outside off the House Chamber is the Speaker’s lobby where the press stands, and I was stopped many times by the press asking me this simple question. The press would approach and say that they had been speaking to the Members of the House and asking them who is the most bipartisan Member of the House, and frequently, on both sides, people would mention Steve LaTou-rette, and they would want to know how he did that and how he would ac-complish that. Where is the work that would have a Member be identified as the most bipartisan? But we all knew it to be true. Wheth-er it be on substantive issues reaching across the aisle or fighting for what was right, Steve looked not at what side of the aisle people were on but what was the outcome, and everyone in this body saw it. Mentor: Like B
ILLJOHNSON , I came here having not served as a legislator before. Steve LaTourette was willing to sit down, assist me in understanding how this body works, how an office works, how to make certain that you are successful, how Congress operates, and how a new Member can become an important part of it. Substantive: Congressman P
AT T
IBERI was saying that this corner over here was Steve LaTourette’s. But what is important about that corner, not just that Steve LaTourette was there but the line of people that would form to speak to Steve because they were seeking that bipartisan voice, his men-toring, but also his substantive com-ments. Steve LaTourette was always the in-dividual who knew more about what was happening on this floor across all subjects than anyone else. It wasn’t just his committee or his bills. It was everything that was going on. He knew what was happening, and he had advice for everyone who would stop by to take it. Inspirational: Steve always had a cause. When you would stop by and talk to him, it wasn’t just what was happening on the House floor, it was what other issue needed to be ad-dressed, what other issue needed to be righted, and he would call many people to the cause for that inspiration. And he was a fighter. He was always on the right side. M
ARCY KAPTUR was speaking about the fight of BRAC. When Ohio was facing a BRAC, and we had many military facilities that were at risk, DFAS and NASA in Cleveland were facing significant cuts and effects to them. NASA would have been sec-ondarily affected by the cuts in the De-partment of Defense. Steve LaTourette singularly stood forward and went directly to the data that the Department of Defense was using, substantively attacked it, sub-stantively repackaged it, and won on the argument that these facilities needed not to be closed or impacted but they needed to be sustained. It was that fighter aspect, it was that sub-stantive aspect that allowed him to be successful and allowed him to be a leader for many. He will be strongly missed, but, by all those who had an opportunity to learn from him and his mentorship, he lives on in the inspiration he has pro-vided to us in do the right thing, work hard, substantively focus, and make certain that you work and honor all of the Members of the body of Congress, not just those who are of your party. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, reclaim-ing my time, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ). Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for pulling this Special Order together to give tribute and to really reflect on the remarkable life of Steve LaTourette. For me, Steve was a role model. He was a teacher. He taught me so much about this institution, and he was a great friend. He was somebody who was fun to be around. So many things that I could address but, in the interest of time, I will make two points. The first is that Steve and I shared a passion for seeing this body lead and to get our country back to a balanced budget, believing that this is not only an economic imperative, it is a moral imperative. We have today Steve’s family who are with us. He felt so deeply about his family. He loved Cleveland and his en-tire district, and he knew that this was an issue that we had to go all in to make happen. That was certainly one of the main motivations why I retired from the Army after 29 years total, including 24 years in the regular Army, is to help move us back to a balanced budget. And working together over the past 6 years, inspired by Steve and others’ work, we have closed the deficit by al-most 70 percent, but we are not there. We are not back to a balanced budget, and we need to get back to a balanced budget. Steve helped lead the way. Our first work together was actually a substitute amendment in 2011 brought to the floor here in the early morning hours in March of 2011, and I still remember watching Steve; didn’t know him real well at the time but liked everything I saw. And I remem-ber the debate, as it was moving from about 2:30 to 3 a.m., and the speaker right before Steve was, quite frankly, criticizing this substitute amendment that Steve and I had authored before the House and said: Well, we really don’t have time to debate Mr. LaTourette’s amendment, given this hour. So when Mr. LaTourette—when Steve got to the floor and he was rec-ognized, he said: Excuse me? We don’t have time? Moments ago, we debated cutting off the plumbing to the White House. I think we have got plenty of time to talk about issues that are very important to my constituents in Cleve-land. He gave an impassioned set of re-marks that I think was very thought-fully constructed about how we could guide ourselves back to a balanced budget, but do it in a way that also brings people together, that can do it in a way that we can gain bipartisan support for that. He stood up for things that were very important for people in Cleveland like the arts, like NPR, and education. And I thought he gave a very summoning set of remarks, and I was proud to be associated with that. Then a year later, as Mr. COOPER  mentioned, I was one of those who joined Mr. LaTourette. We thought our numbers were more formidable, but we brought forward this bipartisan budget that, as Mr. C
OOPER pointed out, was a missed opportunity because, had we ac-tually adopted that pro-growth, we were closing loopholes and lowering rates for Americans. And also fiscally conservative, we had smart, spending limits on the Federal departments, it was not sequestered. These were liv-able, sustainable levels that would ulti-mately get our discretionary spending under control, and it made a commit-ment to addressing the mandatory spending programs as well. Had we actually enacted that budget, that Cooper-LaTourette budget today, we would be back at a balanced budget. Given the fact that we did overperform, we saw some Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac money come in, and we came in lower than we thought in terms of defi-cits. In fact, at one point here we got the deficit down to 352 B, which is still too high, but represented a 70 percent reduction from the nearly $1.5 trillion that we were at in 2010. That budget, I believe, ultimately, we are going to end up having to do that at some point anyway because staring at close to $20 trillion of debt, we can no longer sit and wait on a Na-poleonic-style battle that is going to ultimately clear the field and allow for one party to implement everything that they want on the budget. We now are going to have unified government, and I am looking forward and excited about those prospects. But we still have issues where we need to get support. There are votes that are needed in the Senate, thresholds that have to be met. So, ultimately, I think that that Cooper-LaTourette budget will come back, and I hope that we can get this done for our Nation. I want to thank Steve for his leadership for that. The second point was actually an in-teresting one, a little bit tough to go through, but I am better for it. This was also in 2011. I saw Steve, and everybody knows the incredible sense of humor, the dry, rapier-like wit that Steve can have. I saw Steve one day, around noon or so, and he said: G
IBSON , yesterday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.055 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6147 November 14, 2016 
Yeah, Steve. He goes: You were in the chair. You were acting Speaker. Yeah, yeah, I was. He goes: That jacket, don’t ever wear that jacket again. And I am thinking, okay, I was an Army guy, you know. For the time I was on Active Duty, okay, true, we would get up in the morning and say: I think I will wear something green today, you know. And that did make life easier. But I thought, you know, I have got pretty good taste in clothing. b2115 So I went back to my staff, and I said: Steve LaTourette seemed pretty serious. He said, ‘‘Don’t ever wear that jacket again.’’ They said: Well, why don’t you do this? How do you feel about it? I said that I kind of like it. They said: Why don’t you watch it? Why don’t we bring it up? So here is my staff all standing around the computer. We bring it up, and all of a sudden I said: Oh, man, what was I thinking? I never wore that jacket again, Steve. I want you to know that. I am going to be donating this jacket to the Library of Congress in honor of Steve LaTourette’s incredible taste and my lack thereof. I do want to show it, though, one final time for the R
ECORD . Somehow, I think it just looks worse on TV than it does when I actually look at it. Steve, thank you. God bless you. You were an incredible role model for me, a great friend, an amazing husband and father, and you are missed every day in these Halls. God bless you. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I say to Congressman G
IBSON , as usual, Steve LaTourette was right, although I think it is a fine jacket. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding. I thank him for leading this hour this evening. It is entirely appropriate that we gather this evening and remember our friend, Steve LaTourette. Steve was a friend, and you know what they say about friends in Wash-ington, but Steve was a friend. I ar-rived here in 2003 and had never served in a legislative body before. I was on Steve’s subcommittee, on one of the Transportation and Infrastructure sub-committees, and I will never forget how he ran his subcommittee. It was so even, so evenhanded, no partisanship. I try to carry that with me today, even now, 14 years later, in other sub-committees where the subject matter can get a little bit more contentious, just remembering the respect with which he treated Members of both sides of the dais. It was almost as if Steve didn’t even have a dog in the fight, as we say back in Texas, but of course he did. Steve would give you the shirt off his back. I got kind of put in a tight spot. I needed a speaker for a transportation summit I was doing back in Texas—I mean in Denton, Texas, for crying out loud. Nobody in Ohio even knows where that is. This was in 2012. He had actu-ally had his last election. He wasn’t coming back. But I implored upon him: Steve, you have got such a great trans-portation mind, come and talk to the leaders in transportation in Denton, Texas. He didn’t hesitate. He did it. Steve taught me something that day. He got to Ronald Reagan Airport with-out his wallet. You actually can get on a flight in the United States of Amer-ica without an ID. I guess it helps hav-ing been a subcommittee chairman on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and perhaps an appropri-ator in the transportation area. But I was so worried when I got word that Steve had gotten to the airport with-out his wallet that he wouldn’t be able to make it down to Dallas/Fort Worth, but indeed he did. He gave a great pres-entation. People still talk about it today. Steve did have that wit. He had that wit that we all experienced at one time or another. He had a way of really bringing you back to earth with his turn of phrase and with his humor. Steve, we do miss you. The fact that there is a recalcitrant cancer out there that can still claim the lives that it does is something this body should focus on. That is something this body should work on. We can do that. We have had legislation, really, for a year and a half to try to improve and speed those discoveries. It is held up over in the Senate right now. I am still opti-mistic we can get it back over here to the House and get it done this year, get it done before this term ends. I would like to do that for Steve. What a great friend. We miss you. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CHABOT . Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. B
URGESS . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from the great State of Ohio. This is an opportunity that is bitter-sweet for me and bittersweet for the American people to be able to honor somebody that I got to know as a friend and never had a chance to serve with in this great institution, but somebody who cared about the issues that were important to governing this country and governing America. America, the greatest country in the history of the world, has been served by public servants like Steve LaTou-rette for hundreds of years, but not many were like Steve LaTourette. Steve was somebody who focused on how we actually bring both sides of this institution together to move poli-cies forward that are going to benefit every single American. His work on transportation and infrastructure was part of the reason why I sought a seat on the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee when I got to Congress in 2013. Getting a chance to know Steve through his efforts at the Main Street Republican Committee and getting to know Steve through many friends that I got to know in the great State of Ohio proved to me what I had heard about Steve for the years before I got here: that he is somebody who actually wants to make America the greatest country in the history of the world. Steve LaTourette was somebody whom I looked up to. Steve LaTourette was somebody that America should look up to. Steve, I know you are looking down upon all of us, and especially your fam-ily, but I want you to know that what you did and the difference you made in this great institution will never be for-gotten. You are an institution yourself, and your family and history will show all of us and this great country that. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I know that we are rapidly approaching that time in which our time has lapsed for this Special Order here, and I think it is fitting that we had Members from both sides of the aisle who came to give a testament to how much Congressman Steve LaTourette meant to this insti-tution—to the House of Representa-tives—that he loved so much. I know personally that Speaker John Boehner depended on Steve LaTou-rette. They were friends, but I know that Speaker Boehner relied upon Steve LaTourette in a lot of the tough decisions that one has to make as Speaker of the House of Representa-tives. That is something that wasn’t necessarily known to the public, but I think it is important that his family know that—Jennifer, his wife; Emma, Henry, and all his children, his whole family. I know they know this, but it is important that they realize how impor-tant Congressman LaTourette was to this institution and how much he meant to us. It was also mentioned by some of our colleagues the rapier wit that he had. I had heard the term ‘‘knuckleheads’’ be-fore—I probably called people that be-fore and maybe was called that my-self—but I had never heard the term ‘‘chuckleheads’’ before. That was some-thing that Steve called some Members of this institution with whom he dis-agreed. I always thought that that was kind of humorous and something that will live in the annals of this institu-tion. I would also be remiss if I didn’t men-tion there were a number of Members on both sides of the aisle that wanted to be with us this evening but who had other things that they just couldn’t get done with. We are back in session. We just, obviously, had a national election and this is the first time that Congress has been back in session since that election, so there are a lot of things happening all over the Hill this evening. I know that, for example, Con-gressman J
IMRENACCI and Congress-man S
TEVE STIVERS , among others, have put written speeches in the R
ECORD which will appear along with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.056 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6148 November 14, 2016 
the speeches that we have heard here this evening. Let me just conclude by letting the family know, Jennifer and the kids, that Steve LaTourette will be long re-membered in this institution. He will really be missed. He is one who really made a difference, and he is somebody that I am honored to say that I was able to serve in the United States House of Representatives with, our friend, our colleague, Congressman Steve LaTourette. God bless him. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a dear friend and highly respected colleague, the Honorable Steve LaTourette. He left us too soon, and will never be forgot-ten. It is an honor for me to speak about Steve. To the LaTourette Family—Sara, Scott, Grandson Matthew, Emma, Henry, and Jen-nifer—we share in your great sorrow for some-one we all knew and loved. Your brother, your father, your husband, and our friend and col-league brought us joy. Yesterday I was on a plane flying to Wash-ington, D.C. I sat next to a nice, young woman. We exchanged pleasantries and then kept to ourselves. I started to rework my re-marks for today, and I was going at it pretty intensely—write, scratch, write—and at one point, I stopped, and the woman asked me what I was working on so hard. I told her it was a eulogy for a good friend’s funeral, and that I had never delivered a eulogy before. She said she was sorry to hear of my loss. I went back to writing and she went back to her iPad. Several minutes later, I paused again to look out the window. At that point, I could feel this overwhelming emotion welling up inside of me. I had no outward sign of emotion—no tears, no noise—just strong inter-nal emotion; that lump in your throat. At that point, without saying a word, the young woman put her hand on my shoulder and squeezed it a few times. I turned to her and said thanks. She told me it would be okay. I turned to look out the window again and thought to myself, ‘‘that must have been Steve’s doing,’’—a simple act of kindness to reassure a friend. I was 30,000 feet in the air, closer to Heaven, where I know Steve is but the more I thought about it, I changed my con-clusion. And it brought a smile to my face. The same smile Steve always brought to my face. It wasn’t that I was close to Heaven and that Steve’s spirit was with me. It was because I was on a mode of transportation. It wouldn’t have mattered which mode—plane, train, car, bus, or boat—Steve’s spirit would have been with me because we shared that interest and passion. Whenever I work on these issues, Steve’s spirit will always be with me. Steve was a great friend, a dear friend. But he was also a mentor to me, both in Congress and in life. He was bright, compassionate, and hardworking. He was someone you could count on, and he was funny. That humor often carried the day, in good times, intense times, and bad times. He could always light up the room with his wit and humor. I first learned about Steve from my father, who served with Steve. During my first term in Congress in 2001, I asked my father which members I could look to for good, sound ad-vice. He gave me four to five names but the first name was Steve LaTourette. He said, ‘‘You can trust Steve. You may not always agree on the issue but he will always shoot straight.’’ Steve was a member’s member. He cared about the people he worked with and the insti-tution. He also cared deeply about finding so-lutions, which always had him working in a bi-partisan manner. He would reach across the aisle to find a path forward. My father gave me a piece of advice for serving in Congress: You must learn the rules of the institution, become an expert on an issue, and keep your word. Steve excelled at all three. First, learn the rules. Few if any members knew the rules of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives and Congress better than Steve. You could watch him in action when he was in the chair, presiding over the chamber during debate. He was in the chair frequently, and especially when a bill or debate was expected to be challenging. Steve was given those as-signments because his knowledge of the rules. He was always able to act quickly and forcefully because of his knowledge. Second, become an expert on an issue. Steve demonstrated his expertise on financial services issues time and time again. In debate or verbal combat with another highly intelligent legislator, Barney Frank, it was always edu-cational and insightful. Few could go toe-to-toe with Barney but Steve was one. And on trans-portation and infrastructure issues, Steve’s knowledge was always impressive. It didn’t matter the mode of transportation, whether it was highway transit, railroad, aviation, mari-time, or even public buildings, Steve knew his stuff. Transportation and infrastructure issues were where his heart really was. That was for-tunate for me because he taught me so much. Finally, keep your word. Steve’s word was always solid. Regardless of if you were on the same side of an issue or he opposed you, you could count on his word. But if you opposed him, it could be a very, very long day. In Con-gress, your word is critical to success. It is the coin of the realm, and Steve LaTourette’s word was gold. As I thought about what to say today, I thought what I might have said to Steve if we had exchanged places on the last day I saw him—me in bed and he by my bedside. It was the Friday before the GOP Convention in his beloved Cleveland. What came to me was the final scene from one of my favorite movies, The Outsiders. Johnny was in a hospital and beside was his friend, Ponyboy. Throughout the movie, they referred to the Robert Frost poem, ‘‘Nothing Gold can Stay.’’ At that point in the movie, Johnny whispers into his friend’s ear, ‘‘Stay gold, Ponyboy . . . stay gold.’’ Steve LaTourette was gold and will forever be gold. Steve, we love you, and you will be missed, my friend. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I join my fellow Ohioans and colleagues in recognizing the life and work of Steve LaTourette, a good friend and an outstanding public servant. Steve served nine terms in Congress. Though they say Washington changes you, he remained extremely thoughtful and completely authentic throughout his tenure. And regard-less of the circumstances, Steve always did what he thought was the right thing. He came to Congress after serving as a public defender and Lake County prosecutor. He knew the law inside and out and could argue a point passionately, but he also had a great sense of humor. In fact, during his first term, he famously de-livered a speech written by humorist Dave Barry on the House floor, poking fun at his chosen profession: ‘‘The vast majority of law-yers . . .’’ he read ‘‘. . . are responsible pro-fessionals as well as, in many ways, human beings.’’ Steve LaTourette was a great human being. Though Cancer took him away from us way too soon, he leaves a legacy of service that has had a tremendous impact on his family, his colleagues, and especially, for Northeast Ohio. My thoughts and prayers are with Jennifer and the entire LaTourette family. I know Steve was looking down proudly as his daughter Sarah was elected to a leadership position in the Ohio House of Representatives this month. There is no question that Steve lives on through his children and through each one of us who had the pleasure of knowing and working with him. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the life and service of United States Congressman Steve LaTourette. As a colleague, Congress-man LaTourette was many things at once— formidable, smart, and considerate. Whatever the context, whether an argument or an agree-ment, he remained open-minded and friendly, always paying attention to his constituents and their needs, while adapting in a changing polit-ical climate, and remaining keenly himself. This delicate balancing act is why Steve was so admired and will remain forever respected. It is a shame that the horrific disease of pan-creatic cancer cut his life short, but that fact will never outweigh the richness of his life. Congressman LaTourette was an Ohio man through and through. After graduating from the University of Michigan, he returned to the state he loved to study law at Cleveland-State University. His life-long career in politics began when he was elected County Pros-ecutor of Lake County, Ohio. In this capacity, he prosecuted the famous Kirtland mass mur-ders. His desire to serve urged him to run for and win a seat in Congress representing his 19th Congressional District in 1994. Congressman LaTourette’s career spanned from 1995 until 2013, when he retired. In this time, he was known as a strong presence on the House Appropriations Committee. But more than anything else, he was known as a bright and independent mind that was com-mitted to serving his constituents in Ohio. I was sad to see him retire, and now I am sad to see him leave this earth. Mr. Speaker, Congressman LaTourette was a great United States Representative but an ever better man. May this C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD show he will be forever loved and never forgotten. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of former Congressman Steve LaTourette from Ohio who passed away in Au-gust. I had the pleasure of serving with Steve throughout his time in the House and worked closely with him while we both sat on the Transportation Committee. Steve was a great legislator, and I admired his relentless dedica-tion to cutting through the gridlock that often plagues D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.057 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6149 November 14, 2016 
After leaving the House, Steve continued to be a voice of reason as he led the Republican Main Street Partnership. Steve’s profound un-derstanding of Congress as an institution and the dynamics we face as members will be missed. Steve was a fine soul. He was never without a smile on his face, and I always enjoyed his rapier wit. I am glad to have counted him a friend. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of the late Congressman Steven LaTourette. Congressman LaTourette was a dedicated public servant and talented legislator . . . who understood the value of compromise and the importance of finding common ground. During his eighteen years serving the peo-ple of Ohio in the House of Representatives . . . Congressman LaTourette carried himself with humor . . . and always stayed true to who he was. He was a friend to many . . . and always was willing to reach across the aisle to get things done on behalf of his con-stituents. We should all follow the example of prin-cipled legislators like Congressman LaTou-rette. I wish his family well during this difficult time . . . and am grateful to have the opportunity to honor his legacy with my fellow colleagues. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, it is with sadness that I ask for Unanimous Consent to address the House for the purpose of a one-minute speech to honor the life of former Ohio Rep-resentative Steve LaTourette—who we lost too soon earlier this year. Steve LaTourette served this body well for 18 years and was known around the People’s House as someone who worked hard, knew the rules of this institution, and always had a hand reaching across the aisle because he was dedicated to governing, and getting things done. Steve was also well-renowned for his quick wit. But most of all, Steve was a humble public servant, dedicated to the craft of gov-erning. He loved the nitty gritty of getting com-mon-sense legislation through the pipeline and into law. Now, most folks know that I am a pas-sionate Michigan Wolverine fan, and even though Steve hailed from Ohio, he was a pret-ty smart guy evidenced by his degree from the University of Michigan. Steve and I were bud-dies and caught many games together through the years in Ann Arbor. In fact, Steve was one of my very dear friends. When Steve first got elected in 1994, we sensed a kindred spirit in one another and quickly teamed up on a host of issues important to our Midwest commu-nities. His passionate work on behalf of the Great Lakes and environmental issues was particu-larly impressive. And the Republican Main Street Partnership was better for his tireless leadership and ad-vocacy. He knew his neck of the woods in Ohio bet-ter than anyone, and worked hard as a fear-less advocate for their needs. And with Steve, you always knew where you stood. He was a straight shooter, and no matter how difficult the topic, he was always honest. This body lost a great man when he retired. His wife Jennifer, and his six children, lost a great man with his untimely passing. Today, we stand together in remembering Steve LaTourette. We remember his passion, his grace, his humor, and his mantra of bipar-tisanship that—now more than ever—should be part of the fabric of this great institution. 
f 
EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION , Washington, DC, October 21, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 676 of the 113th Congress, as continued by section 3(f)(2) of H. Res. 5 of the 114th Congress, I write with the following en-closure which is a statement of the aggre-gate amount expended on outside counsel and other experts on any civil action author-ized by H. Res. 676. Sincerely, C
ANDICE S. M ILLER , Chairman, Committee on House Administration. 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL OR OTHER EXPERTS 
(H. Res. 676) 
July 1–September 30, 2014 ............................... $0.00 October 1–December 31, 2014 .......................... 42,875.00 January 1–March 31, 2015 ............................... 50,000.00 April 1, 2015–June 30, 2015 ............................ 29,915.00 July 1–September 30, 2015 ............................... 21,000.00 October 1–December 31, 2015 .......................... 45,707.67 January 1–March 31, 2016 ............................... 15,124.00 April 1–June 30, 2016 ....................................... 0.00 July 1–September 30, 2016 ............................... 0.00 
Total: ......................................................... $204,621.67 
f 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
July 6, 2016: H.R. 3114. An Act to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preser-vation activities, and for other purposes. July 15, 2016: H.R. 636. An Act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. H.R. 3766. An Act to direct the President to establish guidelines for covered United States foreign assistance programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 4372. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York. as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. H.R. 4960. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. July 22, 2016: H.R. 4875. An Act to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 5588. An Act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates of compensa-tion for veterans with service-connected dis-abilities and the rates of dependency and in-demnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. July 29, 2016: H.R. 2607. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3700. An Act to provide housing oppor-tunities in the United States through mod-ernization of various housing Programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3931. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite lA in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. H.R. 3953. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4010. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Ari-zona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’. H.R. 4425. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. H.R. 4747. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4761. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 4777. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 4877. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gam-ble, USMC Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4904. An Act to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of soft-ware licenses, and for other purposes. H.R. 4925. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay. Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memo-rial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4975. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha. Ne-braska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4987. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ’Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. H.R. 5028. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michi-gan, as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5722. An Act to establish the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission. September 23, 2016: H.R. 3969. An Act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. September 29, 2016: H.R. 2615. An Act to establish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Com-mission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.039 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6150 November 14, 2016 
H.R. 5252. An Act to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tortilla Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serra Port of Entry’’. H.R. 5325. An Act making continuing ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 5936. An Act to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to enter into cer-tain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los An-geles California, to make certain improve-ments to the enhanced-use lease authority of the Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 5937. An Act to amend title de, United States Code, to authorize the American Bat-tle Monuments Commission to acquire, oper-ate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Coquette, France, and for other purposes. H.R. 5985. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
July 15, 2016: S. 2845. An Act to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014. July 20, 2016: S. 1252. An Act to authorize a comprehen-sive strategic approach for United States for-eign assistance to developing countries to re-duce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, espe-cially for women and children, build resil-ience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes. July 22, 2016: S. 524. An Act to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use crisis, and for other purposes. S. 2840. An Act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes. July 29, 2016: S. 764. An Act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. S. 2893. An Act to reauthorize the sound re-cording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other pur-poses. S. 3055. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and depend-ents of veterans. S. 3207. An Act to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats. September 23, 2016: S. 1579. An Act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordina-tion and collaboration between Federal tour-ism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. September 30, 2016: S. 1878. An Act to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and the bal-ance of the week on account of per-sonal reasons. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2959. An act to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2733. An act to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes. H.R. 3004. An act to amend the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Corridor Commission. H.R. 3937. An act to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse lo-cated at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 5147. An act to amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public buildings to be equipped with baby changing facilities. H.R. 5325. An act making continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 5578. An act to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes. H.R. 5883. An act to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties re-lating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes. H.R. 5944. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances, and for other purposes. H.R. 5946. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or award won in competi-tions in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. f 
STATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature on Thursday, September 29, 2016, to en-rolled bills of the Senate of the fol-lowing titles: 
S. 246. An act to establish the Alyce Spot-ted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes. S. 3283. An act to designate the commu-nity-based outpatient clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 28, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: H.R. 1475. To authorize a Wall of Remem-brance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private con-tributions to fund that Wall of Remem-brance. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on September 29, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 5325. Making continuing appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 2494. To support global anti-poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, des-ignate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on October 3, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 5946. To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. H.R. 2733. To require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes. H.R. 5944. To amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assur-ances, and for other purposes. H.R. 3004. To amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the author-ization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Her-itage Corridor Commission. H.R. 3937. To designate the building uti-lized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 5147. To amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public build-ings to be equipped with baby changing fa-cilities. H.R. 5883. To amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties re-lating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes. H.R. 5578. To establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Tuesday, November 15, 2016, at noon. 
f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.050 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6151 November 14, 2016 
‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 114th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: C
OLLEEN HANABUSA , First District of Hawaii. J
AMES COMER , First District of Ken-tucky. D
WIGHT EVANS , Second District of Pennsylvania. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and third quarters of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO SOUTH AFRICA, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 15 AND JULY 21, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Katherine Meyer ....................................................... 7 /15 7 /21 South Africa ................................. ......... .................... 365 .................... 19,869.16 .................... 1,148.75 .................... 21,382.91 Martin Reiser ........................................................... 7 /15 7 /21 South Africa ............................... ........... .................... 365 .................... 19,869.16 .................... 1,148.75 .................... 21,382.91 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 730 .................... 39,738.32 .................... 2,297.50 .................... 42 ,765.82 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. KATHERINE MEYER, Sept. 26, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE UNITED KINGDOM, NORWAY, AND ITALY, EXPENDED BETWEEN AUG. 28 AND SEPT. 4, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Kevin McCarthy ............................................... 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom ................................... . .................... 1,595.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom ................................... . .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Hon. Peter Welch ..................................................... 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Hon. Mimi Walters ................................................... 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Hon. Rodney Davis .................................................. 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom .................................. .. .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Natalie Buchanan .................................................... 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Barrett Karr ............................................................. 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom ............................ ........ .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Jeff Dressler ............................................................. 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom ........................... ......... .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Dr. Brian Monahan .................................................. 8 /29 8 /31 United Kingdom .................................. .. .................... 1,595.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,595.00 Hon. Kevin McCarthy ............................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Norway ............................................ ...... .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Norway ............................................ ...... .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Hon. Peter Welch ..................................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Norway ......................................... ......... .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Norway ......................................... ......... .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Hon. Mimi Walters ................................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Norway .......................................... ........ .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Hon. Rodney Davis .................................................. 8 /31 9 /1 Norway ........................................... ....... .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 8 /31 9 /1 Norway ............................................. ..... .................... 374.00 .................... $7,068.00 .................... .................... .................... 7,442 .00 Natalie Buchanan .................................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Norway .......................................... ........ .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Barrett Karr ............................................................. 8 /31 9 /1 Norway ..................................... ............. .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Jeff Dressler ............................................................. 8 /31 9 /1 Norway .................................... .............. .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Dr. Brian Monahan .................................................. 8 /31 9 /1 Norway ........................................... ....... .................... 374.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 374.00 Hon. Kevin McCarthy ............................................... 9 /1 9 /4 Italy .............................................. ......... .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 9 /1 9 /4 Italy .............................................. ......... .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Hon. Peter Welch ..................................................... 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ........................................... ............ .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ........................................... ............ .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Hon. Mimi Walters ................................................... 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ............................................ ........... .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Hon. Rodney Davis .................................................. 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ............................................. .......... .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ............................................... ........ .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Natalie Buchanan .................................................... 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ............................................ ........... .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Barrett Karr ............................................................. 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ....................................... ................ .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Jeff Dressler ............................................................. 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ...................................... ................. .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 Dr. Brian Monahan .................................................. 9 /1 9 /4 Italy ............................................. .......... .................... 1,460.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,460.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 36,124.00 .................... 7,068.00 .................... .................... ...... .............. 43,192.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. Hon. KEVIN M
CCARTHY, Oct. 4, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO JAPAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN SEPT. 1 AND SEPT. 4, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Edward R. Royce ............................................. 9 /1 9 /4 Japan ............................................... ..... .................... 1,410.42 .................... 3,087.36 .................... .................... .................... 4,49 7.78 Thomas P. Sheehy ................................................... 9 /1 9 /4 Japan ............................................. ....... .................... 1,345.42 .................... 3,523.36 .................... .................... .................... 4, 868.78 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,755.84 .................... 6,610.72 .................... .................... ....... ............. 9,366.56 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Oct. 26, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.049 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6152 November 14, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1  AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
BG Wright ................................................................ 6 /26 6 /28 Estonia ................................... ............... .................... 317.75 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 6 /28 6 /29 Latvia .................................................... .................... 258.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... 6 /29 7 /1 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 164.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,858.36 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 441.84 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Cornell Teague ......................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ...................................... .............. .................... 342.75 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 6 /29 7 /1 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 255.64 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,065.96 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 424.06 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Becky Leggieri ................................................ 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ............................................... ..... .................... 342.75 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 6 /29 7 /1 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 255.64 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,065.96 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 368.41 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Megan Milam ........................................................... 6 /26 6 /28 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 405.78 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 6 /28 7 /1 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 725.53 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,284.25 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 776.03 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Collin Lee ................................................................. 6 /26 6 /28 Belgium ................................. ............... .................... 405.78 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 6 /28 7 /1 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 725.53 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,284.25 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 810.94 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Hon. Barbara Lee .................................................... 7 /17 7 /22 Durban ......................................... ......... .................... 706.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 44.18 .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,788.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Donna Shahbaz ....................................................... 7 /17 7 /27 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 3,543.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,187.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi & train .................................................... ............. ................. ................................. .............................. .................... .................... .................... 847.40 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... Dale Oak .................................................................. 7 /17 7 /27 United Kingdom ........................... ......... .................... 3,547.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,713.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi & train .................................................... ............. ................. ................................. .............................. .................... .................... .................... 814.53 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... Perry Yates .............................................................. 7 /17 7 /27 United Kingdom ............................ ........ .................... 3,550.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,187.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi & train .................................................... ............. ................. ................................. .............................. .................... .................... .................... 848.84 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... Taunja Berquan ....................................................... 7 /17 7 /27 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 3,523.52 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,187.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi ................................................................. ............. ................. ............................ ................................... .................... .................... .................... 789.85 .................... .....
............... .................... .................... Hon. Rodney Frelinghuysen ..................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Qatar ................................................ ..... .................... 777.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 7 /17 7 /17 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /18 7 /20 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 396.33 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /20 7 /20 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 15.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /20 7 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,414.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Embassy air transportation ............................ ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,725.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 347.96 .................... .................... Susan Adams .......................................................... 7 /20 7 /27 Rwanda ........................................ ......... .................... 1,762.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,402.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 837.75 .................... .................... Betsy Bina ............................................................... 7 /20 7 /27 Rwanda .................................... ............. .................... 1,762.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,402.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 837.75 .................... .................... Tom O’Brien ............................................................. 7 /24 7 /26 Chile ...................................... ............... .................... 1,091.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 7 /27 7 /29 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,313.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,106.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 343.00 .................... .................... Andrew Cooper ......................................................... 7 /24 7 /26 Chile ........................................ ............. .................... 1,091.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 7 /27 7 /29 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,313.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,106.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 343.00 .................... .................... Elizabeth King ......................................................... 7 /24 7 /26 Chile ....................................... .............. .................... 1,091.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 7 /27 7 /29 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,313.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,106.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 343.00 .................... .................... Hon. Harold Rogers ................................................. 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ........................................... ......... .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ......................................... ........... .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... Hon. John Carter ...................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ........................................ ............ .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 ....
................ .................... Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 7 /29 7 /31 Spain .......................................... .......... .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... Hon. Steve Womack ................................................. 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ............................................ ........ .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... Hon. Evan Jenkins ................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Spain .......................................... .......... .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... William Smith .......................................................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ........................................ ............... .................... 1,799.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 833.40 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,273.73 .................... 846.27 .... ................ ....................
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6153 November 14, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continu- ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Ann Marie Chotvacs ................................................ 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ............................................ ........ .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... Rebecca Leggieri ..................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ......................................... ........... .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... BG Wright ................................................................ 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ..................................... ............... .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... Jennifer Hing ........................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ...................................... .............. .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... Matt Leffingwell ...................................................... 7 /29 7 /31 Spain ........................................ ............ .................... 507.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 7 /31 8 /4 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,799.49 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /4 8 /7 Ireland .................................................. .................... 1,489.47 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.52 .................... 882.70 .... ................ .................... Cornell Teague ......................................................... 8 /7 8 /10 Norway ....................................... ........... .................... 557.63 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 193.87 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 5,801.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Chris Bigelow .......................................................... 8 /7 8 /10 Norway ....................................... ........... .................... 543.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 178.00 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 5,801.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Hon. Andy Harris ..................................................... 8 /24 8 /30 Italy ......................................... .............. .................... 1,081.63 .................... .................... .................... 296.05 ................. ... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,816.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Hon. Charles Dent ................................................... 8 /12 8 /14 Morocco ........................................ ......... .................... 501.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 8 /14 8 /15 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 389.89 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /15 8 /17 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 737.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /17 8 /18 Estonia .................................................. .................... 235.49 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /18 8 /19 Iceland .................................................. .................... 383.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... Returned per diem ......................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... ¥31.33 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 18.82 .................... .................... James Kulikowski ..................................................... 8 /1 8 /6 Ukraine ......................................... ........ .................... 1,604.72 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 8 /6 8 /9 Georgia ................................................. .................... 1,020.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 795.74 .................... .................... Train & rental car .......................................... ............. ................. .....................................
.......................... .................... .................... .................... 292.59 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,076.71 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Shalanda Young ...................................................... 8 /1 8 /6 Ukraine .......................................... ....... .................... 1,604.72 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 8 /6 8 /9 Georgia ................................................. .................... 1,020.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 795.74 .................... .................... Train & rental car .......................................... ............. ................. ..................................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 292.59 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,279.46 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... David Bortnick ......................................................... 8 /1 8 /6 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 1,604.72 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 8 /6 8 /9 Georgia ................................................. .................... 1,020.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 795.74 .................... .................... Train & rental car .......................................... ............. ................. ..................................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 292.59 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,925.46 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Hon. Kay Granger .................................................... 8 /14 8 /16 Latvia ......................................... ........... .................... 412.19 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 8 /16 8 /17 Germany ................................................ .................... 268.63 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /17 8 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 859.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /19 8 /19 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 78.75 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 134.38 .................... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 299.87 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,382.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Hon. Steve Womack ................................................. 8 /14 8 /16 Latvia ........................................... ......... .................... 412.19 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 8 /16 8 /17 Germany ................................................ .................... 268.63 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /17 8 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 859.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /19 8 /19 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 78.75 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 134.38 .................... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 256.66 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,454.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Rob Blair ................................................................. 8 /14 8 /16 Latvia ................................... ................. .................... 412.19 .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 8 /16 8 /17 Germany ................................................ .................... 268.63 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /17 8 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 859.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /19 8 /19 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 78.75 .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 134.38 .................... .................... Taxi & embassy transportation ...................... ............. ................. .............................................. ................. .................... .................... .................... 227.07 .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,820.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Hon. Robert Aderholt ............................................... 7 /29 8 /2 Haiti ............................................ .......... .................... 778.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,294.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Hon. Jeff Fortenberry ............................................... ............. ................. Egypt ........................ ............................. .................... 534.01 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... ............. ................. Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,098.70 ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation costs ............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,522.84 .................... ....................
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,382.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... $95,590.99 .................... $256,401.42 .................... $20,280.68 ........... ......... $372,273.09 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. HAROLD ROGERS, Chairman, Oct. 28, 2016. 
(AMENDMENT) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BET WEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Tom Price ........................................................ 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines ................................... ......... .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,631.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,631.00 Hon. Ted Lieu .......................................................... 5 /29 6 /2 Taiwan ....................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 6 /2 6 /5 South Korea .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 842.14 ....... ............. 2,838.66 .................... .................... .................... 3,680.80 Hon. Alex Mooney ..................................................... 6 /24 6 /30 Jordan ........................................ ........... .................... 699.00 .................... 24,443.92 .................... .................... ................... . 25,142.92 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 3,777.98 .................... 27,280.58 .................... .................... ...... .............. 30,790.56 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6154 November 14, 2016 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. TOM PRICE, Chairman, Nov. 3, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Marlin Stutzman ............................................. 7 /15 7 /16 Azores ............................................ ....... .................... 61.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 926.00 7 /17 7 /17 Israel ..................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /18 7 /19 Jordan ................................................... .................... 282.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /20 7 /20 Georgia ................................................. .................... 105.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /21 7 /21 Romania ............................................... .................... 90.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /22 7 /22 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 250.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Bruce Westerman ............................................ 7 /15 7 /16 Azores ............................................. ...... .................... 61.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 926.00 7 /17 7 /17 Israel ..................................................... .................... 138.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /18 7 /19 Jordan ................................................... .................... 282.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /20 7 /20 Georgia ................................................. .................... 105.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /21 7 /21 Romania ............................................... .................... 90.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /21 7 /22 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 250.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,913.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,852.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. TOM PRICE, Chairman, Sept. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per Diem** Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency* U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Hon. Fred Upton ...................................................... 6 /26 6 /28 Japan ......................................... ........... .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... 7,223.72 .................... 7,810.65 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... (3) .................... 5,210.60 .................... 5,716.77 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... (3) .................... 5,489.02 .................... 6,043.02 Hon. Ed Whitfield .................................................... 6 /26 6 /28 Japan ......................................... ........... .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 6 /26 6 /28 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Hon. Greg Walden .................................................... 6 /26 6 /28 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Hon. Pete Olson ....................................................... 6 /26 6 /28 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Hon. Morgan Griffith ............................................... 6 /26 6 /28 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Thomas Hassenboehler ............................................ 6 /26 6 /28 Japan .............................................. ...... .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Tim Pataki ............................................................... 6 /26 6 /28 Japan ..................................... ............... .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Theresa Gambo ........................................................ 6 /26 6 /28 Japan ......................................... ........... .................... 586.93 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Jeff Carroll ............................................................... 6 /26 6 /28 Japan ................................... ................. .................... 586.93 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 586.93 6 /28 6 /30 China .................................................... .................... 506.17 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 506.17 6 /30 7 /2 South Korea .......................................... .................... 554.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 554.00 Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 6 /30 7 /4 Georgia ............................................ ..... .................... 896.67 .................... 3,640.50 .................... .................... .................... 4,537. 17 7 /4 7 /5 Italy ....................................................... .................... 634.28 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 634.28 Ben Lieberman ........................................................ 7 /18 7 /24 Austria ....................................... ........... .................... 2,221.55 .................... 13,151.96 .................... .................... ................. ... 15,373.51 Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 7 /28 7 /30 Germany ........................................... ..... .................... 589.75 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 589.75 7 /30 8 /2 Sweden ................................................. .................... 813.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 813.00 8 /2 8 /5 Slovakia ................................................ .................... 511.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 511.00 Peter Spencer .......................................................... 7 /31 8 /2 Lithuania .................................... .......... .................... 642.67 .................... 8,597.16 .................... .................... .................... 9 ,239.83 8 /3 8 /6 Georgia ................................................. .................... 1,115.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 695.62 .................... 1,810.62 John Ohly ................................................................. 7 /31 8 /2 Lithuania ................................. ............. .................... 642.67 .................... 7,819.06 .................... .................... .................. .. 8,461.73 8 /3 8 /16 Georgia ................................................. .................... 1,115.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,115.00 Christopher Knauer .................................................. 7 /31 8 /2 Lithuania ....................................... ....... .................... 642.67 .................... 7,739.06 .................... .................... .................... 8,38 1.73 8 /3 8 /16 Georgia ................................................. .................... 1,115.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,115.00 Hon. Joseph Pitts ..................................................... 8 /6 8 /8 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 936.00 .................... (
3) .................... 19,027.12 .................... 19,963.12 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... 3,446.50 .................... 4,157.32 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 784.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... 8,591.34 .................... 9,375.34 Hon. Marsha Blackburn ........................................... 8 /6 8 /8 Israel ............................................... ...... .................... 936.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 936.00 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 784.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 784.00 Hon. Robert Latta .................................................... 8 /6 8 /8 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 660.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 660.00 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 428.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 428.82 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 510.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 510.00 Hon. Bill Flores ........................................................ 8 /6 8 /8 Israel ....................................... .............. .................... 936.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 936.00 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 784.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 784.00 Hon. Larry Bucshon ................................................. 8 /6 8 /8 Israel ............................................ ......... .................... 936.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 936.00 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 784.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 784.00 Hon. Gene Green ...................................................... 8 /6 8 /8 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 936.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 936.00 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 784.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 784.00 Heidi Stirrup ............................................................ 8 /6 8 /8 Israel ...................................... ............... .................... 936.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 936.00 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 784.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 784.00 Karen Christian ....................................................... 8 /6 8 /8 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 936.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 936.00 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 784.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 784.00 Andrew Souvall ........................................................ 8 /6 8 /8 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 936.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 936.00 8 /8 8 /10 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 710.82 8 /10 8 /12 Italy ....................................................... .................... 784.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 784.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 48,395.64 .................... 40,947.74 .................... 49,683.92 ............... ..... 139,087.30 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6155 November 14, 2016 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. FRED UPTON, Chairman, Oct. 28, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Tonia Smith ............................................................. 8 /16 8 /24 UK ......................................... ................ .................... 2,148.73 .................... 1,004.96 .................... .................... ............. ....... 3,153.69 8 /16 8 /24 Canada ................................................. .................... 450.26 .................... 482.94 ...... .............. .................... .................... 933.20 Tamar Nedzar .......................................................... 8 /16 8 /24 UK ........................................... .............. .................... 2,148.73 .................... 1,609.66 .................... 90.00 .................... 3,848.39 8 /16 8 /24 Canada ................................................. .................... 675.38 .................... 441.90 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.28 Karena Dees ........................................................... 8 /16 8 /24 UK ........................................... .............. .................... 2,148.73 .................... 1,609.66 .................... .................... ............... ..... 3,758.39 8 /16 8 /24 Canada ................................................. .................... 675.38 .................... 441.90 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.28 Patrick McMullen ................................................... 8 /16 8 /24 UK .............................................. ........... .................... 2,148.73 .................... 1,105.66 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,254.39 Nadia Konstantinova .............................................. 8 /16 8 /24 UK ................................................ ......... .................... 1,718.99 .................... 1,294.16 .................... 163.94 .................... 3,177.09 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 12,114.93 .................... 7,990.84 .................... 253.94 ................... . 20,359.71 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHARLES W. DENT, Chairman, Oct. 11, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Michael Fitzpatrick .......................................... 7 /1 7 /4 Georgia ............................................ ..... .................... 751.51 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 751.51 7 /4 7 /5 Italy ....................................................... .................... 552.06 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 552.06 Hon. David Schweikert ............................................ 7 /1 7 /4 Georgia ............................................. .... .................... 888.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 888.00 7 /4 7 /5 Italy ....................................................... .................... 579.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 579.98 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,771.55 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 2,771.55 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Ted Deutch ...................................................... 7 /17 7 /19 South Korea ................................... ....... .................... 670.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 670.98 7 /19 7 /20 Philippines ............................................ .................... 274.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 274.00 7 /20 7 /23 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,323.24 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,323.24 Casey Kustin ............................................................ 7 /17 7 /19 South Korea ................................ .......... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 7 /19 7 /20 Philippines ............................................ .................... 224.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 224.00 7 /20 7 /23 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,163.24 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,163.24 Thomas Alexander ................................................... 9 /26 9 /28 Bosnia-Herzegovina .............................. .................... 346.05 .................... 3,741.06 .................... .................... .................... 4,087.11 Leah Campos ........................................................... 9 /26 9 /28 Bosnia-Herzegovina ........................... ... .................... 346.05 .................... 3,741.06 .................... .................... .................... 4,087.11  Scott Cullinane ........................................................ 7 /31 8 /2 Uzbekistan ................................... ......... .................... 606.00 .................... 5,727.59 .................... .................... .................... 6, 333.59 8 /2 8 /6 Kyrgzstan .............................................. .................... 1,012.80 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,012.80 Philip Bednarczyk .................................................... 7 /31 8 /2 Uzbekistan ..................................... ....... .................... 618.00 .................... 5,727.59 .................... .................... .................... 6,34 5.59 8 /2 8 /6 Kyrgyzstan ............................................. .................... 1,027.80 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,027.80 Mark Iozzi ................................................................ 7 /31 8 /2 Uzbekistan ................................ ............ .................... 603.00 .................... 5,758.16 .................... .................... ................... . 6,361.16 8 /2 8 /6 Kyrgyzstan ............................................. .................... 1,017.80 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 1,017.80 Hon. Christopher Smith ........................................... 8 /26 8 /27 South Sudan ....................................... .. .................... 22.55 .................... 14,757.08 .................... .................... .................... 14,779.63  Gregory Simpkins ..................................................... 8 /26 8 /27 South Sudan ................................... ...... .................... 20.00 .................... 14,757.08 .................... .................... .................... 14,77 7.08 Hon. Dana Rohrabacher .......................................... 6 /25 6 /27 Egypt ............................................... ...... .................... 534.00 .................... 14,306.96 .................... .................... .................... 14,8 40.96 6 /27 6 /30 Jordan ................................................... .................... 1,060.56 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,060.56 6 /30 7 /2 Turkey ................................................... .................... 621.28 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 621.28 Paul Behrends ......................................................... 6 /25 6 /27 Egypt ........................................ ............. .................... 534.00 .................... 11,430.56 .................... .................... ................. ... 11,964.56 6 /27 6 /30 Jordan ................................................... .................... 1,060.56 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,060.56 6 /30 7 /2 Turkey ................................................... .................... 621.28 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 621.28 Philip Bednarczyk .................................................... 6 /25 6 /27 Egypt ......................................... ............ .................... 534.00 .................... 6,024.46 .................... .................... ................... . 6,558.46 6 /27 6 /30 Jordan ................................................... .................... 1,170.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,170.00 Hunter Strupp .......................................................... 8 /21 8 /26 Burma ....................................... ............ .................... 1,576.00 .................... 11,561.06 .................... .................... ................ .... 13,137.06 Joan Condon ............................................................ 8 /21 8 /26 Burma ....................................... ............ .................... 1,566.00 .................... 12,728.26 .................... .................... ................ .... 14,294.26 Sajit Gandhi ............................................................ 8 /21 8 /26 Burma ...................................... ............. .................... 1,571.00 .................... 11,561.15 .................... .................... ............... ..... 13,132.15 Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 8 /31 9 /2 Albania ...................................... ........... .................... 568.05 .................... 11,428.86 .................... .................... ................... . 11,996.91 9 /2 9 /6 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,816.44 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,816.44 Kyle Parker ............................................................... 8 /31 9 /2 Albania ................................... .............. .................... 568.05 .................... 4,272.96 .................... .................... ................. ... 4,841.01 9 /2 9 /6 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,816.44 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,816.44 Thomas Alexander ................................................... 8 /15 8 /17 Bosnia-Herzegovina .............................. .................... 360.58 .................... 4,004.86 .................... .................... .................... 4,365.44 8 /17 8 /19 Germany ................................................ .................... 655.61 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 655.61 Leah Campos ........................................................... 8 /15 8 /17 Bosnia-Herzegovina ........................... ... .................... 360.58 .................... 4,004.86 .................... .................... .................... 4,365.44  8 /17 8 /19 Germany ................................................ .................... 655.61 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 655.61 Hon. Karen Bass ...................................................... 8 /7 8 /10 Senegal ........................................ ......... .................... 675.46 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 675.46 8 /10 8 /12 Liberia ................................................... .................... 557.76 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 557.76 8 /12 8 /14 Nigeria .................................................. .................... 1,525.60 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,525.60 8 /15 8 /16 Spain .................................................... .................... 234.60 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 234.60 Hon. Jeff Duncan ..................................................... 7 /17 7 /20 Brazil ........................................ ............ .................... 1,147.46 .................... 1,976.99 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,124.45 Leah Campos ........................................................... 7 /17 7 /20 Brazil ....................................... ............. .................... 1,147.55 .................... 1,112.49 .................... .................... ................ .... 2,260.04 Gregory Simpkins ..................................................... 7 /17 7 /20 Burundi ....................................... .......... .................... 524.00 .................... 5,410.38 (*) .................... 1,170.42 7,104.80 7 /20 7 /23 Rwanda ................................................. .................... 840.00 .................... ............. ....... (*) .................... 172.62 1,012.62 Margot Sullivan ....................................................... 7 /17 7 /20 Burundi ...................................... ........... .................... 510.12 .................... 5,410.38 .................... .................... .................... 5,920.50 7 /20 7 /23 Rwanda ................................................. .................... 844.49 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 844.49 Lesley Warner .......................................................... 7 /17 7 /20 Burundi ..................................... ............ .................... 561.00 .................... 6,226.38 .................... .................... ................... . 6,787.38 7 /20 7 /23 Rwanda ................................................. .................... 555.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 555.50 Piero Tozzi ................................................................ 7 /30 8 /2 Haiti .................................... .................. .................... 798.00 .................... 716.16 .................... .................... ............... ..... 1,514.16 Thomas Hill ............................................................. 8 /7 8 /9 Azerbaijan ................................... .......... .................... 531.76 .................... 4,901.06 .................... .................... .................... 5 ,432.82 8 /9 8 /11 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 643.79 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 643.79 8 /11 8 /13 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 621.99 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 621.99 Timothy Mulvey ........................................................ 8 /7 8 /9 Azerbaijan ..................................... ........ .................... 531.76 .................... 4,901.06 .................... .................... .................... 5,4 32.82 8 /9 8 /11 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 643.79 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 643.79 8 /11 8 /13 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 621.99 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 621.99 Hon. Reid Ribble ..................................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal ...................................... .......... .................... 295.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 295.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6156 November 14, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continu- ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 498.00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 711.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 711.00 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 221.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 7 /22 7 /24 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 324.00 .................... 5,737.56 .... ................ .................... .................... 6,061.56 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 43,407.15 .................... 181,926.07 (*) .................... 1,343.04 226,676.26 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Indicates Delegation Costs. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MICHAEL T. M
CCAUL, Chairman, Sept. 30, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Richard Cappetto .................................................... 8 /16 8 /21 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 2,148.73 .................... * 2,037.66 .................... .................... .................... 4,013 .89 Jen Daulby ............................................................... 8 /16 8 /21 United Kingdom ............................ ........ .................... 2,148.73 .................... * 2,072.66 .................... .................... .................... 4,204.87 Nick Hawatmeh ....................................................... 8 /16 8 /21 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 2,148.73 .................... * 2,037.66 .................... .................... .................... 4,101 .39 Maximilian Engling .................................................. 8 /16 8 /21 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 2,148.73 .................... * 2,037.66 .................... .................... .................... 4,83. 89 Courtney Joseph ....................................................... 8 /16 8 /21 United Kingdom ............................... ..... .................... 2,148.73 .................... * 2,037.66 .................... .................... .................... 4,1 01.39 Amanda Anger ......................................................... 8 /16 8 /21 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 2,148.73 .................... * 2,037.66 .................... .................... .................... 4,01 8.18 Matthew DeFreitas ................................................... 8 /16 8 /21 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 2,148.73 .................... * 2,072.66 .................... .................... .................... 4,211 .89 Kimberly Stevens ..................................................... 8 /16 8 /21 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 2,148.73 .................... * 2,072.66 .................... .................... .................... 4,20 9.14 Richard Cappetto .................................................... 8 /21 8 /24 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 1,367.17 .................... (*) .................... .................... .................... 1,194. 67 Jen Daulby ............................................................... 8 /21 8 /23 Canada .................................... ............. .................... 450.26 .................... (*) .................... .................... .................... 433 .74 Nick Hawatmeh ....................................................... 8 /21 8 /24 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 675.38 .................... (*) .................... .................... .................... 590.38 Maximilian Engling .................................................. 8 /21 8 /24 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 675.38 .................... (*) .................... .................... .................... 572.88 Courtney Joseph ....................................................... 8 /21 8 /24 Canada ....................................... .......... .................... 675.38 .................... (*) .................... .................... .................... 590.38  Amanda Anger ......................................................... 8 /21 8 /24 Canada ........................................ ......... .................... 675.38 .................... (*) .................... .................... .................... 507.17 Matthew DeFreitas ................................................... 8 /21 8 /23 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 450.26 .................... (*) .................... .................... .................... 440.76 Kimberly Stevens ..................................................... 8 /21 8 /23 Canada ........................................ ......... .................... 450.26 .................... (*) .................... .................... .................... 438.02 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 22,609.31 .................... 16,406.28 .................... .................... ..... ............... 37,712.64 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. * Travel All Inclusive. HON. CANDICE S. MILLER, Chairman, Oct. 27, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND S EPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
HON. PETE SESSIONS, Chairman, Oct. 4, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6157 November 14, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Donna F. Edwards ........................................... 7 /17 7 /19 South Korea ........................................ .. .................... 730.74 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 730.74 7 /19 7 /20 Philippines ............................................ .................... 294.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 294.00 7 /20 7 /23 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,423.24 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,423.24 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,447.98 .................... $0 .................... $0 .................... 2,447.98 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Oct. 20, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Steve Chabot ................................................... 8 /10 8 /12 Azerbaijan ..................................... ........ .................... 361.00 .................... 10,601.96 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. 8 /12 8 /14 Georgia ................................................. .................... 341.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /14 8 /16 Armenia ................................................ .................... 240.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Kevin Fitzpatrick ............................................. 8 /10 8 /12 Azerbaijan ...................................... ....... .................... 361.00 .................... 11,185.96 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 8 /12 8 /14 Georgia ................................................. .................... 341.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /14 8 /16 Armenia ................................................ .................... 240.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,884.00 .................... 21,787.92 .................... .................... ...... .............. 23,671.92 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Oct. 24, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Julia Brownley ................................................. 6 /24 6 /27 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00  6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Eric Burgeson .................................................. 6 /24 6 /27 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00  6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Carlos Louis Curbelo ....................................... 6 /24 6 /27 Panama ............................................. ... .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. 914.26 .................... 1,583.26 Hon. Jeffrey John Denham ....................................... 6 /24 6 /27 Panama .............................................. .. .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. John James Duncan Jr. ................................... 6 /25 6 /27 Panama ................................................ .................... 360.00 .................... 198.00 .................... 745.65 .................... 1,303.65 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Donna Fern Edwards ....................................... 6 /24 6 /27 Panama ............................................... . .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Lois Jane Frankel ............................................ 6 /24 6 /27 Panama ........................................... ..... .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. 1,172.66 .................... 1,841.66 Hon. Garret Neal Graves ......................................... 6 /24 6 /27 Panama ............................................. ... .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... 959.51 .................... 1,796.51 Hon. Duncan Duane Hunter .................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ................................................ . ................... 180.00 .................... 99.00 .................... 1,951.81 .................... 2,230.81 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Fleming Michael Legg ..................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ............................................... . .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Ward McCarragher .......................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama .............................................. .. .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Stephen Collin McCune ................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ................................................ .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669,00 Hon. John Frederick Miller ....................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ............................................ .... .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Reid J. Ribble .................................................. 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ........................................ ........ .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.0 0 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Marshall Clement Sanford ...................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ............................................... . .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 699.00 Hon. William Franklin Shuster ................................ 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ................................................ .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. William Robert Woodall ................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ............................................... . .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Hon. Helena Zyblikewycz ......................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ............................................. ... .................... 540.00 .................... 297.00 .................... .................... .................... 837.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... 455.00 .................... 214.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 669.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... 6 /26 6 /27 Panama ................................................ ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,785.00 10,266.00 13,051.00 6 /27 6 /29 Colombia ............................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,062.00 8,552.00 11,614.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 16,915.00 .................... 8,687.00 .................... 11,590.89 18,818.00 56,010 .89 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Sept. 15, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
HON. JEFF MILLER, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6158 November 14, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Pat Meehan ..................................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Portugal ....................................... ......... .................... 330.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 330.00 7 /17 7 /18 Israel ..................................................... .................... 498.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 498.00 7 /18 7 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 710.82 7 /20 7 /21 Georgia ................................................. .................... 305.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 305.00 7 /21 7 /22 Romania ............................................... .................... 220.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 220.00 7 /22 7 /23 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 647.35 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 647.35 Hon. Pat Meehan ..................................................... 8 /13 8 /14 Morocco ........................................ ......... .................... 501.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 501.00 8 /14 8 /15 Czech R ................................................ .................... 389.89 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 389.89 8 /15 8 /17 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 737.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 737.26 8 /17 8 /18 Estonia .................................................. .................... 235.49 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 235.49 8 /18 8 /19 Iceland .................................................. .................... 383.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 383.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 4,957.81 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 4,957.81 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Oct. 3, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Michael Ellis ............................................................ 7 /15 7 /17 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 178.00 ....................3 .................... 380.08 .................... 558.08 Hon. Mike Quigley .................................................... 7 /15 7 /17 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 165.00 ....................3 .................... 380.08 .................... 545.08 7 /17 7 /18 Asia ....................................................... .................... 628.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 842.79 .................... 1,470.79 7 /18 7 /20 Asia ....................................................... .................... 710.82 .................... 165.94 .. .................. 190.99 .................... 1,067.75 7 /20 7 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 305.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 135.21 .................... 440.21 7 /21 7 /22 Europe ................................................... .................... 220.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 266.08 .................... 486.08 7 /22 7 /24 Europe ................................................... .................... 647.35 .................... ........... ......... .................... 265.45 .................... 912.80 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 7 /15 7 /19 Europe ......................................... .......... .................... 2,137.05 .................... .................... .................... 204.45 .................... 2 ,341.50 Commercial aircraft ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... 1,056.66 .................... .............. ...... .................... 1,056.66 George Pappas ........................................................ 7 /15 7 /19 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 1,961.49 .................... .................... .................... 204.46 .................... 2,165.95 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,056.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,056.66 Robert Minhart ........................................................ 7 /17 7 /23 Asia ......................................... .............. .................... 4,885.00 .................... .................... .................... 617.50 ................. ... 5,502.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,998.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,998.86 Andrew House .......................................................... 7 /17 7 /23 Asia ......................................... .............. .................... 4,885.00 .................... .................... .................... 617.50 ................. ... 5,502.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,998.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,998.86 Shannon Stuart ....................................................... 7 /17 7 /19 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 985.90 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 985.90 7 /19 7 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 581.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 250.00 .................... 831.00 7 /21 7 /23 Africa .................................................... .................... 682.06 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 682.06 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 7,107.48 .................... ............. ....... .................... 7,107.48 Carly Blake .............................................................. 7 /17 7 /19 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 985.90 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 985.90 7 /19 7 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 581.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 831.00 7 /21 7 /23 Africa .................................................... .................... 682.06 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 682.06 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 7,107.48 .................... ............. ....... .................... 7,107.48 Michael Ellis ............................................................ 7 /19 7 /21 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 581.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 831.00 7 /21 7 /23 Africa .................................................... .................... 682.06 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 682.06 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,625.08 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,625.08 Michael Bahar ......................................................... 7 /23 7 /27 Asia ......................................... .............. .................... 1,090.00 .................... .................... .................... 184.20 ................. ... 1,274.20 7 /27 7 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,068.86 .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,031.06 .................... 2,099.92 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,626.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,626.96 Thomas Eager .......................................................... 7 /23 7 /27 Asia ......................................... .............. .................... 1,090.00 .................... .................... .................... 184.20 ................. ... 1,274.20 7 /27 7 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,068.86 .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,031.06 .................... 2,099.92 7 /29 7 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 278.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 37.66 .................... 315.66 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,675.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,675.86 Timothy Bergreen ..................................................... 8 /2 8 /4 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 637.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 637.10 8 /4 8 /6 Europe ................................................... .................... 436.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 436.00 8 /6 8 /8 Europe ................................................... .................... 347.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... 164.15 .................... 511.81 8 /8 8 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 330.02 .................... ............. ....... .................... 62.42 .................... 392.44 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,524.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,524.96 Linda Cohen ............................................................ 8 /2 8 /4 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 637.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 637.10 8 /4 8 /6 Europe ................................................... .................... 436.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 436.00 8 /6 8 /8 Europe ................................................... .................... 347.65 .................... ............. ....... .................... 164.14 .................... 511.79 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................
......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,524.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,524.96 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 8 /4 8 /6 Europe ........................................... ........ .................... 503.71 .................... .................... .................... 115.49 .................... 619.2 0 8 /6 8 /8 Europe ................................................... .................... 624.20 .................... ............. ....... .................... 254.78 .................... 878.98 8 /8 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 685.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 8.20 .................... 673.20 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 176.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... 706.30 .................... 882.80 8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 802.86 .................... 319.82 .... ................ 132.75 .................... 1,255.43 8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 538.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... 419.92 .................... 958.74 8 /16 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 575.81 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 575.81 8 /18 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2.95 .................... 2.95 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 19,289.46 .................... ............ ........ .................... 19,289.46 Hon. Frank LoBiondo ............................................... 8 /4 8 /6 Europe ............................................. ...... .................... 503.71 .................... .................... .................... 115.49 .................... 619.20 8 /6 8 /8 Europe ................................................... .................... 624.20 .................... ............. ....... .................... 254.78 .................... 878.98 8 /8 8 /9 Europe ................................................... .................... 155.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8.20 .................... 163.20 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,516.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,516.26 Hon. Mike Quigley .................................................... 8 /12 8 /14 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 802.86 .................... 319.82 .................... 132.75 .................... 1,255.43 8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 538.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... 419.92 .................... 958.74 8 /16 8 /17 Europe ................................................... .................... 365.81 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 365.81 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,009.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,009.36 George Pappas ........................................................ 8 /4 8 /6 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 503.71 .................... .................... .................... 115.49 .................... 619. 20 8 /6 8 /8 Europe ................................................... .................... 616.61 .................... ............. ....... .................... 254.78 .................... 871.39 8 /8 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 665.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 8.20 .................... 673.20 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 176.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... 706.30 .................... 882.80 George Pappas ........................................................ 8 /12 8 /14 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 802.86 .................... 319.82 .................... 132.75 .................... 1,255.43 8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 538.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... 419.92 .................... 958.74 8 /16 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 575.81 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 575.81 8 /18 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2.95 .................... 2.95 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,086.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 18,086.86 Scott Glabe .............................................................. 8 /04 8 /06 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 503.71 .................... .................... .................... 115.49 .................. .. 619.20 8 /06 8 /08 Europe ................................................... .................... 605.19 .................... ........... ......... .................... 254.78 .................... 859.97 8 /08 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 665.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 8.20 .................... 673.20 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 176.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... 706.30 .................... 882.80 8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 802.86 .................... 319.82 .... ................ 132.75 .................... 1,255.43 8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 538.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... 419.92 .................... 958.74 8 /16 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 575.81 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 575.81 8 /18 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2.95 .................... 2.95 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6159 November 14, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,086.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 18,086.86 Robert Minehart ....................................................... 8 /04 8 /06 Europe ....................................... ............ .................... 503.71 .................... .................... .................... 115.49 .................... 6 19.20 8 /06 8 /08 Europe ................................................... .................... 616.61 .................... ........... ......... .................... 254.78 .................... 871.39 8 /08 8 /11 Europe ................................................... .................... 665.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 8.20 .................... 673.20 8 /11 8 /12 Europe ................................................... .................... 176.50 .................... ........... ......... .................... 706.30 .................... 882.80 8 /12 8 /14 Europe ................................................... .................... 802.86 .................... 319.82 .... ................ 132.75 .................... 1,255.42 8 /14 8 /16 Europe ................................................... .................... 538.82 .................... ........... ......... .................... 419.92 .................... 958.74 8 /16 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... 575.81 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 575.81 8 /18 8 /18 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2.95 .................... 2.95 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,086.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Hon. Chris Stewart .................................................. 8 /08 8 /10 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 136.00 .................... .................... .................... 37.47 .................... 17 3.47 8 /10 8 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,439.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 47.33 .................... 1,486.33 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,952.22 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,952.22 Geoffrey Kahn .......................................................... 8 /08 8 /10 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 136.00 .................... .................... .................... 37.47 ................... . 173.47 8 /10 8 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,439.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 47.33 .................... 1,486.33 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 20,311.25 .................... ............ ........ .................... 20,311.25 Stephen Keith .......................................................... 8 /08 8 /10 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 136.00 .................... .................... .................... 37.47 ................... . 173.47 8 /10 8 /13 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,439.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 47.33 .................... 1,486.33 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... 20,311.25 .................... .................... ............ ........ 20,311.25 61,554.12 Damon Nelson ......................................................... 8 /17 8 /19 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 550.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 550.00 8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 486.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 486.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,546.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Chelsey Campbell .................................................... 8 /17 8 /19 Europe ......................................... .......... .................... 550.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 550.00 8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 486.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 486.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,546.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,546.16 Angela Hooper ......................................................... 8 /17 8 /19 Europe ....................................... ............ .................... 550.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 550.00 8 /14 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 486.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 486.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,546.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,546.16 Carly Blake .............................................................. 8 /17 8 /19 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 550.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 550.00 8 /19 8 /20 Europe ................................................... .................... 486.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 486.00 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,546.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,546.16 Hon. Jackie Speier ................................................... 8 /19 8 /22 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 1,050.00 .................... .................... .................... 692.38 .................. .. 1,742.38 8 /22 8 /24 Asia ....................................................... .................... 558.59 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 558.59 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,626.36 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,626.36 Linda Cohen ............................................................ 8 /19 8 /22 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 1,050.00 .................... .................... .................... 692.38 ................ .... 1,742.38 8 /22 8 /24 Asia ....................................................... .................... 558.59 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 558.59 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,569.31 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,569.31 Hon. Chris Stewart .................................................. 8 /20 8 /22 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 1,036.00 ....................
3 .................... 2,518.32 .................... 3,554.32 8 /22 8 /24 Europe ................................................... .................... 535.87 .................... 27.76 ..... ............... 23.98 .................... 587.61 8 /24 8 /24 Europe ................................................... .................... .00 .................... .00 .......... .......... 70.03 .................... 70.03 8 /24 8 /26 Europe ................................................... .................... 538.29 .................... .00 ....... ............. 58.79 .................... 597.08 Hon. Jeff Miller ........................................................ 8 /23 8 /25 Asia ....................................... ................ .................... 531.00 .................... .00 .................... .00 .................... 531.00 8 /25 8 /28 Asia ....................................................... .................... 781.54 .................... .00 ..... ............... 29.27 .................... 810.81 8 /28 8 /28 Europe ................................................... .................... .00 .................... .00 .......... .......... 103.67 .................... 103.67 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,827.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,827.86 George Pappas ........................................................ 8 /23 8 /25 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 531.00 .................... .00 .................... .00 .................... 531.00 8 /25 8 /25 Asia ....................................................... .................... 781.54 .................... .00 ..... ............... 29.27 .................... 810.81 8 /28 8 /28 Asia ....................................................... .................... .00 .................... .00 ........ ............ 103.67 .................... 103.67 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,156.56 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,156.16 Amanda Rogers-Thorpe ........................................... 8 /23 8 /25 Asia ................................................ ....... .................... 531.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 531.00 8 /25 8 /28 Asia ....................................................... .................... 781.54 .................... ......... ........... .................... 29.27 .................... 810.81 8 /28 8 /28 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 103.67 .................... 103.67 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,156.56 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,156.16 Hon. Mike Pompeo ................................................... 8 /28 8 /31 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 547.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 547.00 8 /31 9 /1 Europe ................................................... .................... 725.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 725.00 9 /1 9 /4 Europe ................................................... .................... 809.84 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 809.84 9 /4 9 /4 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 75.00 .................... 75.00 9 /4 9 /5 Europe ................................................... .................... 984.00 .................... 736.50 ...... .............. 224.50 .................... 1,945.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,320.06 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,320.06 Scott Glabe .............................................................. 8 /28 8 /31 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 820.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 820.50 8 /31 9 /1 Europe ................................................... .................... 725.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 725.00 9 /1 9 /4 Europe ................................................... .................... 809.84 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 809.84 9 /4 9 /4 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 75.00 .................... 75.00 9 /4 9 /5 Europe ................................................... .................... 984.00 .................... 736.50 ...... .............. 224.50 .................... 1,945.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,893.06 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,893.06 ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... 73,293.89 .... ................ 403,957.40 .................... 20,514.28 .................... 497,762.57 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 73,293.89 .................... 403.957.40 .................... 20,514.28 .............. ...... 497,762.57 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. DEVIN NUNES, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Vice Chairman, Oct. 7, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AN D SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Chris Smith ..................................................... 6 /30 7 /5 Georgia ........................................ ......... Lari 1,530.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,53 0.95 Hon. Robert Aderholt ............................................... 6 /30 7 /5 Georgia .......................................... ....... Lari 1,530.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,530. 95 Hon. Randy Hultgren ............................................... 6 /30 7 /5 Georgia ........................................... ...... Lari 1,530.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,530.9 5 Mark Milosch ........................................................... 6 /30 7 /5 Georgia ...................................... ........... Lari 1,530.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1, 530.95 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6160 November 14, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AN D SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Alex Tiersky .............................................................. 6 /30 7 /6 Georgia ................................... .............. Lari 1,381.67 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 1,381.67 Robert Hand ............................................................ 6 /30 7 /6 Georgia ...................................... ........... Lari 1,791.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1, 791.66 Nathaniel Hurd ........................................................ 6 /30 7 /6 Georgia ....................................... .......... Lari 1,530.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,5 30.95 Allison Hollabaugh .................................................. 6 /30 7 /5 Georgia ......................................... ........ Lari 1,530.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,530 .95 9 /5 9 /9 Germany ................................................ Euro 1,178.56 .................... 1,786.26 ................... . .................... .................... 2,964.82 Paul Massaro ........................................................... 6 /30 7 /5 Georgia ...................................... ........... Lari 1,530.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1, 530.95 7 /23 7 /30 United Kingdom .................................... Pound 2,666.25 .................... 3,909.46 .................... . ................... .................... 6,575.71 9 /12 9 /17 Czech Republic ..................................... Koruna 2,080.00 .................... 2,508.06 ................... . .................... .................... 4,588.06 Mischa Thompson .................................................... 9 /4 9 /7 Germany ........................................... ..... Euro 957.00 .................... 1,734.06 .................... .................... .................... 2,691.06 9 /24 9 /28 Poland ................................................... Zloty 942.00 .................... 3,406.96 ................ .... .................... .................... 4,348.96 Janice Helwig ........................................................... 9 /6 9 /9 Germany ...................................... .......... Euro 1,276.00 .................... 1,400.20 .................... .................... .................... 2,676.20 8 /22 9 /30 Austria .................................................. Euro 13,377,00 .................... 1,961.26 .............. ...... .................... .................... 15,338.26 Scott Rauland .......................................................... 9 /7 9 /24 Belarus ...................................... ........... Ruble 3,806.00 .................... 4,507.86 .................... .................... .................... 8,313.86 Orest Deychakiwsky ................................................. 9 /7 9 /22 Belarus .......................................... ....... Ruble 3,471.00 .................... 4,751.36 .................... .................... .................... 8,222.36 Everett Price ............................................................ 9 /19 9 /28 Poland .................................... ............... Zloty 2,448.00 .................... 3,407.96 .................... .................... .................... 5,855.96  
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 46,091.79 .................... 29,373.44 .................... .................... ..... ............... 79,465.23 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7048. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Tart Cherries Grown in the States of Michi-gan, et al.; Revision of Optimum Supply Re-quirements and Establishment of Inventory Release Procedures [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-15- 0047; FV15-930-2 FR] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 7049. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s interim rule — Pistachios Grown in California, Arizona, and New Mexico; Decreased Assessment Rate [Docket No.: AMS-SC-16-0076 SC16-983-2 IR] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7050. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s affirmation of interim rule as final rule — Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Val-ley in Texas; Relaxation of Container and Pack Requirements [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16- 0021; SC16-906-1 FIR] received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7051. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service; Livestock, Poultry, and Seed Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment to the Definition of ‘‘Condition’’ and Prerequisite Requirement for Shell Eggs Eligible for Grading and Cer-tification Stated in the Regulations Gov-erning the Voluntary Grading of Shell Eggs [Doc. No.: AMS-LPS-15-0044] received Octo-ber 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7052. A letter from the Secretary, Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Clearing Requirement Determination under Section 2(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act for Interest Rate Swaps (RIN: 3038-AE20) re-ceived October 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7053. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s interim rule — Domestic Dates Produced or Packed in Riverside County, California; Decreased As-sessment Rate [Docket No.: AMS-SC-16-0084; SC16-987-1 IR] received October 5, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7054. A letter from the Chief, GAMB, Fi-nancial Management and Agreements Divi-sion, Agricultural Research Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — General Administra-tive Policy for Non-Assistance Cooperative Agreements (RIN: 0518-AA06) received Octo-ber 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7055. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — EZ Guarantee Program and Micro Lender Program (MLP) Status (RIN: 0560-AI34) received October 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7056. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Increased Assess-ment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16-0059; SC16- 906-2 FR] received November 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7057. A letter from the PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regulatory Implementation of Office of Management and Budget’s Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Prin-ciples, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (RIN: 0584-AE42) received October 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7058. A letter from the Acting Legislative Affairs Director, Natural Resources Con-servation Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Agricultural Conservation Easement Program [Docket No.: NRCS-2014-0011] (RIN: 0578-AA61) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7059. A letter from the Administrator, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Promotion and Eco-nomics Division, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting the Department’s interim rule — Softwood Lumber Research, Promotion, Con-sumer Education and Industry Information Order; Revision of Time Frame for Continu-ance Referenda [Document Number: AMS- SC-16-0054] received October 17, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7060. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a letter reporting multiple viola-tions of the Antideficiency Act, Army case number 15-02, involving FY 2012 Operations and Maintenance, Army, Overseas Contin-gency Operations funding in the Military In-telligence Program, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appropriations. 7061. A letter from the President Of The United States, transmitting Designation of Funding for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism, pursuant to Sec. 401 of Division A and Sec. 114(c) of Divi-sion C of the Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and the Zika Response and Preparedness Act, and Sec. 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended (H. Doc. No. 114–180); to the Committee on Appropriations and or-dered to be printed. 7062. A letter from the President Of The United States, transmitting Designation of Funding as an Emergency Requirement, pur-suant to Sec. 5 of the Continuing Appropria-tions and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and the Zika Response and Pre-paredness Act, also pursuant to Sec. 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended (H. Doc. No. 114–181); to the Com-mittee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed. 7063. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting FY 2017 Budget amendments for national security ac-tivities at the Department of Defense, the Department of State, and the U.S. Agency for International Development to fund Over-seas Contingency Operations (H. Doc. No. 114–178); to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed. 7064. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.043 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6161 November 14, 2016 
to Congress on the Merger of The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and Programs and The Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment, pursuant to Public Law 114-92, Sec. 332; (129 Stat. 791); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7065. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a letter waiving the application of full-up, system- level survivability and lethality tests to the Presidential Aircraft Recapitalization air-craft, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2366(c)(1); Public Law 99-500, Sec. 101(c) (as amended by Public Law 99-591, Sec. 101(c)); (100 Stat. 3341-144); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7066. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a review of the Next Generation Operational Control System program, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2433a(b); Public Law 111-23, Sec. 206(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 111-383, Sec. 1075(b)(35)); (124 Stat. 4371); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7067. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s semiannual report titled, ‘‘Acceptance of contributions for de-fense programs, projects, and activities; De-fense Cooperation Account’’, for the period ending March 31, 2016, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2608(e); Public Law 101-403, Sec. 202(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 112-81, Sec. 1064(7)); (125 Stat. 1587); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7068. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Robert L. Thomas, Jr., United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7069. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Cecil E. D. Haney, United States Navy, and his advance-ment to the grade of admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7070. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing six-teen officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7071. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Mark O. Schissler, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7072. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Manpower and Reserve Affairs, Department of the Army, transmitting a letter providing notice to Congress of the anticipated use of Selected Reserve units that will be ordered to active duty, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 12304b(d); Public Law 112-81, Sec. 516(a)(1); (125 Stat. 1396); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7073. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Department of Defense (DoD)’s Defense Industrial Base (DIB) Cybersecurity (CS) Activities [DOD-2014-OS-0097] (RIN: 0790- AJ29) received October 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7074. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Network Penetration Reporting and Contracting for Cloud Services (DFARS Case 2013-D018) [Docket: DARS-2015-0039] (RIN: 0750-AI61) re-ceived October 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 7075. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Identification (ID) Cards for Members of the Uniformed Services, Their Dependents, and Other Eligible Indi-viduals [Docket ID: DoD-2015-OS-0069] (RIN: 0790-AJ37) received October 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7076. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Display of Hotline Posters (DFARS Case 2016-D018) [Docket DARS-2016-0016] (RIN: 0750-AI94) re-ceived October 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 7077. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Organizational Charters [Docket ID: DOD-2016-OS-0102] (RIN: 0790-AJ53) re-ceived October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 7078. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Enhancing the Effectiveness of Independent Research and Development (DFARS Case 2016-D002) [Docket DARS-2015-0070] (RIN: 0750-AI81) re-ceived October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 7079. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Contig-uous United States (DFARS Case 2016-D005) [Docket DARS-2016-0036] (RIN: 0750-AJ09) re-ceived October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 7080. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Pilot Pro-gram on Acquisition of Military Purpose Nondevelopmental Items (DFARS Case 2016- D014) [Docket DARS-2016-0015] (RIN: 0750- AI93) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7081. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Civilian Health and Med-ical Program of the Uniformed Services (CHAMPUS)/TRICARE: Refills of Mainte-nance Medications Through Military Treat-ment Facility Pharmacies or National Mail Order Pharmacy Program [Docket ID: DOD- 2015-HA-0062] (RIN: 0720-AB64) received No-vember 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 7082. A letter from the Air Force Federal Register Public Liaison Officer, Air Force Federal Register/FOIA Public Liaison Office, Department of the Air Force, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Administra-tive Claims [Docket ID: USAF-2015-0003] (RIN: 0701-AA79) received October 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 7083. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Presentation of DoD-Related Scientific and Technical Papers at Meetings [Docket ID: DOD-2016-OS-0097] (RIN: 0790- AI75) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7084. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Management and Mobilization of Regular and Reserve Retired Military Members [Docket ID: DOD-2016-OS-0096] (RIN: 0790-AJ52) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 7085. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Sale or Rental of Sexually Ex-plicit Material on DoD Property [Docket ID: DOD-2016-OS-0098] (RIN: 0790-AJ15) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 7086. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final policy statement — Regulatory Capital Rules: The Federal Reserve Board’s Frame-work for Implementing the U.S. Basel III Countercyclical Capital Buffer [Docket No.: R-1529] (RIN: 7100 AE-43) received October 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7087. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Lou-isa County, VA, and Unincorporated Areas); [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002] [Internal Agen-cy Docket No.: FEMA-9999] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7088. A letter from the Director, Commu-nity Development Financial Institutions Fund, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting the Department’s interim final rule — Bank Enterprise Award Program (RIN: 1505-AA91) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7089. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Division of Trading and Markets, U.S. Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, transmit-ting the Department’s Major final rule — Standards for Covered Clearing Agencies [Release No.: 34-78961; File No.: S7-03-14] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6162 November 14, 2016 
(RIN: 3235-AL48) received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 7090. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Regulatory Capital Rules, Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Revisions to the Definition of Qualifying Master Netting Agreement and Related Definitions (RIN: 3064-AE30) received November 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7091. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Technical and Conforming Changes and Corrections to FHFA Regulations (RIN: 2590-AA80) received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7092. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of Housing—Federal Housing Commis-sioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Retrospective Review-- Improving the Previous Participation Re-views of Prospective Multifamily Housing and Healthcare Programs Participants [Docket No.: FR-5850-F-04] (RIN: 2502-AJ28) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 7093. A letter from the Program Specialist, LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting the Department’s Major final rule — OCC Guidelines Establishing Standards for Recovery Planning by Certain Large Insured National Banks, Insured Federal Savings As-sociations, and Insured Federal Branches; Technical Amendments [Docket ID: OCC- 2015-0017] (RIN: 1557-AD96) received Sep-tember 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7094. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Invest-ment Company Liquidity Risk Management Programs [Release Nos.: 33-10233; IC-32315; File No.: S7-16-15] (RIN: 3235-AL61) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7095. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Invest-ment Company Reporting Modernization [Release Nos.: 33-10231; 34-79095; IC-32314; File No.: S7-08-15] (RIN; 3235-AL42) received Octo-ber 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7096. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Invest-ment Company Swing Pricing (RIN: 3235- AL61) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 7097. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rules — Ex-emptions to Facilitate Intrastate and Re-gional Securities Offerings [Release Nos.: 33- 10238; 34-79161; File No.: S7-22-15] (RIN: 3235- AL80) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 7098. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a report on dis-cretionary appropriations legislation within seven calendar days of enactment for the Continuing Appropriations and Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Preparedness Act (Public Law 114-223), pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 901(a)(7)(B); Public Law 99-177, Sec. 251(a)(7)(B) (as amended by Public Law 114-113, Sec. 1003); (129 Stat. 3035); to the Committee on the Budget. 7099. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Administration for Children and Fam-ilies, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Family Violence Prevention and Services Programs (RIN: 0970-AC62) received November 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7100. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Teacher Prepara-tion Issues [Docket ID: ED-2014-OPE-0057] (RIN: 1840-AD07) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 7101. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Student Assist-ance General Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Federal Family Education Loan Program, William D. Ford Federal Di-rect Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance for College And Higher Education Grant Program [Docket ID: ED-2015-OPE- 0103] (RIN: 1840-AD19) received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7102. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s final rules — Excepted Benefits; Lifetime and Annual Limits; and Short- Term, Limited-Duration Insurance (RIN: 1210-AB75) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7103. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, National Institute of Occupational Health and Safety, Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, Dpt. of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Specifications for Med-ical Examinations of Coal Miners [Docket No.: CDC-2014-0011; NIOSH-276] (RIN: 0920- AA57) received October 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 7104. A letter from the Director, Direc-torate of Whistleblower Protection Pro-grams, Occupational Safety and Health Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — Procedures for the Han-dling of Retaliation Complaints Under Sec-tion 1558 of the Affordable Care Act [Docket No.: OSHA-2011-0193] (RIN: 1218-AC79) re-ceived October 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7105. A letter from the NACIQI Executive Director, Office of Postsecondary Education, Department of Education, transmitting the Annual Report of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and In-tegrity (NACIQI) for FY 2016, which outlines the activities of NACIQI during FY 2015, pur-suant to Sec. 114(e) of the Higher Education Act, as amended; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 7106. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Office of Post-secondary Education, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Student Assistance General Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Federal Family Education Loan Program, William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Pro-gram, and Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Pro-gram [Docket ID: ED-2015-OPE-0103] (RIN: 1840-AD19) received November 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7107. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Payment of Pre-miums; Late Payment Penalty Relief (RIN: 1212-AB32) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7108. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Inter-est Assumptions for Paying Benefits received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7109. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Technology Transfer Execution Plan 2016-2018, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16391(g); Pub-lic Law 109-58, Sec. 1001; (119 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7110. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Computation of Annual Liability Insurance (Including Self-Insurance) Settlement Recovery Threshold’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395y(b)(9)(D); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1862(b)(9)(D) (as added by Public Law 112-242, Sec. 202(a)(2)); (126 Stat. 2379); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7111. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Report to Congress on the Eight Review of the Backlog of Postmarketing Requirements and Post-marketing Commitments by the Food and Drug Administration’’, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 355(k)(5)(C); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 505(k)(5)(C) (as added by Public Law 110-85, Sec. 921); (121 Stat. 962); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7112. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Administration for Community Liv-ing, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Independent Living Services and Cen-ters for Independent Living (RIN: 0985-AA10) received October 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7113. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Electricity Delivery and En-ergy Reliability, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Coordination of Federal Authorizations for Electric Transmission Facilities (RIN: 1901- AB36) received September 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7114. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Department of Energy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6163 November 14, 2016 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — Procedures for Determining Eligibility for Access to Classified Matter or Special Nu-clear Material [Docket No.: DOE-HQ-2012- 0001-0274] (RIN: 1992-AA36) received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7115. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major direct final rule — Energy Conservation Pro-gram: Energy Conservation Standards for Miscellaneous Refrigeration Products [Dock-et No.: EERE-2011-BT-STD-0043] (RIN: 1904- AC51) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7116. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Abbreviated New Drug Applications and 505(b)(2) Applications [Docket No.: FDA-2011- N-0830] (RIN: 0910-AF97) received October 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7117. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Performance Evaluation of Accreditation Bodies Under the Mammography Quality Standards Act of 1992 As Amended by the Mammography Quality Standards Reauthor-ization Acts of 1998 and 2004’’, covering the period January 1, 2015 — December 31, 2015, pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 263b; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7118. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Acrylic acid-butyl acrylate- styrene copolymer; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0330; FRL-9952-34] re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7119. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Revision of Reg-ulations for Sulfur Content of Fuel Oil [EPA- R03-OAR-2016-0199; FRL-9953-74-Region 3] re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7120. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plan Revisions to Primary Air Quality Standards, Minor Source Baseline Date, Incorporation by Ref-erence, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS Infrastruc-ture Requirements for CAA Section 110(a)(2)(C) and (D)(i)(II); Wyoming [EPA- R08-OAR-2016-0366; FRL-9953-78-Region 8] Oc-tober 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7121. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Cali-fornia Air Plan Revisions, Butte County Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09- OAR-2016-0367; FRL-9952-17-Region 9] re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7122. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Mis-souri’s Air Quality Implementation Plans, Operating Permits Program, and 112(1) Plan; Construction Permits Required [EPA-R07- OAR-2016-0571; FRL-9953-77-Region 7] re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7123. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Denial of Request for Ex-tension of Attainment Date for 1997 PM2.5 NAAQS; California; San Joaquin Valley Seri-ous Nonattainment Area [EPA-R09-OAR- 2015-0432; FRL-9953-66-Region 9] received Oc-tober 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7124. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Dichlormid; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0121; FRL-9951-90] received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7125. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tolfenpyrad; Pesticide Tol-erances for Emergency Exemptions [EPA- HQ-OPP-2016-0193; FRL-9951-57] received Oc-tober 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7126. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Update to the Refrigerant Manage-ment Requirements under the Clean Air Act [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0453; FRL-9950-28-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS51) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7127. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Georgia: Volatile Organic Compounds [EPA- R04-OAR-2016-0489; FRL-9953-64-Region 4] re-ceived September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7128. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Temporary Alternate Opacity Limits for American Electric Power, Rockport [EPA- R05-OAR-2015-0074; FRL-9953-14-Region 5] re-ceived September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7129. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Mis-sissippi; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0155; FRL-9953-35-Region 4] received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7130. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Limited Ap-proval and Limited Disapproval of Air Qual-ity Implementation Plans; California; North-ern Sonoma County Air Pollution Control District; Stationary Source Permits [EPA- R09-OAR-2016-0240; FRL-9950-74-Region 9] re-ceived September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7131. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Lou-isiana; Infrastructure State Implementation Plan Requirements for the National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R06-OAR-2013- 0465; FRL-9952-82-Region 6] received Sep-tember 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7132. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Philadelphia County Reasonably Available Control Technology under the 1997 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R03-OAR-2008-0603; FRL- 9953-52-Region 3] received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7133. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Washington: Up-dates to Incorporation by Reference and Mis-cellaneous Revisions [EPA-R10-OAR-2016- 0394; FRL-9953-50-Region 10] received Sep-tember 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7134. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Plans for Designated Fa-cilities and Pollutants, State of Wyoming; Control of Emissions From Existing Hos-pital/Medical/Infectious Waste Incinerator Units, Plan Revision [EPA-R08-OAR-2016- 0197; FRL-9953-13-Region 8] received Sep-tember 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7135. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Cali-fornia Air Plan Revisions, Sacramento Met-ropolitan Air Quality Management District and San Diego County Air Pollution Control District [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0291; FRL-9952- 13-Region 9] received September 30, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7136. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, San Joaquin Valley Unified Air Pollution Control District [EPA-R09- OAR-2015-0570; FRL-9957-67-Region 9] re-ceived September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6164 November 14, 2016 
7137. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Mis-souri’s Air Quality Implementation Plans and Operating Permits Program; Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule and Non-substantive Def-inition and Language Changes [EPA-R07- OAR-2016-0529; FRL-9953-34-Region 7] re-ceived September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7138. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Nebras-ka’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Re-visions to Title 129, Chapters 4, 19, and 22 [EPA-R07-OAR-2016-0556; FRL-9953-61-Region 7] received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7139. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Nebras-ka’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Title 129, Chapters 5, 9, 22, 30, and 34, and State Operating Permit Programs, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7140. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Availability of Data on Al-locations of Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Allowances to Existing Electricity Gener-ating Units [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0500; FRL- 9953-30-OAR] received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7141. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus mycoides isolate J; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0920; FRL-9947-92] received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7142. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Final Determination to Ap-prove Site-Specific Flexibility for Closure and Monitoring of the Picacho Landfill [EPA-R09-RCRA-2015-0445; FRL-9953-45-Re-gion 9] received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7143. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s Major final rule — Cross-State Air Pol-lution Rule Update for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0500; FRL-9950-30- OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS05) September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7144. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Mandestrobin; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0285; FRL- 9945-37] received October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7145. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Delaware; Disapproval of Air Quality Implementation Plan for Non-attainment New Source Review; Emissions Offset Provisions [EPA-R03-OAR-2013-0816; FRL-9953-90-Region 3] received October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7146. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Texas; Infrastructure Requirements for Consultation with Government Officials, Public Notification and Prevention of Sig-nificant Deterioration and Visibility Protec-tion for the 2008 Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Di-oxide National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards [EPA-R06-OAR-2012-0953; FRL-9952-76- Region 6] received October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7147. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Texas; Control of Air Pollution from Motor Vehicles, Vehicle Inspection and Maintenance [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0425; FRL- 9952-27-Region 6] received October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7148. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; South Dakota; Revisions to the Permitting Rules [EPA-R08-OAR-2016-0424; FRL-9953-92-Region 8] received October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7149. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont; Interstate Transport of Air Pollution [EPA- R01-OAR-2008-0486; EPA-R01-OAR-2008-0223; EPA-R01-OAR-2008-0447; EPA-R01-OAR-2009- 0358; FRL-9953-85-Region 1] received October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7150. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; NH; Re-gional Haze 5-Year Report [EPA-R01-OAR- 2014-0909; A-1-FRL-9953-84-Region 1] received October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7151. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; NC In-frastructure Requirements for the 2010 1- hour NO2 NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0362; FRL-9954-09-Region 4] received October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7152. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plan; Cali-fornia; Calaveras County, Chico (Butte Coun-ty), San Francisco Bay Area and San Luis Obispo County (Eastern San Luis Obispo) Base Year Emission Inventories for the 2008 Ozone Standards [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0499; FRL-9954-20-Region 9] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7153. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Revisions to the Utah Division of Administrative Rules, R307-300 Series; Area Source Rules for Attainment of Fine Partic-ulate Matter Standards [EPA-R08-OAR-2016- 0311; FRL-9954-14-Region 8] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7154. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Disapproval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implemen-tation Plans; Interstate Transport for Utah [EPA-R08-OAR-2016-0107; FRL-9954-13-Region 8] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7155. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Isofetamid; Pesticide Toler-ances for Emergency Exemptions [EPA-HQ- OPP-2016-0429; FRL-9952-59] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7156. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to Public Notice Provisions in Clean Air Act Permitting Pro-grams [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0090; FRL-9954-10- OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS59) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7157. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; KY; Re-moval of Stage II Gasoline Vapor Recovery Program [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0312; FRL-9954- 08-Region 4] received October 13, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7158. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Metaldehyde; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0558; FRL-9951-78] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7159. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Removal of Gasoline Vapor Recovery Re-quirements [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0522; FRL- 9954-21-Reigon 5] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7160. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; North Dakota; Revisions to Air Pollution Control Rules [EPA-R08-OAR-2013-0145; FRL-9954-15- Region 8] received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6165 November 14, 2016 
7161. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Oklahoma: Incorpo-ration by Reference of Approved State Haz-ardous Waste Management Program [EPA- R06-2014-0791; FRL-9951-74-Region 6] received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7162. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Louisiana: Final Au-thorization of State-initiated Changes and Incorporation by Reference of Approved State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram [EPA-R06-RCRA-2015-0664; FRL-9951-21- Region 6] received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7163. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Removal of Stage II Gaso-line Vapor Recovery Requirements for Gaso-line Dispensing Facilities [EPA-R03-OAR- 2016-0308; FRL-9954-18-Region 3] received Oc-tober 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7164. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Vir-ginia; Adoption of Control Techniques Guide-lines for Control of Volatile Organic Com-pound Emissions [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0335; FRL-9954-29-Region 3] received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7165. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Colorado; Motor Vehicle Inspection and Maintenance, Clean Screen Program and the Low Emitter Index, On-Board Diagnostics, and Associated Revisions [EPA-R08-OAR- 2016-0016; FRL-9954-16-Region 8] received Oc-tober 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7166. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-tial Disapproval of Attainment Plan for Oakridge, Oregon PM2.5 Nonattainment Area [EPA-R10-OAR-2013-0004; FRL-9954-32-Region 10] received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7167. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fluridone; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0325; FRL-9951-81] received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7168. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Penflufen; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0559; FRL-9952-22] received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7169. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Par-ticipation by Disadvantaged Business Enter-prises in Procurements under EPA Financial Assistance Agreements [EPA-HQ-OA-2016- 0457; FRL-9954-30-OA] (RIN: 2090-AA40) re-ceived October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7170. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: New Listings of Substitutes; Changes of Listing Status; and Reinterpretation of Unacceptability for Closed Cell Foam Prod-ucts under the Significant New Alternatives Policy Program; and Revision of Clean Air Act Section 608 Venting Prohibition for Pro-pane [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0663; FRL-9952-18- OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS80) received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7171. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Spirotetramat; Pesticide Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0679; FRL-9951- 80] received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7172. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Clean Air Act Title V Oper-ating Permit Program Revision; New Jersey [EPA-R02-OAR-2015-0837; FRL-9954-61-Region 2] received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7173. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Oklahoma; Dis-approval of Prevention of Significant Dete-rioration for Particulate Matter Less than 2.5 Micrometers — Significant Impact Levels and Significant Monitoring Concentration [EPA-R06-OAR-2012-0263; FRL-9953-46-Region 6] received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7174. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Revisions and Amendments to Regula-tions for Continuous Opacity Monitoring, Continuous Emissions Monitoring, and Qual-ity Assurance Requirements for Continuous Opacity Monitors [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0042; FRL-9954-40-Region 3] received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7175. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Plans for Designated Fa-cilities and Pollutants; State of New York, State of New Jersey and Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; Other Solid Waste Incineration Units [EPA-R02-OAR-2016-0161; FRL-9954-60- Region 2] received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7176. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — State of Kentucky Underground Injection Control (UIC) Class II Program; Primacy Approval [EPA-HQ-OW- 2015-0372; FRL-9953-37-OW] received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7177. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Lou-isiana; Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion Significant Monitoring Concentration for Fine Particulates [EPA-R06-OAR-2016- 0450; FRL-9953-94-Region 6] received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7178. A letter from the Deputy Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 10-90]; Uni-versal Service Reform — Mobility Fund [WT Docket No.: 10-208]; Connect America Fund — Alaska Plan [WC Docket No.: 16-271] re-ceived October 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7179. A letter from the Chief, International Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Review of Foreign Ownership Policies for Broadcast, Common Carrier and Aero-nautical Radio Licensees under Section 310(b)(4) of the Communications Act of 1934, as Amended [GN Docket No.: 15-236] received October 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7180. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Reliability Standard for Transmission Sys-tem Planned Performance for Geomagnetic Disturbance Events [Docket No.: RM15-11- 000; Order No.: 830] received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7181. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Disclosure of Written Consumer Product Warranty Terms and Con-ditions; Pre-Sale Availability of Written Warranty Terms (RIN: 3084-AB24 and AB25) received October 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7182. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Food Addi-tives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Feed Grade Sodium Formate [Docket No.: FDA-2014-F-0988] received Octo-ber 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7183. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Current Good Manufacturing Practice, Hazard Analysis, and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Human Food and Current Good Manufac-turing Practice, Hazard Analysis, and Risk- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6166 November 14, 2016 
Based Preventive Controls for Food for Ani-mals; Definition of Qualified Auditor; An-nouncement of Effective Date [Docket Nos.: FDA-2011-N-0920, FDA-2011-N-0922] received October 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7184. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medical De-vices; Custom Devices; Technical Amend-ment [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-2518] received November 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7185. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Additions and Modifications to the List of Drug Products That Have Been Withdrawn or Removed From the Market for Reasons of Safety or Effectiveness [Docket No.: FDA-1999-N-0194 (Formerly 99N-4490)] (RIN: 0910-AH08) re-ceived November 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7186. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Use of Ozone-Depleting Substances [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-1355] (RIN: 0910-AH36) received November 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7187. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final determination — Energy Conservation Pro-gram: Energy Conservation Standards for Di-rect Heating Equipment [Docket Number: EERE-2016-BT-STD-0007] (RIN: 1904-AD65) re-ceived October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7188. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Certain Categories of General Service Lamps [Docket No.: EERE-2016-BT- TP-0005] (RIN: 1904-AD64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7189. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Ma-terial Safety and Safeguards, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s Licensing Guidance — Low Activ-ity Radioactive Seeds Used for Localization of Non-Palpable Lesions and Lymph Nodes Licensing Guidance, Revision 1 received Oc-tober 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7190. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Freedom of Information Regulations (RIN: 0991-AC04) received Octo-ber 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7191. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of the Secretary, Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, Dept. of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — ONC Health IT Certifi-cation Program: Enhanced Oversight and Ac-countability (RIN: 0955-AA00) received Octo-ber 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7192. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 Performance Re-port to Congress for the Office of Combina-tion Products, pursuant to the Medical De-vice User Fee and Modernization Act of 2002, Public Law 107-250, 21 U.S.C. 353(g); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7193. A letter from the Division Chief, WTB/Mobility Division, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Amendment of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Maritime Radio Equipment and Related Matters [WT Docket No.: 14-36]; Petition to Request that FCC Amend the Rules to Permit the Use of Maritime VHF Portable Radios Ashore Near Areas of Maritime and Boating Activity [RM-11540]; Petition for Rulemaking to Amend Part 80 of the Commission’s Rules to Provide for a Digital Small Message Service on Certain Maritime VHF Channels [RM- 11563]; and other regulations, received Sep-tember 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7194. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed item to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7195. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the 2015 report on U.S. Partici-pation in the United Nations, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 287b(a); Dec. 20, 1945, ch. 583, Sec. 4(a) (as amended by Public Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 1501A-465); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7196. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s report cov-ering the period from June 10, 2016, to Au-gust 9, 2016 on the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 107- 243, Sec. 4(a); (116 Stat. 1501) and 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 102-1, Sec. 3 (as amend-ed by Public Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 1501A-422); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 7197. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia, that was declared in Executive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7198. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Sudan that was de-clared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7199. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7200. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Burundi that was de-clared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7201. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Somalia that was de-clared in Executive Order 13536 of April 12, 2010, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7202. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to significant malicious cyber-enabled activities that was declared in Executive Order 13694 of April 1, 2015, pursu-ant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7203. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7204. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7205. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting a notifi-cation of the termination of the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13047, and subsequent Executive Orders, with re-spect to the situation in or in relation to Burma, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(b); Public Law 95-223 Sec. 204(b); (91 Stat. 1627) (H. Doc. No. 114–183); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 7206. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency, with re-spect to Sudan, originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, as amended, is to continue in effect beyond No-vember 3, 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114—175); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 7207. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency with re-spect to Iran, declared in Executive Order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6167 November 14, 2016 
12170 of November 14, 1979, is to continue in effect beyond November 14, 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114—176); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed. 7208. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency, with re-spect to significant narcotics traffickers cen-tered in Colombia declared in Executive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, is to continue in effect beyond October 21, 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114—173); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed. 7209. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion of an Executive Order that takes addi-tional steps with respect to the national emergency declared with respect to the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Execu-tive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006 to con-tinue in effect beyond October 27, 2016, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114— 174); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 7210. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency with re-spect to Burundi, declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, is to con-tinue in effect beyond November 22, 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94- 412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114—177); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and ordered to be printed. 7211. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the continuation of the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that was de-clared in Executive Order 12938, as amended, is to continue in effect beyond November 14, 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114—179); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 7212. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d)(1); Public Law 92-403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7213. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d)(1); Public Law 92-403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7214. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress on the sta-tus of the Government of Cuba’s compliance with the United States-Cuba September 1994 ‘‘Joint Communique’’ and the treatment by the Government of Cuba of persons returned to Cuba in accordance with the United States-Cuba May 1995 ‘‘Joint Statement’’, together known as the Migration Accords, pursuant to Public Law 105-277, Sec. 2245; (112 Stat. 2681-824); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7215. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7216. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-058, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7217. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-078, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7218. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Office of the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology and Lo-gistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s intent to sign Amendment Number One to the Memorandum of Under-standing Among the Department Defence of Australia and the Department of National Defence of Canada and the Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Department of Defense of the United States of America, Transmittal No. 28-16, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7219. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to the Export Administration Reg-ulations (EAR): Control of Fire Control, Laser, Imaging, and Guidance Equipment the President Determines No Longer Warrant Control Under the United States Munitions List (USML) [Docket No.: 140221170-6403-03] (RIN: 0694-AF75) received October 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7220. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cuba: Revisions to License Ex-ceptions [Docket No.: 160915848-6952-01] (RIN: 0694-AH12) received October 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7221. A letter from the Chair and CoChair, Congressional-Executive Commission on China, transmitting the 2016 Annual Report of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6912(g); Pub-lic Law 106-286, Sec. 302(g); (114 Stat. 897); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7222. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments to the Export Ad-ministration Regulations: Part 760, Report-ing Requirements Optional Electronic Filing of Reports of Requests For Restrictive Trade Practice or Boycott [Docket No.: 160303188- 6188-01] (RIN: 0694-AG92) received October 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7223. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Office of Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter informing Congress of the Department’s intent to sign a Memorandum of Understanding Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Finland, Trans-mittal No.: 29-16, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7224. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the United Arab Emirates, Transmittal No. 16-45, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7225. A letter from the Deputy Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a pro-posed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to Iraq, Transmittal No. 16-42, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7226. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Kuwait, Transmittal No. 16-38, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7227. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Egypt, Transmittal No. 16-49, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7228. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Report of U.S. Persons Expropriation Claims and Cer-tain Other Commercial and Investment Dis-putes’’, pursuant to Sec. 527(f) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995, Public Law 103-236; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7229. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Second FY 2016 Report to Congress on U.S. Assistance for Palestinian Security Forces and Benchmarks for Pales-tinian Security Assistance Funds, pursuant to Sec. 7041(j)(4) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2016 (Div. K, Public Law 114-113) (FY 2016 SFOAA); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7230. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations: Revision of U.S. Muni-tions List Category XII (RIN: 1400-AD32) re-ceived October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7231. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s report de-scribing a proposed transaction that is nec-essary for and within the scope of the 2013 Presidential waiver of the prohibitions in sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, pursuant to Sec. 40(g)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7232. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Memorandum of Justification for the Determination Under Sec. 620(q) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, Relating to Assistance to Yemen; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7233. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination to waive the certification requirement in section 7044(d)(1) regarding FY 2016 Economic Sup-port Funds; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6168 November 14, 2016 
7234. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. 16-073, pursu-ant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7235. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 15-138, pursuant to Section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7236. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. 16-086, pursu-ant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7237. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. 16-057, pursu-ant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7238. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. 16-046, pursu-ant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7239. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. 16-090, pursu-ant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7240. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. 16-067, pursu-ant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7241. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-052, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 3(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7242. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. 16-066, pursu-ant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7243. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-063, pursuant to Sections 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7244. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-070, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7245. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-085, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7246. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-075, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7247. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cuban Assets Control Regulations received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7248. A letter from the President Of The United States, transmitting notification of missile strikes on radar facilities in Houthi- controlled territory in Yemen in response to anti-ship cruise missile launches perpetrated by Houthi insurgents that threatened U.S. Navy warships in the international waters of the Red Sea on October 9 and October 12, 2016, pursuant to the War Powers Resolution (Public Law 93-148) (H. Doc. No. 114—170); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed. 7249. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-490, ‘‘Motor Vehicle Collision Recovery Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7250. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-491, ‘‘Safe at Home Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7251. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-492, ‘‘Rent Control Hardship Pe-tition Limitation Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7252. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-493, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Correction and Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7253. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-494, ‘‘Interior Design Charitable Event Regulation Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7254. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-507, ‘‘Omnibus Sursum Corda De-velopment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7255. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-508, ‘‘Law Enforcement Career Opportunity Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7256. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-509, ‘‘Senior Law Enforcement Officer Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7257. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-510, ‘‘Real Property Tax Appeals Commission Review Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7258. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-518, ‘‘Ward 5 Paint Spray Booth Conditional Moratorium Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7259. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-519, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dis-pose of 1300 H Street, N.E., and Approval of Amended Term Sheet Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7260. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-520, ‘‘Fort Dupont Ice Arena Programming Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7261. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-521, ‘‘Child and Youth, Safety and Health Omnibus Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7262. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-522, ‘‘Closing of Public Streets and Dedication of Land for Street and Alley Purposes in and abutting Squares 3953, 3954, 4024, 4025, and Parcel 143/45, S.O. 14-20357, Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7263. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the semiannual re-port prepared by the Inspector General of the Farm Credit Administration for the period of April 1, 2016, through September 30, 2016, pur-suant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7264. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a letter stating the Department is in the process of closing the accounting books and records for FY 2016 and the release date of November 15, 2016, for the Agency Finan-cial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7265. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-505, ‘‘Rental Housing Late Fee Fairness Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7266. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and des-ignation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7267. A letter from the Deputy Archivist of the United States, Information Security Oversight Office, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Controlled Un-classified Information [FDMS No.: NARA-15- 0001; NARA-2016-048] (RIN: 3095-AB80) re-ceived October 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7268. A letter from the Chairman, Board of Trustees and President, John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, transmitting the Center’s audited financial statements for the years ending September 27, 2015, and Sep-tember 28, 2014, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. 8G(h)(2); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 8G(h)(2) (as added by Public Law 100-504, Sec. 104(a)); (102 Stat. 2525); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7269. A letter from the Chairman, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting a report titled ‘‘The Merit System Principles: Guiding the Fair and Effective Management of the Federal Workforce’’, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1204(a)(3); Public Law 95-454, Sec. 202(a) (as amended by Public Law 101-12, Sec. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6169 November 14, 2016 
3(a)(7)); (103 Stat. 17); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7270. A letter from the Chairman, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s semi-annual report on the activities of the Inspector General for April 1, 2016, through September 30, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7271. A letter from the Chairman, National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the Endowment’s FY 2015 inventory of the com-mercial and inherently governmental activi-ties performed by Federal employees, pursu-ant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7272. A letter from the Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s annual submission, dated Sep-tember 30, 2016, regarding agency compliance with the Federal Managers’ Financial Integ-rity Act and revised Office of Management and Budget Circular A-123; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7273. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance Program: Excepted Service and Pathways Programs (RIN: 3206- AM98) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7274. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s report titled ‘‘Federal Student Loan Repayment Program’’ for Calendar Year 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5379(h)(2); Public Law 101-510, Sec. 1206(b)(1) (as added by Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1122(a)); (114 Stat. 1654A-316); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7275. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘Contracting Out School Food Services Failed to Control Costs as Promised’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7276. A letter from the HR Specialist (Exec-utive Resources), Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting notification of a fed-eral vacancy, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7277. A letter from the Director; Division of Regulations, Legislation and Interpretation, Wage and Hour Division, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Establishing Paid Sick Leave for Federal Contractors (RIN: 1235-AA13) re-ceived September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7278. A letter from the Chief Administra-tive Officer, transmitting the quarterly re-port of receipts and expenditures of appro-priations and other funds for the period July 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016 (H. Doc. No. 114– 182); to the Committee on House Administra-tion and ordered to be printed. 7279. A letter from the Division Chief, Bu-reau of Land Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Minerals Management: Adjust-ment of Cost Recovery Fees [16X.LLWO310000.L13100000.PP0000] (RIN: 1004-AE47) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7280. A letter from the Office of Native Ha-waiian Relations, Office of the Secretary, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Land Exchange Procedures and Procedures to Amend the Ha-waiian Homes Commission Act, 1920 [167D0102DM; DLSN00000.000000; DS61400000; DX61401] (RIN: 1090-AA98) received Sep-tember 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7281. A letter from the Unified Listing Team Manager, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final determination — Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Critical Habitat for the Marbled Murrelet [Docket No.: FWS-R1-ES- 2015-0070; 4500030114] (RIN: 1018-BA91) re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7282. A letter from the Acting Manager, Unified Listing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for the Elfin-woods Warbler with 4(d) Rule [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2015-0144] [4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA94) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7283. A letter from the Chief, Division of Policy, Performance, and Management Pro-grams, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Amending the Formats of the Lists of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants [Docket No.: FWS-R9-ES-2008-0063; 92300-1113-0000-9B] (RIN: 1018-AU62) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7284. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-covery and State Grants, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Marine Mammals; Incidental Take During Specified Activities [Docket No.: FWS-R7- ES-2016-0060; FF07CAMM00FXFR133707REG01167] (RIN: 1018-BA99) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7285. A letter from the Conservation Policy Specialist, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska [Docket No.: FWS-R7- NWRS-2014-0005; FF07R00000 FXRS12610700000 156 Obligation #4500093321] (RIN: 1018-BA31) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7286. A letter from the Unified Listing Team Manager, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threat-ened Species Status for the Eastern Massasauga Rattlesnake [Docket No.: FWS- R3-ES-2015-0145; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA98) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7287. A letter from the Acting Branch Chief, Unified Listing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Su-wannee Moccasinshell [Docket No.: FWS-R4- ES-2015-0142; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BB09) re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7288. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-covery and State Grants, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the San Miguel Island Fox, Santa Rosa Island Fox, and Santa Cruz Island Fox from the Federal List of Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife, and Reclassi-fying the Santa Catalina Island Fox from Endangered to Threatened [Docket No.: FWS-R8-ES-2015-0170; FFXES11130000-156- FF08E00000] (RIN: 1018-BA71) received Octo-ber 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7289. A letter from the Acting Branch Chief, Unified Listing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Status for Lepidium papilliferum (Slickspot Peppergrass) Throughout Its Range [Docket No.: FWS-R1- ES-2013-0117; MO 92210-0-0008 B2] (RIN: 1018- BA27) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 7290. A letter from the Acting Branch Chief, Unified Listing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for the Miami Tiger Beetle (Cicindelidia floridana) [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2015-0164; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA16) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7291. A letter from the Acting Chief, Uni-fied Listing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for the Sierra Nevada Yellow-Legged Frog, the Northern DPS of the Mountain Yellow- Legged Frog, and the Yosemite Toad [Docket No.: FWS-R8-ES-2012-0074; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AY07) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7292. A letter from the Acting Unified List-ing Team Manager, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Platanthera integrilabia (White Fringeless Orchid) [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2015-0129; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA93) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7293. A letter from the Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — General Provi-sions and Non-Federal Oil and Gas Rights [NPS-WASO-NRSS-21688; GPO Deposit Ac-count 4311H2] (RIN: 1024-AD78) received Octo-ber 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7294. A letter from the Acting Unified List-ing Team Manager, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6170 November 14, 2016 
the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Des-ignation of Critical Habitat for the Acuna Cactus and the Fickeisen Plains Cactus [Docket No.: FWS-R2-ES-2013-0025; 4500090023] (RIN: 1018-AZ43) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7295. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2016 Commercial Accountability Measures and Closure for Blueline Tilefish in the South At-lantic Region [Docket No.: 140501394-5279-02] (RIN: 0648-XE629) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7296. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Western and Central Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; 2016 Bigeye Tuna Longline Fishery Closure [Docket No.: 160205084-6510-02] (RIN: 0648- XE719) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 7297. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Operations, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Spiny Dogfish Fishery; 2016-2018 Specifica-tions [Docket No.: 160301165-6692-02] (RIN: 0648-BF88) received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7298. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South At-lantic; Snapper-Grouper Fishery Off the Southern Atlantic States; Regulatory Amendment 25 [Docket No.: 160225143-6583-02] (RIN: 0648-BF61) received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7299. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act Provisions; Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Skate Complex; Framework Ad-justment 3; Correction [Docket No.: 160301164-6694-02] (RIN: 0648-BF87) received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7300. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Operations, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Skate Complex Fishery; Frame-work Adjustment 3 and 2016-2017 Specifica-tions [Docket No.: 160301164-6694-02] (RIN: 0648-BF87) received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7301. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — International Fisheries; Tuna and Tuna-Like Species in the Eastern Pacific Ocean; Fishing Restrictions Regarding Mobulid Rays [Docket No.: 160104009-6617-02] (RIN: 0648-BF65) received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7302. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary final rule — Atlantic Highly Migra-tory Species; Adjustments to 2016 Northern Albacore Tuna and Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Quotas [Docket No.: 160706586-6780-01] (RIN: 0648-XE726) received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7303. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Mariana Archipelago Fisheries; Re-move the CNMI Medium and Large Vessel Bottomfish Prohibited Areas [Docket No.: 150908833-6738-02] (RIN: 0648-BF37) received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7304. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final specifications — Pacific Island Pelagic Fish-eries; 2016 U.S. Territorial Longline Bigeye Tuna Catch Limits [Docket No.: 151023986- 6763-02] (RIN: 0648-XE284) received October 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7305. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s interim rule — International Fish-eries; Western and Central Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Fishing Effort Limits in Purse Seine Fisheries for 2016 [Docket No.: 160322276-6276-01] (RIN: 0648- BF93) received October 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 7306. A letter from the Department Pro-gram Director, Office of Acquisition and Property Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revision to Nonprocurement Suspension and Debarment Regulations [Docket No.: DOI-2015-0007] (RIN: 1090-AB12) received October 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7307. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement, Office of Surface Mining, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Alabama Regulatory Program [SATS No.: AL-079-FOR; Docket ID: OSMRE-2016-0005; S1D1S SS08011000 SX064A000 178S180110; S2D2S SS08011000 SX064A000 17XS501520] received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7308. A letter from the Senior Advisor for Native Hawaiian Affairs, Office of the Sec-retary, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Proce-dures for Reestablishing a Formal Govern-ment-to-Government Relationship With the Native Hawaiian Community [Docket No.: DOI-2015-0005; 145D010DMDS6CS00000.000000 DX.6CS252410] (RIN: 1090-AB05) received Oc-tober 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7309. A letter from the FWS Chief, Branch of Aquatic Invasive Species, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Injurious Wildlife Species; Listing 10 Fresh-water Fish and 1 Crayfish [Docket No.: FWS- HQ-FAC-2013-0095; FXFR13360900000-167- FF09F14000] (RIN: 1018-AY69) received Octo-ber 5, 2006, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7310. A letter from the Wildlife Biologist, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Migratory Bird Hunting; Seasons and Bag and Possession Limits for Certain Migratory Game Birds [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-MB-2015-0034] [FF09M21200-167-FXMB1231099BPP0] (RIN: 1018-BA70) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7311. A letter from the Chief, Wildlife Trade and Conservation Branch, DMA, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Inclusion of Four Native U.S. Freshwater Turtle Species in Appendix III of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-ES-2013-0052] (RIN: 1018-AZ53) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7312. A letter from the Chief, Unified List-ing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Kentucky Arrow Dart-er [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2015-0133; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BB05) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7313. A letter from the Chief, Unified List-ing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Lesser Prai-rie-Chicken Removed From the List of En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWS-R2-ES-2016-0028; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BB67) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7314. A letter from the Chief, Unified List-ing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Kentucky Arrow Darter with 4(d) Rule [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2015- 0132; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AZ09) received Oc-tober 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7315. A letter from the Chief, Unified List-ing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Status for Five Species From American Samoa [Docket No.: FWS-R1-ES-2015-0128; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6171 November 14, 2016 
4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AZ97) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7316. A letter from the Conservation Policy Specialist, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — 2016-2017 Refuge- Specific Hunting and Sport Fishing Regula-tions [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-NWRS-2016-0007; FXRS12650900000-167-FF09R26000] (RIN: 1018- BB31) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 7317. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Listing and Policy Support, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Revisions to the Regulations for Pe-titions [Docket Nos.: FWS-HQ-ES-2015-0016 and DOC: 150506429-6767-04; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA53; 0648-BF06) received October 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7318. A letter from the Acting Chief, Branch of Foreign Species, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s direct final Rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Taxonomic Correction for the Grand Cayman Ground Iguana [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-ES-2016-0097; 4500030115] (RIN: 1018- BB69) received October 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 7319. A letter from the Acting Unified List-ing Team Manager, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Chamaecrista lineata var. keyensis (Big Pine Partridge Pea), Chamaesyce deltoidea ssp. serpyllum (Wedge Spurge), and Linum arenicola (Sand Flax), and Threatened Spe-cies Status for Argythamnia blodgettii (Blodgett’s Silverbush) [Docket No.: FWS- R4-ES-2015-0137; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AZ95) received October 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 7320. A letter from the Unified Listing Team Manager, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endan-gered Status for 49 Species From the Hawai-ian Islands [Docket No.: FWS-R1-ES-2015- 0125; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BB07) received Oc-tober 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7321. A letter from the Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a deci-sion on Free Speech Coalition, Inc. v. Attor-ney General, 825 F.3d 149 (3d Cir. 2016), pursu-ant to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a)(1); Public Law 107- 273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 7322. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-ficer, United States Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Inter-national Trademark Classification Changes [Docket No.: PTO-T-2016-0038] (RIN: 0651- AD12) received November 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7323. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Civil Rights Division, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Amendment of Americans With Disabilities Act Title II and Title III Regulations To Implement ADA Amendments Act of 2008 [CRT Docket No.: 124; AG Order No.: 3702-2016] (RIN: 1190-AA59) received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7324. A letter from the Special Agent in Charge, Branch of Investigations, Office of Law Enforcement, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s interim rule — Civil Penalties; Inflation Adjustments for Civil Monetary Penalties [Docket No.: FWS- HQ-LE-2016-0045] [FF09L00200-FX- LE18110900000] (RIN: 1018-BB32) received Oc-tober 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 7325. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Regu-latory Coordination Division, U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final rule — U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services Fee Schedule [CIS No.: 2577-15; DHS Docket No.: USCIS- 2016-0001] (RIN: 1615-AC09) received October 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7326. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-rity Regulations Branch, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Establishment of the Electronic Visa Update System (EVUS) [CBP Dec. No.: 16-17] [USCBP-2016-0046] (RIN: 1651- AB08) received October 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7327. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-ficer, United States Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Trade-mark Fee Adjustment [Docket No.: PTO-T- 2016-0005] (RIN: 0651-AD08) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7328. A letter from the Administrator, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification that the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA-3377- EM in the State of Florida has exceeded the $5 million limit for a single emergency dec-laration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 5193(b)(3); Public Law 93-288, Sec. 503(b)(3) (as amended by Public Law 100-707, Sec. 107(a)); (102 Stat. 4707); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7329. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone; 22nd International Seapower Symposium Special Events, Rosecliff Mansion and Newport Mar-riott Hotel, Newport, RI [USCG-2016-0813] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7330. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone; 22nd International Seapower Symposium, Goat Is-land, Newport, RI [USCG-2016-0790] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7331. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; International Jet Sports Boating As-sociation; Lake Havasu City, AZ [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0733] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7332. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Colum-bia River, Sand Island, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0818] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7333. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; The Perry Group Fireworks Display, Put-in-Bay, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0822] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7334. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; M/V Zhen Hua, Blount Island Marine Terminal Crane Movement; St. Johns River, Jackson-ville, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0828] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7335. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Recurring Marine Events and Fireworks Displays within the Fifth Coast Guard District [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0854] (RIN: 1625-AA00, AA08) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7336. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Navy UNDET, Apra Outer Harbor, GU [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0791] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7337. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Atchafalaya River, Morgan City, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0757] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7338. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s no-tice of enforcement of regulation — Special Local Regulations; Ironman 70.3 Augusta Triathlon, Savannah River [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0714] received October 5, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7339. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Ohio River, Madison, IN [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0717] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6172 November 14, 2016 
October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7340. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; New River, Fort Lauderdale, FL [Dock-et No.: USCG-2015-0271] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7341. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; South Branch of the Chicago River and Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal, Chicago, IL [Dock-et No.: USCG-2016-0451] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7342. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Arkan-sas River, Little Rock, AR [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0885] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7343. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: Monte Foundation Fireworks Extravaganza, Capitola, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0825] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7344. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Keweenaw Waterway, Houghton and Hancock, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0582] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7345. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Tem-porary Change to Date and Location for Re-curring Pittsburgh Steelers Fireworks Dis-play within the Eighth Coast Guard District, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0895] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7346. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Main Branch of the Chicago River, Chicago, IL [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0883] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7347. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; 100th Ore Dock Anniversary Celebration; Chequamegon Bay, Ashland, WI [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0918] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7348. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Dredg-ing, Shark River, NJ [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0824] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7349. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Alle-gheny River, Ohio River, Monongahela River, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0912] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7350. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Diving Operations, Delaware River, Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0899] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7351. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class D Airspace; Vancouver, WA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4133; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM-27] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7352. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3781; Directorate Identifier 2015- SW-048-AD; Amendment 39-18649; AD 2016-18- 18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7353. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-6901; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-192-AD; Amendment 39-18646; AD 2016-18-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7354. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace, and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Troy, AL [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0726; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO-9] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7355. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace, Truckee, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4074; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AWP-16] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7356. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-5591; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-193- AD; Amendment 39-18651; AD 2016-19-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7357. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Ithaca, NY [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 8816; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AEA-5] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7358. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Viking Air Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4229; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-038-AD; Amendment 39-18657; AD 2016-19-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7359. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification of Class D Airspace; Peru, IN [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 6006; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AGL-3] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7360. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-5035; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-042-AD; Amendment 39-18650; AD 2016-19-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7361. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Jetmore, KS [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-7002; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ACE-5] re-ceived October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7362. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; International Aero Engines AG Tur-bofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5392; Directorate Identifier 2016-NE-10-AD; Amendment 39-18654; AD 2016-19-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7363. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Lakota, ND [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 6115; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-14] re-ceived October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7364. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6173 November 14, 2016 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class D and E Airspace; Brookshire, TX [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0742; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASW- 5] received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7365. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-5814; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-247- AD; Amendment 39-18639; AD 2016-18-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7366. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Alliance, NE; and Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Nebraska Towns; Albion, NE; Alliance, NE; Gothen-burg, NE; Holdrege, NE; Imperial, NE; Lex-ington, NE; and Millard Airport, Omaha, NE [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5388; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ACE-4] received October 3, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7367. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-6671; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-164- AD; Amendment 39-18643; AD 2016-18-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7368. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Sioux City, IA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-7487; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ACE-7] re-ceived October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7369. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-6665; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-070-AD; Amendment 39-18644; AD 2016-18-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7370. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9070; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-NM-118-AD; Amend-ment 39-18642; AD 2016-18-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7371. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics (Type Cer-tificate Previously Held by Saab AB, Saab Aerosystems) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-6668; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-149- AD; Amendment 39-18627; AD 2016-17-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7372. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-8135; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-106-AD; Amendment 39-18636; AD 2016-18-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7373. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-6550; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-162- AD; Amendment 39-18638; AD 2016-18-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7374. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Re-gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0077; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-254-AD; Amendment 39-18645; AD 2016-18-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7375. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9108; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-133- AD; Amendment 39-18655; AD 2016-19-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7376. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6146; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-120-AD; Amendment 39-18656; AD 2016-19-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7377. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Indiana, PA [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-6138; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AEA-3] re-ceived October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7378. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Glasgow, KY [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-6134; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASO-8] re-ceived October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7379. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace, Falmouth, MA [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5444; Airspace Docket No.: 16- ANE-1] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7380. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Hagerstown, MD [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4513; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AEA-8] received October 13, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7381. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Tekamah, NE [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-6989; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ACE-7] re-ceived October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7382. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9116; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-NM-130-AD; Amend-ment 39-18672; AD 2016-20-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7383. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2013-0828; Directorate Identifier 2012-NM-036- AD; Amendment 39-18637; AD 2016-18-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7384. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6148; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-154-AD; Amendment 39-18660; AD 2016-19-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7385. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31096; Amdt. No.: 3713] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7386. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31097; Amdt. No.: 3714] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7387. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6174 November 14, 2016 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31094; Amdt. No.: 3711] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7388. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31095; Amdt. No.: 3712] received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7389. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification of Colored Federal Airway B-1; Alaska [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4648; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AAL- 1] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7390. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; REIMS AVIATION S.A. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-8161; Directorate Identifier 2016-CE-018-AD; Amendment 39- 18664; AD 2016-19-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7391. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics (Formerly Known as Saab AB, Saab Aerosystems) Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9114; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-NM-146-AD; Amend-ment 39-18671; AD 2016-20-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7392. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2011-1068; Directorate Identifier 2010-NM-189-AD; Amendment 39-18647; AD 2016-18-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7393. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-3992; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-075-AD; Amendment 39-18653; AD 2016-19-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7394. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbo-prop and Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4866; Directorate Identifier 2015- NE-33-AD; Amendment 39-18648; AD 2016-18- 17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7395. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Canada Lim-ited (Bell) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9144; Directorate Identifier 2016-SW-014- AD; Amendment 39-18667; AD 2016-20-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7396. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-5039; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-148- AD; Amendment 39-18659; AD 2016-19-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7397. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9168; Directorate Identifier 2016-SW-028- AD; Amendment 39-18670; AD 2016-20-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7398. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0935; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-243-AD; Amendment 39-18652; AD 2016-19-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7399. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5307; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-NE-08-AD; Amendment 39-18658; AD 2016-19-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7400. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification of Class E Airspace; Napa, CA [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 5574; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AWP-5] re-ceived October 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7401. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-8471; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-153-AD; Amendment 39-18666; AD 2016-19-17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7402. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6551; Directorate Identifier 2013-SW-070-AD; Amendment 39- 18682; AD 2016-21-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7403. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5872; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-NE-11-AD; Amendment 39-18681; AD 2016-20-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7404. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Continental Motors, Inc. Recipro-cating Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-0069; Directorate Identifier 2016-NE-01-AD; Amendment 39-18685; AD 2016-21-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7405. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8132; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-127- AD; Amendment 39-18663; AD 2016-19-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7406. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8470; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-199- AD; Amendment 39-18674; AD 2016-20-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7407. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-6418; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-158- AD; Amendment 39-18676; AD 2016-20-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7408. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Cancellation of Standard Instrument Approach Procedures as Part of the National Procedures Assessment (NPA) Initiative [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0783; Amdt. No.: 97-1338] (RIN: 2120-AA65) received Octo-ber 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7409. A letter from the Assistant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pipeline Safe-ty: Expanding the Use of Excess Flow Valves in Gas Distribution Systems to Applications Other Than Single-Family Residences [Dock-et No.: PHMSA-2011-0009; Amdt. No.: 192-121] (RIN: 2137-AE71) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6175 November 14, 2016 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7410. A letter from the Assistant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Pipe-line Safety: Enhanced Emergency Order Pro-cedures [Docket No.: PHMSA-2016-0091; Amdt. No.: 190-18] (RIN: 2137-AF26) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7411. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-5042; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-140-AD; Amendment 39-18680; AD 2016-20-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7412. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3629; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-011-AD; Amendment 39-18662; AD 2016-19-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7413. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-3703; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-115-AD; Amendment 39-18669; AD 2016-20-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7414. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6640; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-SW-084-AD; Amend-ment 39-18683; AD 2016-21-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7415. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscella-neous Amendments [Docket No.: 31102; Amdt. No.: 529] received October 21, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7416. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems (NPIAS) report, 2017-2021, pursuant to title 49, U.S.C. 47103; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 7417. A letter from the Senior Attorney Ad-visor — Regulations Officer, Federal High-way Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Right-of-Way and Real Estate [Docket No.: FHWA-2014-0026] (RIN: 2125- AF62) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7418. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-man, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments To Implement Grants Provi-sions of the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act [Docket No.: FMCSA-2016-0149] (RIN: 2126-AB91) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7419. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-man, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Commercial Driver’s License Requirements of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21) and the Military Com-mercial Driver’s License Act of 2012 [Docket No.: FMCSA-2016-0051] (RIN: 2126-AB68) re-ceived October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7420. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for the Oil and Gas Extraction Point Source Category — Imple-mentation Date Extension [EPA-HQ-OW- 2016-0598; FRL-9953-26-OW] (RIN: 2040-AF68) received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7421. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Federal Highway Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Asset Manage-ment Plans and Periodic Evaluations of Fa-cilities Repeatedly Requiring Repair and Re-construction Due to Emergency Events [Docket No.: FHWA-2013-0052] (RIN: 2125- AF57) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7422. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-man, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Parts and Accessories Necessary for Safe Op-eration; Windshield-Mounted Technologies [Docket No.: FMCSA-2016-0234] (RIN: 2126- AB94) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7423. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA-2011-0060, Notice No.: 3] (RIN: 2130-AC31) received October 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7424. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Revisions to Arbitra-tion Procedures [Docket No.: EP 730] (RIN: 2140-AB24) received October 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7425. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the West Shore Lake Pontchartrain Hurricane and Storm Damage Risk Reduction Study Integrated Draft Fea-sibility Report and Environmental Impact Statement for November 2014 (H. Doc. No. 114—171); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 7426. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Procurement, Office of Procure-ment, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s interim rule — NASA Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement: Revised Vouch-er Submission and Payment Process (NFS Case 2016-N025) (RIN: 2700-AE34) received Oc-tober 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 7427. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of Government Contracting and Business Development, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s direct final rule — HUBZone and National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 Amendments (RIN: 3245-AG81) received October 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 7428. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Disaster As-sistance Loan Program; Disaster Loan Credit and Collateral Requirements (RIN: 3245- AG61) received October 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 7429. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Policy and Management (00REG), Office of the Sec-retary (00REG), Department of Veterans Af-fairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Repayment by VA of Educational Loans for Certain Psychiatrists (RIN: 2900- AP57) received September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 7430. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Policy and Management (00REG), Office of the Sec-retary (00REG), Department of Veterans Af-fairs, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Extension of the Presumptive Period for Compensation for Gulf War Vet-erans (RIN: 2900-AP84) received October 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 7431. A letter from the National Adjutant, Chief Executive Officer, Disabled American Veterans, transmitting the reports and pro-ceedings of the 2016 National Convention of the Disabled American Veterans, held in At-lanta, Georgia, July 31-August 3, 2016, pursu-ant to 36 U.S.C. 50308 (H. Doc. No. 114—172); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and ordered to be printed. 7432. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting two reports ti-tled ‘‘The Department of Labor’s 2015 Find-ings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor’’ and ’’The Department of Labor’s List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor‘‘, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2464; Public Law 93-618, Sec. 504 (as amended by Public Law 99-514, Sec. 1887(a)(6)) (100 Stat. 2923); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 7433. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Section 707 Regarding Disguised Sales, Generally [TD 9787] (RIN: 1545-BK29) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7434. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Credit for Increasing Research Activities [TD 9786] (RIN: 1545-BC70) received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6176 November 14, 2016 
October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7435. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Employee Plans Compliance Resolu-tion System (’’EPCRS’’) Update (Rev. Proc. 2016-51) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7436. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Special per diem rates 2016-2017 [No-tice 2016-58] received October 5, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7437. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Liabilities Recog-nized as Recourse Partnership Liabilities Under Section 752 [TD 9788] (RIN: 1545-BM84) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7438. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicability of Rev. Proc. 2001-38 When Portability is Elected under Sec. 2010 (Rev. Proc. 2016-49) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 7439. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Fringe Benefits Aircraft Valuation Formula (Revenue Ruling 2016-24) received October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7440. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Extension of Replacement Period for Livestock Sold on Account of Drought [No-tice 2016-60] received October 5, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7441. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Procedures under Section 165(i) (Rev. Proc. 2016-53) received October 20, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7442. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — Novem-ber 2016 (Rev. Rul. 2016-26) received October 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7443. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Election to take disaster loss deduction for preceding year [TD 9789] (RIN: 1545-BM03) received October 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7444. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2016 National Pool (Rev. Proc. 2016-52) received October 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7445. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Addition to No Rule List for Section 851 (Rev. Proc. 2016-50) received October 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7446. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Guidance Concerning Use of 2017 CSO Tables Under Section 7702 [Notice 2016-63] re-ceived October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7447. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2017 Cost-of-Living Adjustments to the Internal Revenue Code Tax Tables and Other Items (Rev. Proc. 2016-55) received Oc-tober 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7448. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Relief for Hurricane Matthew Victims (Announcement 2016-39) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7449. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s Major final regulations and temporary regulations — Treatment of Certain Interests in Cor-porations as Stock or Indebtedness [TD 9790] (RIN: 1545-BN40) received October 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 7450. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rules — Excepted Benefits; Lifetime and An-nual Limits; and Short-Term, Limited-Dura-tion Insurance [TD 9791] (RIN: 1545-BN44) re-ceived November 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7451. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Transaction of Interest —— Section 831(b) Micro-Captive Transactions [Notice 2016-66] received November 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7452. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rules — Unsuccessful Work Attempts and Expedited Reinstate-ment Eligibility [Docket No.: SSA-2014-0016] (RIN: 0960-AH66) received October 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 7453. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Technical Correc-tion: New Mailing Address for the National Commodity Specialist Division, Regulations and Rulings, Office of Trade (RIN: 1515-AE17) received October 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7454. A letter from the Chairman, U.S. International Trade Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s report titled ‘‘Andean Trade Preference Act (ATPA): Impact on U.S. Industries and Consumers and on Drug Crop Eradication and Crop Substitution, 2015’’, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 3204(a)(1); Public Law 102-182, Sec. 206(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 106-200, Sec. 211(d)(2)); (114 Stat. 287); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7455. A letter from the Policy Officer, Army National Military Cemeteries, Depart-ment of the Army, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Army National Military Cemeteries [Docket No.: USA-2015-HQ-0046] (RIN: 0702-AA60) re-ceived October 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Veterans’ Affairs. 7456. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report to Congress titled ‘‘Response to Findings and Recommendations of the Hy-drogen and Fuel Cell Technical Advisory Committee during Fiscal Years 2014 and 2015’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16156(d)(2); Pub-lic Law 109-58, Sec. 807(d)(2); (119 Stat. 849); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 7457. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare and Medicaid Programs; CY 2017 Home Health Prospective Payment System Rate Update; Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model; and Home Health Quality Reporting Requirements [CMS-1648-F] (RIN: 0938-AS80) received No-vember 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 7458. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Reform of Requirements for Long- Term Care Facilities [CMS-3260-F] (RIN: 0938-AR61) received September 29, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 7459. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight, Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the De-partment’s final rules — Excepted Benefits; Lifetime and Annual Limits; and Short- Term, Limited-Duration Insurance [CMS- 9932-F] (RIN: 0938-AS93) received October 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 7460. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicare Program; End-Stage Renal Disease Prospective Payment System, Coverage and Payment for Renal Dialysis Services Furnished to Individuals with Acute Kidney Injury, End-Stage Renal Disease Quality Incentive Program, Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Sup-plies Competitive Bidding Program Bid Sur-ety Bonds, State Licensure and Appeals Process for Breach of Contract Actions, Du-rable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies Competitive Bidding Program and Fee Schedule Adjustments, Ac-cess to Care Issues for Durable Medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6177 November 14, 2016 
Equipment; and the Comprehensive End- Stage Renal Disease Care Model [CMS-1651- F] (RIN: 0938-AS83) received November 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 7461. A letter from the Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two reports on Medicare payments for clin-ical diagnostic laboratory tests, pursuant to the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, Public Law 113-93; jointly to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 7462. A letter from the General Counsel, Of-fice of Compliance, transmitting the Bien-nial Report on the Americans with Disabil-ities Act Inspections Relating to Public Services and Accommodations during the 113th Congress, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 1331(f)(2); Public Law 104-1, Sec. 210(f)(2); (109 Stat. 15); jointly to the Committees on House Administration and Education and the Workforce. 7463. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Attorney General’s Fourth Quar-terly Report for FY 2016 on the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 4332(b)(2); Public Law 103-353, Sec. 2(a) (as added by Public Law 110-389, Sec. 312(c)); (122 Stat. 4165); jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Veterans’ Affairs. 7464. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Center for Medicare and Medicaid In-novation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Merit- based Incentive Payment System (MIPS) and Alternative Payment Model (APM) Incentive under the Physician Fee Schedule, and Cri-teria for Physician-Focused Payment Models [CMS-5517-FC] (RIN: 0938-AS69) received Oc-tober 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. 7465. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification to implement commitments in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action by the P5+1 (the United States, the United Kingdom, France, China, Russia, and Germany) and Iran, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012, the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, and the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2012; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1192. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more ef-fective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, di-abetes, and the chronic diseases and condi-tions that result from diabetes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–801). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1209. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health profes-sional shortage areas; with an amendment (Rept. 114–802). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2713. A bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to ex-tend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–803). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4365. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services; with an amendment (Rept. 114–804, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON. Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2566. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the in-tegrity of voice communications and to pre-vent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the de-livery of such communications; with an amendment (Rept. 114–805). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2669. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of inac-curate caller identification information, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–806). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4937. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to reau-thorize pipeline safety programs and enhance pipeline safety, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–807, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. S. 546. An act to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to pro-vide recommendations on emergency re-sponder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving rail-roads, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–808). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5458. A bill to provide for co-ordination between the TRICARE program and eligibility for making contributions to a health savings account, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–809, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5711. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial in-stitution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; with an amendment (Rept. 114–810). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4150. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to modify the hours of employment of physicians and phy-sician assistants employed on a full-time basis by the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–811). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4757. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and me-dallions furnished by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries; with amend-ments (Rept. 114–812). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5047. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Labor to provide information to veterans and members of the Armed Forces about articulation agreements between in-stitutions of higher learning, and for other purposes; (Rept. 114–813). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5099. A bill to estab-lish a pilot program on partnership agree-ments to construct new facilities for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–814). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5399. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report to State licensing authorities impaired, incom-petent, and unethical health care activities (Rept. 114–815). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5428. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to au-thorize spouses of servicemembers to elect to use the same residences as the servicemembers (Rept. 114–816). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5600. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans’ Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance ther-apy technology to veterans; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–817). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 921. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5711) to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial pas-senger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the pe-riod from November 18, 2016, through Novem-ber 28, 2016 (Rept. 114–818). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5715. A bill to prohibit the Export-Import Bank of the United States from providing financing that would benefit Iran; with amendments (Rept. 114–819). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2333. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire cer-tain property related to the Fort Scott Na-tional Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas; with an amendment (Rept. 114–820). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5984. A bill to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indi-ans Water Rights Settlement, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Feb 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\NOV2016\H14NO6.REC H14NO6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6178 November 14, 2016 
purposes (Rept. 114–821). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. S. 3028. An act to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness (Rept. 114–822). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5341. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for recalculation of basic annuity benefits for certain air traffic controllers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–823). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2532. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to en-hance the authority under which Federal agencies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclosures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–824). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6009. A bill to ensure the effective processing of mail by Federal agencies, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–825). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4937 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4365 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5458 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P
OEof Texas, and Mr. H OYER ): H.R. 6297. A bill to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. V
ARGAS ): H.R. 6298. A bill to amend the Export Ad-ministration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by inter-national governmental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6299. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to re-quire a school food authority to make pub-licly available any waiver of the Buy Amer-ican requirement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. SEN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. L
AMALFA , and Mr. H
UDSON ): H.R. 6300. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt certain individ-uals from the individual health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 6301. A bill to provide for certain re-quirements and limitations relating to the recoupment of bonuses and similar payments made to members of the uniformed services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 6302. A bill to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Serv-ice agents performing protective services during 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 6303. A bill to designate facilities of the United States Postal Service, to estab-lish new ZIP Codes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mrs. K
IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Ms. M
CSALLY ): H.R. 6304. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 North Main Street in Florence, Arizona, as the ‘‘Adolfo ’Harpo’ Celaya Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6305. A bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to exclude the receipt of basic allowance for housing for members of the Armed Forces in determining eligibility for certain Federal benefits; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6306. A bill to exempt children of cer-tain Filipino World War II veterans from the numerical limitations on immigrant visas and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6307. A bill to amend the Compact of Free Association of 1985 to provide for ade-quate Compact-impact aid to affected States and territories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6308. A bill to support enhanced ac-countability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6309. A bill to allow acceleration cer-tificates awarded under the Patents for Hu-manity Program to be transferable; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6310. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to waive the minimum period of continuous active duty in the Armed Forces for receipt of certain benefits for homeless veterans, to authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish such benefits to homeless veterans with discharges or re-leases from service in the Armed Forces with other than dishonorable conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6311. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to improve transparency under the national primary drinking water regulations for lead and copper, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 6312. A bill to promote economic op-portunity for military families, to facilitate workforce attachment for military spouses in their chosen occupation across multiple geographical postings, to reduce barriers to work on military installations, to amend the District of Columbia Code to promote great-er freedom in the practice of regulated occu-pations, to combat abuse of occupational li-censing laws by economic incumbents, to promote competition, encourage innovation, protect consumers, and promote compliance with Federal antitrust law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6313. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize knowingly pre-venting the implantation of certain human embryos, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 6314. A bill to establish a commission to study the removal of Mexican-Americans to Mexico during 1929-1941, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. GABBARD: H. Con. Res. 171. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor and the lasting significance of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD: H. Res. 922. A resolution acknowledging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain jurisdiction in remote equa-torial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pa-cific lead to World War II; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JOYCE (for himself and Mr. T
AKANO ): H. Res. 923. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of American Education Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Ms. L
EE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.023 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6179 November 14, 2016 
H. Res. 924. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week beginning on No-vember 14, 2016, as ‘‘National School Psy-chology Week’’; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
302. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Texas, relative to Senate Resolution No. 642, expressing sup-port for the study and regulation of modern agricultural technologies and expressing op-position to regulatory action that results in unnecessary restrictions on the use of mod-ern agricultural technologies; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 303. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assem-bly Concurrent Resolution No. 152, urging Congress to pass S. 1980, which posthumously awards a Congressional Gold Medal to Alice Paul in recognition of her role in the wom-en’s suffrage movement and in advancing equal rights for women; to the Committee on Financial Services. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. UPTON introduced A bill (H.R. 6315) to authorize the award of the Medal of Honor to James C. McCloughan for acts of valor during the Vietnam War; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 6297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 6298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 6300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 6301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 6302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 6303. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8 of the U.S. Constitution: To establish Post Offices and post Roads. By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 6304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Con-stitution. This clause provides: The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To establish post offices and post roads’’. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6305. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, of the U.S. Con-stitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6308. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6310. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17, states, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatso-ever, over such District . . . .’’Further, Arti-cle 1, Section 10, Clause I, states, ‘‘In the just preservation of rights and property, it is un-derstood and declared, that no law ought ever to be made, or have force in the said territory, that shall, in any manner what-ever, interfere with or affect private con-tracts or engagements, bona fide, and with-out fraud, perviously formed.’’ By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To . . . [M]ake all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 6314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 6315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 13 and 14 The Congress shall have the Power To pro-vide and maintain a Navy; and to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 197: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 213: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R
ANGEL , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 224: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 225: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 226: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 244: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 539: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 563: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 605: Mr. F
OSTER and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 662: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 748: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 752: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 759: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 842: Mr. M
ICA. H.R. 865: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 885: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 923: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 932: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 973: Mr. A
SHFORD , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 1061: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 1095: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 1258: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1274: Ms. E
DWARDS . H.R. 1283: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1343: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 1399: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1427: Mr. B
LUM, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1439: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 1453: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 1457: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 1459: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 1538: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1652: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1707: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 1728: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1733: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1859: Ms. D
ELBENE and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . H.R. 1933: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1942: Mrs. T
ORRES and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 1974: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. F
ARR, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2016: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
IMES, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 2045: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2067: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 2083: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2087: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.100 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6180 November 14, 2016 
H.R. 2251: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 2290: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 2311: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2342: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 2391: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2404: Mr. E
NGEL and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 2411: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 2450: Ms. E
DWARDS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2461: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2468: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2571: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2680: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 2713: Ms. E
DWARDS and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2737: Mr. H
OYER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M
ASSIE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. P
ELOSI . H.R. 2740: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 2759: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 2799: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. A
BRAHAM , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 2849: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. T SON-
GAS, and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 2858: Mr. R
OYCE , Mr. S HUSTER , and Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 2866: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2867: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 2875: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2903: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. A MASH . H.R. 2970: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 2991: Mr. R
IBBLE . H.R. 2992: Mr. L
ATTA and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 3012: Ms. M
ENGand Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 3060: Ms. H
AHN. H.R. 3099: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3100: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona and Mrs. L
UMMIS . H.R. 3119: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN. H.R. 3280: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 3381: Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 3397: Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 3406: Mr. R
USH, Mr. C LAY, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 3411: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3423: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 3463: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 3512: Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. L EE, and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 3513: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3514: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3558: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3588: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3591: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , H.R. 3605: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3660: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3742: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3799: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 3841: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. B
ONAMICI , and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 3886: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 3888: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 3952: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3991: Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. L
EE, and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 4016: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 4017: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4073: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4151: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 4177: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4187: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4220: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 4223: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 4225: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4296: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 4298: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. B URGESS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 4335: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 4374: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4469: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 4514: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 4554: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 4604: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4616: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 4625: Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. P IN-
GREE , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4626: Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . H.R. 4657: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. E MMER  of Minnesota. H.R. 4662: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 4665: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 4667: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 4683: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4684: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 4706: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4708: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 4715: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 4740: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 4745: Mr. G
OWDY . H.R. 4756: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 4760: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 4764: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4766: Ms. G
ABBARD and Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 4773: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 4816: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 4833: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5007: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 5073: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 5127: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5167: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. L
OBIONDO , and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 5168: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5177: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 5183: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 5219: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 5221: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 5230: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5232: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5251: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 5272: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5287: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5292: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 5329: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 5332: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. F ARR, Ms. E STY, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. S
PEIER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. K
USTER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. G
IBSON , Mrs. W AGNER , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. Radewagen, Mr. S
IRES, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 5347: Ms. MENG. H.R. 5369: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 5410: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina and Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 5474: Mr. N
EALand Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 5489: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 5589: Mr. M
ULLIN and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 5621: Mr. H
ECK of Washington, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. R
USH, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 5628: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 5650: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. K
USTER , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5668: Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 5671: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5679: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 5689: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 5691: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. R
USH, Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 5727: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 5732: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. L AMBORN , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. D UFFY , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R USH, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 5742: Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. M ENG, and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5745: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 5746: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5784: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 5814: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5828: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5866: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5879: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 5887: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5904: Mr. L
ABRADOR and Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK . H.R. 5951: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. R OUZER , H.R. 5956: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5980: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. C LAY, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. G
IBSON , and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 5996: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 5999: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 6005: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 6006: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6025: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 6030: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 6043: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 6045: Mr. J
OYCE and Mr. V ALADAO , H.R. 6058: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 6061: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 6072: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 6073: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 6087: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 6088: Mr. H
URTof Virginia, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mrs. Blackburn. H.R. 6100: Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARR, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.029 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6181 November 14, 2016 
GOODLATTE , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6108: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. H IMES, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. E MMER of Min- nesota, and Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 6110: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 6117: Ms. L
EE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 6133: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , and Mr. T IP-
TON. H.R. 6139: Mr. H
IMES, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 6149: Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 6161: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 6176: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. D AVIDSON , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 6179: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 6184: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Ms. L OF-
GREN . H.R. 6186: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 6187: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 6195: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. F
LORES , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 6197: Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. R ANGEL . H.R. 6205: Mr. M
EEKS and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 6208: Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. W EBER , of Texas, and Mrs. C ARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 6211: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. H
IGGINS , Ms. K USTER , Ms. S PEIER and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 6220: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 6221: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 6224: Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M
OORE , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 6225: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 6226: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. T IP-
TON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 6234: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali- fornia, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 6240: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 6277: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 6295: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. H
ARPER . H.J. Res. 47: Mr. HONDA and Mr. E NGEL . H.J. Res. 94: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mr. C
APUANO . H.J. Res. 95: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. Y
OHO. H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Mr. A
SHFORD . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. J
ORDAN and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. Y
OHO, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H. Con. Res. 167: Ms. B
ASS, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. C
OSTA . H. Res. 28: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. M UR-
PHYof Pennsylvania. H. Res. 130: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H. Res. 208: Ms. G
RAHAM . H. Res. 290: Mr. C
APUANO . H. Res. 424: Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida. H. Res. 549: Ms. G
RAHAM . H. Res. 590: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida and Mr. P
ERRY . H. Res. 591: Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. H
IMES. H. Res. 605: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Res. 694: Ms. G
RAHAM . H. Res. 703: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H. Res. 752: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr G
ARRETT , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. M
CCAUL. H. Res. 769: Ms. G
RAHAM . H. Res. 831: Mr. K
IND, Mr. B OST, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 838: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  of California, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mr. J
ONES . H. Res. 852: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 853: Mr. R
OSSand Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 861: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Ms. B ASS, Ms. L
EE, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. H IMES, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 873: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 896: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H. Res. 902: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative B
ILLHUIZENGA to H.R. 5711 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative J
OHNCONYERS , Jr. or a designee to H.R. 5982, the ‘‘Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016’’, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
89. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City of Miami Commission, Miami Flor-ida, relative to Resolution R-16-0406, con-demning the abuse of human rights in Tur-key arising out of the 2016 Turkish coup d’etat attempt; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 90. Also, a petition of the Mayor and Bor-ough Council of the Borough of Butler, New Jersey, relative to Resolution No. R 2016-96, expressing condemnation of publications and distribution of any and all images that pur-port to glorify or justify violence against law enforcement officers and calling on the New Jersey legislature to join the Freeholders in condemning such publications; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 91. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Wat-son, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging the Congress to propose an amend-ment to the United States Constitution that would prohibit the Federal Government from nationalizing State and local law enforce-ment duties and responsibilities and from commandeering State and local law enforce-ment resources; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 92. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Wat-son, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging Congress to enact legislation that would require immigrants entering the United States to do so in conformity with all Federal laws of the United States — and to further require a minimum of five years un-interrupted physical residency in the United States — in order to receive supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits, tem-porary assistance for needy families benefits, taxpayer-subsidized housing benefits, and other types of welfare benefits or free and taxpayer-funded healthcare coverage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.034 H14NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6315 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2016 No. 162 
Senate 
The Senate met at 5:30 and 48 seconds p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable M
ITCH MCCONNELL , a Sen-ator from the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The bill clerk read the following let-ter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ITCH MCCONNELL , a Senator from the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. M CCONNELL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2016, AT 4 P.M. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 4 p.m. on Tuesday, November 15, 2016. Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:31 and 21 seconds p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, November 15, 2016, at 4 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.000 S14NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1429 November 14, 2016 
CELEBRATING THE SUBMARINE USS ‘‘DRUM’’ 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Submarine USS Drum for its service to our nation during World War II and subsequent years following the war. The Submarine USS Drum (SS–228) was laid down on September 11, 1940, at the Portsmouth, New Hampshire Naval Shipyard, where her construction took just eight months. She was launched on May 12, 1941. The USS Drum arrived at Pearl Harbor in 1942, and she was the first new submarine to arrive at the base since the day of infamy, December 7, 1941. Upon her arrival to the Pacific Ocean, the USS Drum fought gallantly, earning twelve Battle Stars over an illustrious four-year career during World War II. Before the end of the war, the USS Drum sank 15 vessels with a total tonnage of 80,580. Following World War II, the USS Drum was decommissioned. She was then deployed as a reserve training submarine on the Potomac River in Washington, DC. After a long deploy-ment, the USS Drum was set to be retired and scrapped in 1968. In 1969, the USS Alabama Battleship Me-morial Park wisely added the USS Drum. The Memorial Park was created in Mobile, Ala-bama in 1965 in order to honor all Alabam-ians, living and dead, who have worn the uni-form of all branches of the United States Armed Forces in defense of our country. Since the USS Drum’s inclusion to the Park, she has become an internationally known attraction. Additionally, she has been acknowledged as the oldest surviving World War II submarine in existence. The USS Drum was also declared a National Historic Landmark in 1986. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District, I would like to encourage everyone to join me in celebrating the Submarine USS Drum on its 75th anniversary of being com-missioned into the United States Navy on No-vember 19, 1941. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF CSULB EOP CELEBRATION 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the California State University, Long Beach’s Educational Opportunity Program which is celebrating its 50th Anniversary. Founded in 1967–68 by Dr. Joseph White, Professor Emeritus of Psychology and Psychi-atry and the first Director of the Educational Opportunity Program (EOP) at California State University, Long Beach (CSULB), it is the first such program implemented on a college cam-pus in the State of California. The 1960s was a decade of civil unrest throughout the United States. In the City of Los Angeles, the 1965 six-day Watts Riot af-fected a number of communities of color. In 1960, The California State Master Plan for Higher Education created a three-tiered sys-tem to provide instruction in the state: Univer-sity of California, California State University, and the Community College Systems. The Master Plan, however, resulted in a decline of minority enrollments. As a result, African American academicians, civil rights advocates, and community activists sought to implement strategies that would increase the number of underrepresented students into institutions of higher education and develop effective meth-ods to address this imbalance. The event celebrated the legacy of Dr. White and his colleagues for their blend of scholarship, social activism, and mentoring which influenced and increased enrollment of African-American Students along with other students of color within the LA County and be-yond. To honor the individuals and programs that transformed the lives of countless African- American students that attended CSULB dur-ing the late 60s and early 70s; and to make this history and research available as an inte-gral part of the African-American Legacy with-in the Long Beach Community, Dr. White served as a member of the CSULB faculty from 1962 to 1968. During his tenure, he be-came increasingly frustrated by the Univer-sity’s low Black student enrollment. He la-mented, ‘‘Here we were, right at the end of South-Central LA and out of 15,000 students at CSULB, only 65 were black. It didn’t make any sense.’’ The original pioneers responsible for EOP’s implementation on the CSULB campus and expansion statewide are as follows: Dr. Jo-seph White, Assemblyman Willie Brown, Dr. Clyde Taylor, and Mr. Ernie Clark. Others were invited by Dr. White who also contributed to the implementation of EOP and student support services for students of color on CSULB’s campus include: Dr. George Demos, Congressman Alan Lowenthal, Dr. Fernando Hernandez, and deceased contributors Dr. June Cooper, Dr. Ora Williams, Dr. Enid Blaylock, and Anthony Wilkins. Despite all that has been accomplished over the years, the mission and goals still remains an ongoing journey. f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDIANA’S NEWEST CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who took their oath of citizenship on Friday, November 4, 2016. This memorable occasion, presided over by Judge Joseph Van Bokkelen, was held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On November 4, 2016, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Jose Luis Pimentel Moreno, Jonathan Pilario, Ruhani Sharma, Juan Cabrales Garcia, Ernesto Gonzalez Salinas, Lamine Kamara, Marcelina Canales de Gar-cia, Mariya Thipkoi, Irene Elizabeth Andraus, Erika Mercedes Angel, Mishell Janeth Arichavala, Aloncio Antonio Arroyo, Izabela Agnieszka Benjeddi, Sergio Calderon, Stepan Famulyak, Catalina Gutierrez, Vania Nshuti Kagabo, Aliya Adeena Khan, Hyesung Moon Neidlinger, Herminio Padilla, Pinkalbahen Sahil Patel, Khushboo Chirag Patel, Maria Rocio, Elisandro Sanchez, Karla Ibeth Sosa, Grace Matawaran Stasi, George Strogilos, Erika Vazquez, Alexandra Betty Villamar Za-pata, and Martin Zuniga. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who became citizens of the United States of America on November 4, 2016. They, too, are American citizens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO8.001 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1430 November 14, 2016 
RECOGNITION OF GOVERNOR EDWARDS’ BIRTHDAY 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th birthday of Governor John Bel Edwards of Louisiana. One of eight children, Governor Edwards learned the im-portance of helping others at a very young age, which he’s shown through his profound strength and leadership in governing our great state of Louisiana. A retired Airborne Ranger for the United States Army and a diligent pub-lic servant, Governor Edwards has always put his community and nation first. Within his first 8 months in office, Governor Edwards has focused on the state’s crippling budget crisis, led our recovery from the his-toric floods that destroyed more than 100,000 homes, and worked to bring the community to-gether after two tragic shooting incidents. Through it all, he has focused on the positivity in our citizens and the need for rebuilding our state. Governor Edwards has faced every task and issue with an optimistic attitude, always believing that better days would be coming for Louisiana. I am proud to wish my friend a happy birthday. 
f 
HONORING FLOYD ‘‘SHAD’’ MESHAD 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor my dear friend and committed commu-nity advocate Floyd ‘‘Shad’’ Meshad for his forty four years of work advocating on behalf of America’s veterans. Shad served as a Captain in the U.S. Army and as Medical Service Officer in the Republic of South Vietnam. There, he counseled sol-diers in the field who were suffering from a multitude of psychological and emotional prob-lems resulting from their experiences in com-bat. Upon his return to the States, he continued this work, dedicating himself to serving Amer-ican veterans through counseling and pio-neered treatment techniques for what would later become known as Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, or PTSD. Shad’s accomplishments are a testament to his commitment to the wellness of veterans. In 1971, Shad started the Vietnam Veterans Re- Socialization Unit, where he spent eight years helping veterans readjust to civilian life. And in 1978, Shad worked to develop and lobby for the National Vietnam Veterans Readjustment Act, which launched an investigation of PTSD and other psychological issues experienced by some Vietnam veterans. The following year, he founded the Vet Center Outreach Program, which to this day provides readjustment coun-seling for veterans at more than 300 locations across the country. In 1985, Shad also founded the National Veterans Foundation (NVF), whose mission is to support veterans in crisis and provide serv-ices to better the lives of veterans and their family members. The NVF operates a crisis hotline that offers on-the-spot crisis counsel-ling and resource referrals for veterans of all wars. Shad has received many accolades for his efforts. He is a recipient of the Veterans Ad-ministration’s Administrator’s Commendation & the VA Special Contribution Award and has been featured on many major television net-works and news programs including 60 Min-utes, 20/20, Dateline, Nightline, and CNN News. He also authored the book, A Captain for Dark Mornings, which chronicles his expe-riences during the war in Vietnam. My family has known Shad since the 1970s when he worked with my husband Walter to develop the curricula for a class on the Viet-nam War at the University of California, Santa Barbara in my district. By offering his personal experiences in Vietnam, Shad has helped thousands of young minds better understand the war through the unique perspective of both a soldier and a therapist. Shad is a dear friend and I am so grateful for his unwavering commitment to our nation’s veterans. His dedication to easing our combat veterans’ transition to civilian life is truly inspir-ing. Through his personal work and the work of the organizations he founded, more than 350,000 veterans have received help with fi-nancial problems, mental health issues, re-ceiving VA benefits, healthcare, employment, housing, family counseling, and many other issues. I am honored to recognize Shad’s countless achievements and I would like to express my upmost gratitude for his service to America’s veterans. I wish him nothing but continued success in all of his future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDI-ANA’S NEWLY NATURALIZED CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who took their oath of citizenship on Friday, October 21, 2016. This memorable occasion, presided over by Magistrate Judge Paul R. Cherry, was held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On October 21, 2016, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Citlalli Guadalupe Lindsey, Milan Torlak, Susan Wambui Njoroge, Balwinder Kaur Kandola, Alberto Trevino Alva-rez, Daniel Alvarez Sanemeterio, Yolanda Barrera, Timothy Overcomer Cangmah, Michelle Buenaventura Capatan, Emmanuel Chigozie Chijioke, Jacqueline Esther Diah, Te-resa de Jesus Alcaraz de Diaz, Guillermo Diaz, Veronica Fernandez, Raul Garcia, Clau-dia Edith Hernandez Franco, Adolfo Her-nandez, Ahmed Hjayyer, Francisco Javier Ji-menez, David Leonardo Lagunas, Javier Lira, Shaima Ramzi Musa, Vivian Thuy Nguyen, Kim Nguyen-Rienks, Elodia Ontiveros, Nareshkumar Kantilal Patel, Kishankumar Nareshkumar Patel, Jinal Patel, Immaculee Gakwaya Songa, and Valentina Trifunovic. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who became citizens of the United States of America on October 21, 2016. They, too, are American citizens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. f 
HONORING TREE TRUST 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Tree Trust, to recognize and com-memorate the 40th anniversary of an organi-zation devoted to ending joblessness and ex-panding the urban tree canopy. Founded in 1976, Tree Trust was inspired by a simple idea: Improve the environment while investing in people. Tree Trust does ex-actly that through reforestation drives, employ-ment training, and environmental education programs. They have fought for countless re-forms to public programs that now provide meaningful opportunities to serve the commu-nity and connect with the outdoors. For 40 years, Tree Trust has transformed lives and landscapes. They have planted and distributed nearly 90,000 trees and shrubs while investing in over 55,000 youth and adults since their inception. I know the quality of Tree Trust’s work first hand. Since being elected to Congress, I have joined them for many tree plantings and community service days. Many summers, I have had the honor to present the Governor’s awards at their Youth Employment Program Awards Picnic to out-standing young people who are improving our community. My driving force in Congress is making a more generous, inclusive, and sustainable so-ciety. I want young people to believe that they have the power to make a meaningful change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO8.008 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1431 November 14, 2016 
I want adults struggling with unemployment to know that they are valuable, important mem-bers of community. We as a society will shape our vision of tomorrow through action and service. Tree Trust is an organization that is leading the way, and I am proud to represent them in Congress. Once again, congratulations to Tree Trust for 40 years of service. I am looking forward to seeing what they accomplish in the next 40 years. 
f 
TO RECOGNIZE LORRI KOSTER 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize one of the top leaders of the modern fresh produce industry and a Salinas Valley vi-sionary. Lorri Koster is Chair, CEO and a pri-mary shareholder of Mann Packing Company headquartered in Salinas, CA. Mann is a major grower, shipper, and processor of fresh vegetables on the cutting edge of technical in-novation and market development. So while you may have never heard of Lorri Koster, I can guarantee that every member of this House has eaten something grown or shipped by Mann Packing. Lorri was raised in the agricultural industry and is the third generation of her family to work in produce. Her late father Don Nucci had been a key partner in the company. She started her full time career at Mann in 1990 di-recting the firm’s marketing and communica-tion programs. In 2000 Lorri left Mann to join ProduceOnline.com as vice president of mar-keting. Lorri then became an associate pub-lisher with Produce Business magazine. After several years of writing, raising two young boys and working for Mann on a consulting basis, she returned to the company full time in 2006 to represent her family’s interest and lead the business development, marketing and product innovation efforts. Lorri’s leadership extends beyond Mann to the greater fresh produce industry and her local community. In 2000, Lorri was the Inter-national Fresh Cut Produce Association board president and the first woman to chair an American produce trade association. She is a past chair of the Grower Shipper Association of Central California. She has participated on the boards of various leadership committees for several industry organizations, including the United Fresh Produce Association, the Produce Marketing Association, Western Growers, the Grower Shipper Association of Central California, and the Produce for Better Health Foundation. She shares my passion and has been a relentless advocate for cre-ating more access to fruits and vegetables in schools and federally funded feeding pro-grams. Lorri currently serves on the Western Growers Association board of directors and a board alternate for the California Leafy Greens Marketing Agreement. At a local level Lorri serves on the boards of the Monterey Bay Economic Partnership, the Panetta Institute for Public Policy, and on the business advisory councils for Rancho Cielo and CSUMB’s Busi-ness School. Lorri has a Bachelor of Arts degree in public relations with a minor in business marketing from California State University, Chico. A ‘‘baseball mom’’ and ‘‘Forty Niner Faithful’’, she resides in Salinas with her husband Tom where she loves cheering on their two boys, Jack and Sam. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak on behalf of the entire House in thanking Lorri Koster for her outstanding leadership in the produce in-dustry and the Salinas Valley. Our nation is a better place because of her efforts. We wish her and her family many more years of suc-cess. f 
RECOGNIZING THE NORTHERN IN-DIANA AREA LABOR FEDERA-TION COMMUNITY LABOR AWARDS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my dis-tinct honor to congratulate several of North-west Indiana’s finest citizens. The Northwest Indiana Federation of Labor, American Fed-eration of Labor—Congress of Industrial Orga-nizations (AFL–CIO), recognized several indi-viduals and organizations for their dedication and service during the Northern Indiana Area Labor Federation Community Labor Awards Reception, which was held at Wicker Park in Highland, Indiana, on Thursday, October 20, 2016. These individuals, in addition to all Northwest Indiana Federation of Labor mem-bers who have served Northwest Indiana so diligently for such a long period of time, are the epitome of the ideal American worker: loyal, dedicated, and hardworking. At this year’s event, several individuals and organizations will receive special recognition. Jeff Chidester, Ironworkers 395, is the recipi-ent of the Service to Labor Award for his many years of service to the labor movement and his outstanding dedication to his fellow union members. The Union Labor Award was presented to the Women of Steel, United Steelworkers, Dis-trict 7, for their unselfish devotion to the labor movement through its promotion in all areas: social, civic, educational, and political. Mayor Pete Buttigieg, South Bend, Indiana, was honored with the Community Services Award for his exemplary service to his com-munity and to the enhancement of the quality of life for the people of Indiana. State Senator Earline Rogers was honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award for her many years of labor activism and her commit-ment to her community. For the exceptional service she has provided to the people of Northwest Indiana, she is worthy of our admi-ration and respect. Ray Kasmark, IBEW, and David Blankenship, Sheet Metal Workers Local 73, were presented with the George Meany Award for their significant contributions to the youth of their communities through their involvement with the Boy Scouts of America. Northwest In-diana has a rich history of excellence in its craftsmanship and loyalty by its tradesmen. These honorees are all outstanding examples of these qualities. They have demonstrated their loyalty to their unions and the Northwest Indiana community through their hard work and tireless service. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-guished colleagues join me in congratulating these dedicated, honorable, and exemplary citizens, as well as all of the hardworking union men and women throughout America. They have shown commitment and courage toward their pursuits, and I am proud to rep-resent them in Washington, D.C. f 
CELEBRATING UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN-PLATTEVILLE’S SES-QUICENTENNIAL 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-late the University of Wisconsin-Platteville on 150 years of academic excellence. UW- Platteville celebrated its sesquicentennial throughout the 2015–2016 academic year. As this university enters its 150th year of pro-viding quality and affordable education, it is fit-ting we highlight the academic achievements of the faculty, staff, graduates, and students. Their continued dedication to higher learning has been a great source of pride for me as the university excels year after year. U.S. News and World Report ranked the online learning courses as one of the top in the na-tion and it is the fastest growing UW System school. Founded in 1866, the university is located in Platteville, Wisconsin, near Wisconsin’s south-west border. It began its storied history as Wisconsin’s first state teacher preparation in-stitution as the Platteville Normal School. Its proud engineering heritage has roots with the Wisconsin Mining Trade School founded in 1907 and in 1917 became the first school in the United States to offer a three-year course in mining engineering. The mining school be-came the Wisconsin Institute of Technology in 1939, which would merge with the Platteville State Teachers College in 1959 to become the Wisconsin State College and Institute of Tech-nology at Platteville. In 1966, the name was changed again to the Wisconsin State Univer-sity-Platteville. After joining the UW System governed by the board of regents, the school reached its current namesake in 1971 as the University of Wisconsin-Platteville. I have always been proud of the strong and continuous emphasis placed on education by those I represent in western and central Wis-consin. The University of Wisconsin-Platteville is a leading example of this; expanding on its original academic disciplines of engineering and education, it now provides over 42 majors for over 8,000 students. Courses are even of-fered through an innovative distance education program enabling over 3,000 students the world over to pursue higher degrees. This thriving body of students have banded to-gether under the symbol of a Pioneer. The Pioneers have long established traditions such as the lighting of the ‘‘M’’. Laid in 1936 by mining students attempting to build the largest M in the world, the community now holds a twice-annual ceremony where they light the whitewashed stones in a brilliant blaze. When a tornado caused significant damage to the campus in June of 2014, the Pioneers rallied around their strong sense of community to en-sure classes were able to continue for the fall semester. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO8.010 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1432 November 14, 2016 
Throughout the year-long anniversary cele-bration, alumni, students, and faculty were in-vited to participate in various events under the theme ‘‘Remember the Past. Celebrate the Present. Pioneer the Future.’’ These events in-cluded a campus art show displaying genera-tions of student work, featured profiles of alumni and staff, and various forums for shar-ing their memories. The celebration cul-minated with a birthday party on October 15th, 2016. I would like to congratulate all the past and present faculty, staff, and students on 150 years of proud and pioneering years in the pursuit of higher education. It is because of your commitment that UW-Platteville is such a success and it is through you the university will continue to lead the way for another 150 years. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF TAYLOR FORCE 
HON. RANDY NEUGEBAUER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of an American hero, who was taken from us far too soon by an act of terrorism. Taylor Force was a student at Vanderbilt University, working to obtain his Master in Business Administration, when he traveled on a school-sponsored trip to Jaffa, Israel in March 2016. While there, he was attacked and killed by a Palestinian terrorist. He was 28 years old. Before going back to school for his master’s degree, Taylor attended the New Mexico Mili-tary Institute, graduating in 2006. I then had the honor of nominating Taylor Force to the United States Military Academy at West Point. He graduated from West Point in May of 2009 and was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant in the U.S. Army. As a Field Artillery Officer, Taylor served our country by completing one combat tour in Iraq and another combat tour in Afghanistan. On behalf of a grateful nation and the 19th District of Texas, which Taylor called home for many years, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring veteran Taylor Force. His courage, sacrifice, and dedication will not be forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HONORABLE LINDA LAWSON 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I take this time to recognize the 2016 Democrat Woman of the Year Award recipient, as presented by the Lake County Women’s Democratic Club. This year’s recipient is my good friend, the Honorable Linda Lawson, Indiana State Rep-resentative. To commemorate this special oc-casion, the organization hosted a celebratory event on Tuesday, October 11, 2016, at The Patrician Banquet Center in Schererville, Indi-ana. Linda Lawson was born and raised in Ham-mond, Indiana, where she graduated from Donald E. Gavit High School. Later, she at-tended Indiana University Northwest in Gary before embarking on what would be a lifelong career in public service. Linda has made her community proud and has the distinction of being the first female police officer with the Hammond Police Department, from which she retired as a captain after 24 years of service. In her continued pursuit of bettering her com-munity, Linda was elected to the Indiana Gen-eral Assembly in 1998, as the representative for House District 1, a seat in which she proudly remains today. Throughout her illustrious career as a state representative, Linda served as chair of the House Judiciary Committee, as well as on many legislative committees including Environ-mental Affairs, Courts & Criminal Code, Family Affairs, Education, and Labor. In 2012, Rep-resentative Lawson was elected Indiana House Democratic Floor Leader. Holding true to her commitment to protect and serve, she has been a tireless advocate and leader in the push for essential domestic violence legisla-tion. Representative Lawson has received nu-merous honors and accolades for her exem-plary service and dedication to the community of Northwest Indiana and beyond, and she is an inspiration to us all. Linda Lawson selflessly and passionately gives her time to various community organiza-tions and civic activities for which she is very proud. These organizations include Haven House, the Hammond Historical Society Board, the Whiting-Robertsdale Chamber of Commerce, the League of Women Voters, the Humane Society of the Calumet Area, and the Boys & Girls Club. Linda’s excellence in her field and commit-ment to charitable endeavors throughout the community is exceeded only by her devotion to her amazing family. She has two beloved daughters, Laura and Jennifer, and one cher-ished granddaughter, Genavive. I am proud to call Linda Lawson my friend. Throughout the years, she has been an out-standing advocate for the community of North-west Indiana, as well as our state. She epito-mizes what it means to be a public servant. I am grateful for what she has done for so many for so long. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring the Honorable Linda Lawson for her lifetime of leadership and outstanding service to the community. Her continuous effort to improve the quality of life for the residents of Indiana is remarkable, and she is worthy of the high-est praise. f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TARRANT COUNTY COLLEGE SOUTHEAST CAMPUS 
HON. JOE BARTON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, this week the Tarrant County College Southeast Campus will be celebrating their 20th Anniversary. The Southeast Campus opened in 1996 with an enrollment of 3,993 under the guidance of founding President, Dr. Judith J. Carrier, along with 44 other full-time faculty members. The long-awaited campus quickly exceeded capac-ity, serving about 10,000 students face-to- face, as well as in dual credit courses at nine area high schools. In 2012, Dr. William Coppola became President and soon added a Collegiate High School to the campus. He cur-rently is joined by 140 full-time faculty mem-bers serving a face-to-face student population of more than 11,000, and an additional 3,500 dual credit students in 11 area high schools. The Southeast Campus has developed a strong relationship with both the Arlington and Mansfield ISD’s, maintaining a vibrant and successful Dual Credit Program in which stu-dents can earn up to as many as 42 transfer-able college credits. In addition, the campus works with these ISD’s to develop Career and Technical Certificate options for the students. The campus has partnered with both ISD’s to open Collegiate High Schools, serving first- time college students and those from low socio-economically disadvantaged families. The Southeast Campus faculty, staff, and student populations are diverse, and the Cam-pus has built strong relationships with the var-ious ethnic chambers in the community. Schol-arship programs, cultural programs, and busi-ness/economic development events on cam-pus have been attended by various members of the Tarrant County Asia American, Pan Asian American, Arlington Black, and Arlington Hispanic Chambers of Commerce. As the campus celebrates its 20th anniver-sary, the campus will remain ‘‘the Spirit of Southeast’’, which is exemplified in service to the community and forward thinking by the faculty, staff, and administrators who work tire-lessly to promote student success at all levels. I am pleased to recognize the Tarrant County College Southeast Campus on this momen-tous occasion. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF UNIONVILLE MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH’S 151ST ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation and lead-ership of Unionville Missionary Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia as the church celebrates a remarkable 151 years. The congregation of Unionville Missionary Baptist Church cele-brated this very significant anniversary on Sunday, October 16, 2016. Tracing its roots back to the Civil War era, Unionville Missionary Baptist Church was founded in 1865. Prior to that time, black and white people of the Baptist and Methodist faiths worshipped together. When the white believers decided they no longer wanted to worship with the black believers, the black be-lievers were left without a place to worship. Later in 1865, Mr. Wyler, a wealthy land-owner, decided to donate land for a black church to be established. He stipulated that the first black Baptist or Methodist to place timber on the land and sit on it all night would be awarded the deed to the land. Thus, two enterprising black Baptists, Lee Buckman and John Josey, retrieved the timber from their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO8.012 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1433 November 14, 2016 
bed, placed it on the property, and remained there until morning to await Mr. Wyler’s arrival. Upon seeing this, Mr. Wyler donated and deeded land at 1610 Pio Nono Avenue to es-tablish the Unionville Missionary Baptist Church. Reverend Pollack served as the first pastor of the newly formed church. Today, the church is under the leadership of Pastor I. Edwin Mack. Having answered the call to lead the church in 1986, Pastor Mack holds the distinction of being the longest tenured pastor in the church’s existence. Dur-ing his tenure, the church membership has in-creased exponentially and as a result, the Unionville Missionary Baptist Church relocated to a new site at 3837 Houston Avenue. The church then expanded even further with the addition of the I. Edwin Mack Worship & Fel-lowship Center at 3820 Houston Avenue. A charismatic evangelical innovator, Pastor Mack’s spiritual zeal is both infectious and highly contagious. He has previously served as President of the Sixth District of the Gen-eral Missionary Baptist Convention of Georgia. A native of Cochran, Georgia, he is married to the former Eloise Cliett of Byron, Georgia and has a daughter, Brittany. The story of Unionville Missionary Baptist Church, which began as a small group of peo-ple worshipping together 151 years ago and has grown into an expansive and successful church, is truly an inspiring one of the dedica-tion and perseverance of a faithful congrega-tion of people who put all their love and trust in the Lord. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Unionville Missionary Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia for their long history of coming together through the good and difficult times to praise and worship our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. 
f 
HONORING MS. BISHOP DR. LOIS J. DELEVOE ON HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bishop Dr. Lois J. Delevoe on her 80th birthday. Dr. Delevoe has been a pillar in the South Florida community. She has dedicated her life to supporting underprivileged and homeless youth in South Florida. For nearly a decade, she ran a homeless shelter in Broward County, where she coun-seled, fed, clothed, tutored and ministered to the needs of homeless men, women, and chil-dren. She wrote what is thought to be the first comprehensive book on the homeless in the nation, and it has been used by administrators in metropolitan areas in Broward County and throughout the country Dr. Delevoe has also worked to empower youth through a GED program, and by facili-tating Christian and political youth seminars, conferences, and clubs. She has taught in the Broward and Dade County School systems, and as a college professor. Furthermore, Dr. Delevoe has founded or co-founded many women action and political groups throughout the state. She has served on multiple state, county, and city boards as the appointee of the Governor and many county and city officials. She also served as President of the Reverend Samuel J. Delevoe Memorial Park Civic Association, where she was able to work in conjunction with Broward County Parks and Recreation, Broward Coun-ty, the City of Fort Lauderdale, and multiple homeowners’ associations to positively impact the community. Above all, Dr. Delevoe loves God and has been a ministerial light in South Florida for many years. Large numbers of pastors and other ministers began their ministry under Dr. Delevoe, and now are working dynamically in God’s kingdom across the world. She con-tinues to make a dedicated effort to support underprivileged children worldwide through the support of our foreign missions, missionaries, schools, colleges and orphanages. Her accomplishments and her influence on our community are unmatched. I cannot thank Dr. Delevoe enough for her dedication to the state of Florida, and for all of the sacrifices she has made. Mr. Speaker, I am so truly honored to rec-ognize Bishop Dr. Lois J. Delevoe on her 80th birthday. She is such a remarkable human being and dear friend. I wish her many more years of success and happiness. f 
HONORING THE ASIAN AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with sin-cere admiration that I recognize the Asian American Medical Association, which hosted its 40th Annual Gala on Saturday, November 12, 2016, at Avalon Manor in Hobart, Indiana. Each year, the Asian American Medical Asso-ciation pays tribute to prominent, outstanding citizens and organizations for their contribu-tions to the community. In recognition of their efforts, these honorees are awarded the pres-tigious Crystal Globe Award. The Asian American Medical Association has been a tremendous asset to Northwest In-diana. Its members have selflessly dedicated themselves to providing quality medical serv-ices to the residents of Northwest Indiana and have served their communities through many cultural, scholastic, and charitable endeavors. At this year’s Annual Gala, the Asian Amer-ican Medical Association will present the Crys-tal Globe Award to one of Northwest Indiana’s finest citizens, Dr. William Forgey. Dr. Forgey serves as Medical Director of the Lake County Indiana Sheriff’s Department and Correctional Health Indiana, Inc., and is a family physician with the Community Health Care System. Despite committing much of his time to his professional responsibilities, Dr. Forgey also selflessly serves the people of his community and beyond through his contributions to var-ious charitable and noteworthy endeavors, in-cluding his involvement with the International Society of Travel Medicine, Medical Student Missions, Inc., Boy Scouts of America, and the Wilderness Medical Society, to name a few. For his exceptional leadership and his tireless dedication to the betterment of his local com-munity and society as a whole, he is worthy of the highest praise. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in com-mending the members of the Asian American Medical Association, as well as this year’s Crystal Globe Award recipient, Dr. William Forgey. For his dedication and commitment to his remarkable career in the field of medicine, he is most deserving of the honor bestowed upon him and serves as an inspiration to us all. f 
RECOGNIZING WESLEY D. JONES ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT FROM THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Wesley ‘‘Don’’ Jones of Wash-ington, D.C. on his retirement on October 31, 2016, after more than 29 years of dedicated service to the United States House of Rep-resentatives. A native Washingtonian, Wesley Jones was born in Freedmen’s Hospital, now known as Howard University Hospital. His early years growing up in the city were spent playing sports and having terrific adventures. As a youth, playing outside is what led to his now infamous nickname ‘‘Cadillac.’’ He actually got the name from running into the street between two parked cars, not paying attention, when a Cadillac came barreling down the street and struck him. Gratefully, no major damage was done. Of course his father was grateful as well. So much so that as soon as he com-pletely healed, he was placed on probation and house arrest for a year. Don’s early years were spent doing security work, where he learned from his good friend while working at the nearby Safeway that he could get a job on Capitol Hill. Don’s first job on the Hill was working for food services in the Ford House Office Building Cafe´. In 1987, he took a position working logistics for the Clerk of the House and eventually worked for the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO). During his early years at the CAO, Don worked for Cosmo Quattrone and Torn Van Dyke in what was then called Property Supply. Following a CAO Reorganization, the depart-ment was renamed Logistics and Support (L&S). He worked for several directors and chiefs, including Walt Edwards and Jerry Ben-nett, and is currently working for Dave Woodburn, Director of Logistics and Tom Coyne, Chief Logistics Officer. Some of Don’s most memorable experi-ences working with the CAO are his memories of the older crew, teaching him about life and growing up. Some of those same employees are still here and others have departed us too soon. In retirement, Don intends to relax. He plans to watch sports, leisurely read the news-paper, and basically enjoy the pleasures of life. He may even honor us with an occasional visit. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me honoring Wesley ‘‘Don’’ Jones for his service and dedication to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, and wish him and his family all the best in his retirement years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.002 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1434 November 14, 2016 
RECOGNIZING OCTOBER AS NA-TIONAL COMMUNITY PLANNING MONTH 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize October as National Com-munity Planning Month. This year’s theme, ‘‘Civic Engagement,’’ acknowledges that thoughtful local planning cannot happen with-out meaningful community involvement. Na-tional Community Planning Month provides an opportunity to recognize the essential role that planning plays in creating communities of last-ing value. Planning is the formal process of envi-sioning, mapping, and guiding how a commu-nity will look, grow, and define itself—its char-acteristics, attributes, and identity. As our communities continue to change and evolve, planners work to ensure that new develop-ments are designed and built in harmony with existing surroundings. Planners carefully bal-ance the needs and desires of residents against the challenges presented by physical, economic, and social change. Planners strive to give citizens choices. From the types of homes we live in to how we choose to get around, planning helps ensure that we address the needs of everyone. A di-verse and vibrant community is one that offers transportation and housing choices that are equitable and sustainable. In my home state of Oregon, our commit-ment to planning became an official part of our state policy structure in 1973 with the passage of Senate Bill 100. We developed a strong planning program with nineteen Statewide Planning Goals, including promoting citizen in-volvement, stimulating economic development, and preserving ocean resources. Over forty years later, the ‘‘Oregon Story’’ of economic growth, sustainability, and deliberate develop-ment is as compelling as ever. I’ve worked very closely with the planners that have writ-ten that story and guided our region’s growth, integrating statewide policies with the needs and interests of local communities. As founder of the Congressional Livable Communities Task Force and Co-Chair of the Congressional Bike Caucus, I’ve sought to bring that understanding to Congress. From rebuilding and renewing America’s infrastruc-ture, protecting natural and urban resources, to supporting programs that enhance public health, we must find ways to improve the fed-eral partnership with those who are engaged in the day-to-day work of creating livable com-munities. Planners are the gatekeepers of that partnership, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting National Community Devel-opment Month. 
f 
HONORING THE CROATIAN SONS LODGE NUMBER 170 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my dis-tinct honor to congratulate the Croatian Sons Lodge Number 170 of the Croatian Fraternal Union on the festive occasion of its Golden Member banquet, which will take place on Sunday, October 16, 2016. The Croatian Fraternal Union will hold its gala at the Croatian Center in Merrillville, Indi-ana. Traditionally, the celebration entails a for-mal recognition of the Union’s Golden Mem-bers, those who have achieved fifty years of membership. This year’s honorees who have attained fifty years of membership include the following individuals: Lorraine Ackerman, Ste-phen Boskovich, Maria Cohen, Mildred Dobrinich, Pamela Ann Donlon, Carol Ann Gainey, Frank Gorski, Susan Grasham, Sally A. Kegley, Jo Anne Marzowski, Shirley Mertz, Joan Milosevich, Margaret M. Moore, Rudolph Dennis Mrak, Jeannine Barbara Pavic, Cheryl Kay Povlock, Thomas George Rykovich, Ste-phen Simatovich Jr., Robert Stipancic, Paul Mason Struble, John Anthony Tadey, Linda Ann Vukovich, and Louise Alice Wolotka. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me in commending Lodge President John Miksich and all mem-bers of the Croatian Fraternal Union, Lodge Number 170, for their loyalty and radiant dis-play of passion for their ethnicity. The Croatian community has played a key role in enriching the quality of life and culture of Northwest Indi-ana. It is my hope that this year will bring re-newed prosperity for all members of the Cro-atian community and their families. f 
CONGRATULATING UNION ELE-MENTARY SCHOOL, A BLUE RIB-BON SCHOOL 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an outstanding school in my district that is being honored as a 2016 National Blue Ribbon School. It is a pleasure to congratulate Union Elementary School in Zionsville, Indiana in celebration of this special occasion. The National Blue Ribbon designation, given by the United States Department of Education, is awarded to both public and private schools across our great nation. Started by President Reagan and given annually since 1982, the award celebrates great American schools that achieve very high learning standards or are making significant improvements in the aca-demic achievements of their students. In my district and across the country, the award rec-ognizes the great educators, students, and parents who have worked so hard to ensure Indiana’s children reach their full potential and achieve academic success. For all of these reasons and many more, I am so proud that Union Elementary School is receiving this prestigious designation. It is a wonderful acknowledgement of the school’s commitment to providing young Hoosiers an exceptional education. While hundreds of schools nationwide were nominated, only 329 schools were designated as 2016 National Blue Ribbon Schools, making this recognition all the more impressive. Union Elementary School provides students with a caring environment where both teach-ers and parents collaborate with students to meet their full potential. Through a rigorous curriculum, including early literacy intervention and the integration of technology, students achieve academic excellence. Additionally, students have the opportunity outside of the classroom to participate in extracurricular ac-tivities to enhance their knowledge and inter-est in foreign languages, STEM fields, the arts, and many more disciplines. As an advocate for education and youth, I also want to acknowledge how important it is to our nation’s future to encourage and raise a new generation of Americans who have the skills and knowledge to succeed both in and out of the classroom. Students like those at Union Elementary School give me hope that we will accomplish this vital mission. Their out-standing work is an inspiration to students, educators, and parents across the nation. Once again, congratulations to Union Elemen-tary School. I am very proud of you. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAPTAIN RICKY CRISP 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Captain Ricky Crisp of the McDowell County Sheriff’s Department. On behalf of the people of Western North Caro-lina, I would like to thank Captain Crisp for his 24 years of service in McDowell County. Captain Crisp began work with the McDowell County Sheriff’s Department in 1992 and soon became a full-time Deputy. He went on to serve as Patrol Deputy, Patrol Sergeant, and Detective. He was part of the McDowell County Sheriff’s Office Honor Guard, a mem-ber of the Multi-Jurisdictional Highway Interdic-tion Team, and has also given his time as the Treasurer for Region C Criminal Justice Com-mittee. By 2007, he had risen to the rank of Patrol Lieutenant and subsequently left to work as an investigator for the McDowell County District Attorney. In 2008, Captain Crisp returned to the McDowell County Sher-iff’s Department and served as Patrol Captain until his retirement. For his decades of service, Captain Crisp was awarded numerous citations of apprecia-tion and was nominated as the Law Enforce-ment Executive of the Year. Captain Crisp and his wife Tracy have been married for 30 years and have one daughter. In retirement, Captain Crisp leaves behind a long legacy of dedi-cated service to his Department and commu-nity. Captain Crisp is highly regarded and appre-ciated by the citizens of McDowell County, and by the broader Western North Carolina community. He has truly embodied the Sher-iff’s Department’s spirit of integrity and service. I am honored to express the sincere congratu-lations and best wishes of the people of North Carolina on his retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.005 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1435 November 14, 2016 
HONORING MR. JOHN HEENAN 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor John Heenan of lvyland, Bucks County. Shortly after graduating from high school John enlisted in the Marine Corps, where he trained as an infantry assault man. From 1969 to 1972, John served in Cuba and North Carolina. He would later serve in the Marine Corps Reserve until 1975. John went on to receive a Bachelor of Science in Ac-counting from Drexel and his Master in Busi-ness Administration from the Wharton School of Business. For over thirty years, John gained a wide-range of business experience as he managed acquisitions, transitions, and divestitures of companies, often for small or family owned businesses. But John Heenan never forgot the military. He serves on the Board of Directors for the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation. Found-ed in 1962, The Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation is the nation’s oldest and largest provider of need-based scholarships to military children. For 54 years, they’ve been providing access to affordable education for the children of Marine and Navy Corpsmen attending post- high school, under-graduate and career tech-nical education programs. In that time, they have provided more than 37,000 scholarships worth nearly $110 million. In a world where Marines have sacrificed so much, it is my honor to commend John Heenan for his efforts in providing children with more affordable access to critical edu-cation. When John is not helping the children of his fellow Marines, he can be found at Washington Crossing National Cemetery in Newtown, where he serves as a rifleman in the honor guard. John, thank you for your service and your enduring commitment to the families of our veterans. 
f 
LAUREN CHAPPELL 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Miss Lauren Chappell of Charles-ton, Illinois, for winning her third IHSA Class IA individual golf title. The three individual ti-tles is a record for girls’ high school golf, and I am very proud of her achievement. Hers was a hard-fought match, and what was most im-pressive was the way she had to battle back from some early difficulties to win the day. How Lauren responded after encountering trouble on the first and fourth hole was the de-fining moment of the match. Her mental tough-ness shone through as she weathered that storm, and then birdied the ninth hole. She then closed the door on her competition with a birdie on seventeen, which was sandwiched between two pars. I know she is pleased with her victory, but I also know she is equally pleased that her high school team, the Charleston Trojans, won the team state golf championship as well. Lauren leaves behind a legacy of excellence and good sportsmanship. I would like to ex-tend my best wishes to her, both in the class-room and on the links, as next year she be-gins her studies at Southern Methodist Univer-sity. f 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN JIM KOLBE FOR HIS SERVICE AND INDUCTION INTO THE ARIZONA VETERANS HALL OF FAME 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the contributions of a great Arizonan and a former member of this House: Congressman Jim Kolbe. On October 28th, 2016, Congressman Kolbe will be inducted into the Arizona Vet-erans Hall of Fame. This is a well-deserved and appropriate honor for a man who has done so much for our state and country. Jim Kolbe joined the United States Navy in 1967 and was awarded the Navy Commenda-tion Medal for his service in Vietnam. He re-tired from service in 1977 as a Lieutenant Commander in the Naval Reserves. For 22 years, Jim Kolbe served the 8th dis-trict of Arizona in the House of Representa-tives. First elected to Congress in 1985, he consistently put the needs of his constituents first, ahead of party or partisanship. During his time in Congress, Congressman Kolbe worked on the federal budget and was responsible for deciding the budget that funds most U.S. foreign aid programs and counter-terrorism activities. Members of Congress have long admired Congressman Kolbe’s de-termination to work across the aisle to create solutions and promote Arizona issues. I am thankful that Jim has been a friend to me during my time in public service. I appre-ciate his determination and his willingness to work with me and many others to make Ari-zona a place of opportunity for all its citizens. Please join me in recognizing the years of exemplary service of Congressman Jim Kolbe. 
f 
RECOGNIZING POLA BERLIN DICKSTEIN, DORA BERLIN PODZIBA, AND LUBA BERLIN MARCUS 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pola Berlin Dickstein, Dora Berlin Podziba, and Luba Berlin Marcus, three sis-ters who are celebrating their 85th birthdays on October 8th. I would like to take this oppor-tunity to extend to them an extraordinary happy birthday and congratulations on this very special milestone. Born in Cuba to a Jewish Soviet refugee mother, their family was forced to leave as anti-Jewish sentiment spread. They arrived at Ellis Island on September 21, 1940 and set-tled in New York City. All three sisters eventu-ally married veterans, and Pola settled in Boca Raton, where they are celebrating this special occasion. With their unique background and heritage, these sisters have never forgotten their roots. I wish all three of them a joyous and healthy year ahead surrounded by their loved ones. On behalf of my entire district and the United States Congress, mazel tov and happy birth-day. f 
HONORING MAUDE FORD LEE ON HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Maude Ford Lee on her 80th birthday. After a grassroots groundswell of support for her fearless leadership at the helm of Palm Beach County’s Community Action Agency, Maude Ford Lee answered the call and made history in 1990 as the first African American elected to the Palm Beach County Board of County Commissioners. However, that is not the only reason why she is a trailblazer. During her time on the Commission, from 1990 to 2000, she demanded to review every-thing within the County’s jurisdiction, its pro-grams and services, hiring and contracting, and all matters pertaining to the health, safety, and welfare of the people. Commissioner Lee’s undaunted advocacy for inclusionary policies and programs often drew criticism, as it was disruptive to the systems put in place over the previous 80 years. However, her per-sistence yielded tremendous results and achievement against the odds. As Commissioner, she organized a coalition of local and national black business advocacy organizations, even walking out of a log jammed Commission meeting until securing the adoption of the Minority and Women’s Business Enterprise Ordinance, which estab-lished policy and best practices of goals and timetables to ensure racial equity and diversity in procurement. She also created the County’s Economic Development Office, providing pro-grams and funding to create jobs for people who live in lagging regions. Her work provided access to capital and disbursement of millions in funding for loans and grants for small busi-ness and community development projects, particularly African American, Latino, and women-owned enterprises not served by tradi-tional banks. She successfully implemented the equitable allocation of funding to build recreational and park facilities such as pools and community centers in overlooked urban areas, including West Palm Beach, Riviera Beach, Boynton Beach, Delray Beach and Lake Worth. Through her housing initiatives, hundreds of families, most notably working poor families, became homeowners and thousands of chil-dren and families in need were connected with community-based organizations providing val-uable services through her fiscal sponsorship. After retiring, Commissioner Lee continued serving the community as President of the West Palm Beach Branch of the NAACP from 2002–2008. She is an active and devoted member of Trinity United Methodist Church, Florida A&M Alumni Association, Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, and a Life Member of NAACP. Maude Ford Lee is a trailblazer and living leg-end for her daughters Debra and Vanessa, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.008 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1436 November 14, 2016 
her grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and all of Palm Beach County because she stepped up to history and honored it with an unyielding commitment to service with strong and posi-tive results. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pride to honor Maude Ford Lee on her 80th birthday. She is not only an outstanding role model for our community and this nation, but somebody that I am extremely proud to call a good friend. I wish her many more years of success and happiness. 
f 
STRONG OPPOSITION TO WALBERG BILL 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Walberg bill. We must allow the Department of Labor to implement and en-force the Overtime Rule, giving employees a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work. The American people have waited long enough. In 1975, approximately 62 percent of salaried workers were covered by overtime protections—but according to the White House, that is just 7 percent today. This bill would deny the 4.2 million Amer-ican workers affected by this rule $600 million dollars. For working families making under the overtime rule’s threshold, six months of lost overtime pay means less food on the table, less gas in the car, less money in the college fund. We cannot play politics with the incomes of hardworking Americans. The biggest issue facing our country today is that families are not making enough to live on. The overtime rule is a step to lessen the burden on hardworking but struggling fami-lies—it is commonsense and overdue. According to the Economic Policy Institute, workers who will benefit the most from the new rule include women, African Americans, Latinos, and workers under 35. The Department of Labor spent more than a year meeting with 200 stakeholders to collect input for the new rule—and collected more than 270,000 public comments, which they took seriously to make significant changes to the rule, making it work for businesses and working families. I would also add that in 2004, the last time we raised the overtime rule threshold, the Bush Administration used a 120-day imple-mentation period. We are providing even more time, for a rule that is much less complex. This delay is unnecessary and harmful—and we cannot let it pass. This proposal throws up another unnecessary and shameful hurdle in the way of the overtime rule. We have an obli-gation to do right by our working families. IN HONOR OF THOMAS P. TRAYLOR’S THIRTY-EIGHT YEARS WITH BOSTON MEDICAL CENTER AND HIS COMMITMENT TO PROVIDING QUALITY HEALTHCARE TO RESIDENTS OF BOSTON AND MASSACHUSETTS HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Thomas P. Traylor, in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the healthcare community in the City of Boston and across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and to commend him for thirty-eight years of service to Boston Medical Center. Throughout Tom Traylor’s career, in his roles as Vice President at Boston Medical Center, Vice President of Boston Medical Cen-ter’s HealthNet Plan, Commissioner of Bos-ton’s Department of Health and Hospitals, and Chief Financial Officer of Boston’s Department of Health and Hospitals, he was the ever- present, creative force driving health coverage and access for the Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts, dedicating 38 years of service to this mission. During that time, Tom inspired Massachu-setts to participate in its critical first Medicaid 1115 Waiver to expand health coverage to the neediest populations in the Commonwealth. He was engaged in the design of each of the six succeeding waivers, directly impacting Massachusetts Medicaid for over twenty years. Tom was instrumental in creating fund-ing models and mechanisms to support cov-erage expansion and the ability of Boston Medical Center and other safety net hospitals to continue to provide quality care to low in-come populations. And Tom’s deep commit-ment to provide healthcare and coverage to our most vulnerable residents inspired him to create the BMC HealthNet plan, now one of the highest rated Medicaid plans in the coun-try serving people in Massachusetts and in New Hampshire. Tom’s successful collaboration with the mul-tiple state administrations, Massachusetts leg-islature, Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), and the Congressional dele-gation helped bring billions of dollars in fund-ing to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for access and coverage for low income popu-lations. For all of his efforts, Tom was recog-nized nationally as a leader in his field and served as Chair of the National Association of Public Hospitals, and its successor organiza-tion America’s Essential Hospitals. Tom’s deep understanding of the potential of the Medicaid Waiver, as well as the politics and policy surrounding it, were the keys to success that enabled Boston Medical Center, and other safety net hospitals in Massachu-setts, to grow and expand, leveraging federal support for access and coverage for residents of Boston and around the Commonwealth. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to take the floor of the House today to thank Tom Traylor for his remarkable commitment to Boston Medical Center and the people of Boston and Massa-chusetts. I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing Thomas P. Traylor’s efforts and dedicated service to others. CONGRATULATING GEIST ELEMEN-TARY, A BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an outstanding school in my district that is being honored as a 2016 National Blue Ribbon School. It is a pleasure to congratulate Geist Elementary in Fishers, Indiana in celebration of this special occasion. The National Blue Ribbon designation, given by the United States Department of Education, is awarded to both public and private schools across our great nation. Started by President Reagan and given annually since 1982, the award celebrates great American schools that achieve very high learning standards or are making significant improvements in the aca-demic achievements of their students. In my district and across the country, the award rec-ognizes the great educators, students, and parents who have worked so hard to ensure Indiana’s children reach their full potential and achieve academic success. For all of these reasons and many more, I am so proud that Geist Elementary is receiv-ing this prestigious designation. It is a wonder-ful acknowledgement of the school’s commit-ment to providing young Hoosiers an excep-tional education. While hundreds of schools nationwide were nominated, only 329 schools were designated as 2016 National Blue Rib-bon Schools, making this recognition all the more impressive. To be chosen for the Blue Ribbon designa-tion, schools must rank in the top 15 percent of all schools on ISTEP assessments in both reading and mathematics. Teachers work to meet kids at their needs and find what stu-dents need to be successful. Geist Elementary provides students with a nurturing learning en-vironment that allows them to build meaningful relationships and academic self-confidence that they can carry on throughout the rest of their lives. Students are encouraged to en-gage with their school and the real world, through the support of teachers and staff for many student generated projects. Through the dedicated efforts of teachers and hard work of their students, Geist Elementary has truly earned this recognition. Geist Elementary equips students with valuable relationships, support, and never-ending opportunities to learn. As an advocate for education and youth, I also want to acknowledge how important it is to our nation’s future to encourage and raise a new generation of Americans who have the skills and knowledge to succeed both in and out of the classroom. Students like those at Geist Elementary give me hope that we will accomplish this vital mission. Their out-standing work is an inspiration to students, educators, and parents across the nation. Once again, congratulations to Geist Elemen-tary. I am very proud of you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.012 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1437 November 14, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE 125TH ANNIVER-SARY OF WESLEY UNITED METH-ODIST CHURCH IN TOLEDO, OHIO 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a milestone in the life of Wesley United Methodist Church in Toledo, Ohio. I was privileged to participate in the congrega-tion’s celebration this weekend. In 1891, the Reverend Homer Hood found a church building on the corner of Spring Street in Toledo. He established a Sunday school class there, and the church community grew. A decade later, women of the WTCU began selling ten cent doughnuts to raise funds to build a church of their own. In 1924, the cornerstone of Wesley United Methodist Church was laid at 2934 Stickney Avenue in the heart of Toledo’s North End, the oldest part of the city. The church was raised and Wesley United Methodist Church has been firmly planted at this location ever since. Even in the dark days of America’s Great De-pression, the congregation grew. Notably, John G. Kingsley made the mortgage pay-ments, at the cost of his own business. Fortu-nately, he was able to restart his business later. Throughout the 1940s the church contin-ued to grow. As World War II carried on in that decade, many members were part of the war effort, with some giving the ultimate sac-rifice in battle. The 1950s and 1960s saw con-tinuing growth, mission work, choirs and a jun-ior church with two active youth groups. The 1970s and 1980s brought change, but the church remained an anchor in the neigh-borhood and provided outreach. The church welcomed its first female minister to the pulpit, with Dr. Margaret Mallory’s installation in her first congregation. The 1990s brought further change and a partnership with Broadway United Methodist Church that lasted briefly. The congregation also celebrated a glorious 100th anniversary in 1991. The dawn of the congregation’s life in a third century brought Pastor Waverly Earley, whose service continues to this day. The con-gregation is committed to being ‘‘the hands and feet of Jesus’’ in our community. Parish-ioners describe themselves as a ‘‘caring fam-ily, closely knitted together and striving to serve God in all ways that are possible.’’ Liv-ing Jesus Christ’s message described in Mat-thew 25:40 that ‘‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me,’’ the church is committed to active ministry and is involved in the North Toledo Citizens Circle for ex-offend-ers, host of Camp Toledo, and Toledo Area Ministries’ Feed Your Neighbor’s largest site. The church’s Mary/Martha Circle continues its behind-the-scenes mission efforts to help sup-port the congregation. The church offers a participatory youth group and youth choir and recently added a Men’s Group and a men’s chorus. Family is the focus with family movie nights, ice cream socials, harvest dinners, out-door services, Vacation Bible School and mile-stone celebrations of faith. Wesley United Methodist Church congregants declare that they are ‘‘serving God and mankind with our SWEAT.’’ That is, ‘‘Service, Worship, Evangelism, Alliances, and Teachings.’’ For more than a century, its members have brought that zeal to its neigh-borhood in North Toledo, serving as a beacon of hope and light. As the congregation cele-brated 125 years of rich history, it looks for-ward with faith continuing its journey with Jesus. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SAC-RAMENTO’S HONORABLE VET-ERANS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize some of the many veterans who risked their lives serving Sacramento and the United States. Each of the below veterans were nominated by their organization and Post leaders in recognition of their outstanding dedication to their country. Mr. Speaker, as these veterans and their families gather to cel-ebrate their invaluable contributions to our community, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring the following veterans for their commitment and the sacrifices they have made for their fellow veterans and our region. 
Tino Adame, Theodore E. Adams, Michael G. Andrade, James M. Armstrong, Renee Bickerstaff, Melvin M. Bisgay, Phillip Blan-co, Nigel ‘‘Tony’’ Boucher, James A. Brashear, Garren W. Bratcher, Carol L. Brush, John A. Buck, Melvin R. Buzzard, Jenny ‘‘Leilani’’ Callison, Chuck G. Carter, Selso A. Cavazos, Christine Chalmers, Sherry Lou Chavez, Naraya Comeault, Jon Cornett. JoAnn C. Coughlin, Raymond J. Coughlin, Anthony R. Creel, Hugh E. Crooks, Jr., Lewis Derfuss, Erma ‘‘Tootsie’’ Dougherty, Dale E. Esperante, Sister Libby Fernandez, RSM, Edward L. Ford, Fred Gagliardini, Esq., Vic-tor Michael Garcia, Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ Gard-ner, Steven Goch, Frank Goehringer, Patrick A. Graham, Joseph Handy, Bobby Hanks, Don Harper, Jason Henry. Elva O. Herrera, Tobrin S. Hewitt, Nellie Hill, Phelps Hobart, Wendy Van Houten, Mi-chael R. Hughes, Vito Imbasciani, M.D., David L. Jackson, Deborah K. Johnson, FL Johnson, Robyn A. King, Renee M. Kuznik, Ben Lapolla, Elwood ‘‘Bud’’ Lee, James J. Lim, Shing Long, Kenneth Lusk, Buford Lee Maples, Brian J. McGuinness, Dennis A. McKey. Michael Allen Mellow, Toney Meredith, Diana Russell-Milton, James Milton, Larry Steven Minasian, Silvia Moseley, George Moses, Peter Muse, Dana Nichol, John Otero, Rebecca S. Overby, Garry L. Overby, Col. Steven R. Painter (Ret.), Bobbi J. Park, Charles W. Peterson, Jerome ‘‘Jerry’’ Quint, Dr. Mariana M. Raba, Greg Raffa, John H. Reece. Mark E. Reichert, Sanford Earl Ross, James ‘‘Jim’’ Rounsavell, Terry Sandhoff, Patricia ‘‘Patty’’ H. Schumacher, Gene Ag Shropshire, Cheryl R. Shropshire, Dale E. Smith, Randy B. Smith, Mark ‘‘Coach’’ Soto, Paul Sullivan, Rick J. Sutter, Anna M. Sut-ton, Ray Tarango, Wallace Allen Taylor, Roger G. Van Tassel, Justin P. Turner, Joe Velasquez, Suzanne ‘‘Suzi’’ Vinci, Melissa A. Washington. Rhett W. White, Howard R. Williams, Bald-win Y. Wong, Michael S. Wong, Juanzelyn Charice Wright, Wayne A. Wright, Wayne W. Wright, Eduardo Yanez. 
IN MEMORIAM  Mary Bisgay, Dimples McCray, Willie McCray, Jr., Ruben C. Ramos, Gary E. Ross, Malenda E. Smith, Valentino L. Soto, Ewing Bruce Townely, Robert Wayne Turner, Rob-ert V. Welch. f HONORING PROFESSOR LYLE ROSENBERGER OF BUCKS COUN-TY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Professor Lyle Rosenberger of Bucks County Community College. Professor Rosenberger is the 2016 recipient of The Na-tional Society of the Daughters of the Amer-ican Revolution Historic Preservation Medal. The Washington Crossing Chapter is pleased to present this award in recognition of Pro-fessor Rosenberger’s accomplishments in the area of historic preservation. In 1991 Professor Rosenberger established and directed the Historic Preservation Pro-gram at Bucks County Community College. This was an innovative achievement for a community college in the United States. He went on to lead this effort across the country. Professor Rosenberger founded the ETA chapter of Sigma Pi Kappa, a national honor society for historic preservation students as well as the National Institute for Staff and Or-ganizational Development (NISOD) celebrating teaching the subject. Many organizations have recognized Pro-fessor Rosenberger’s achievements including Bucks County’s Heritage Conservancy. And today, Mr. Speaker, I recognize Professor Rosenberger’s achievements. 
f 
HONORING THE MARTINEZ HISTORICAL SOCIETY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Martinez Historical Society, which is celebrating the 40th anniver-sary and the reopening of the Martinez Mu-seum. The Martinez Historical Society was estab-lished in 1973 with the ambitious goal of pre-serving a historical cottage dating to the 1890’s so that future generations could appre-ciate our community’s heritage. That cottage became the Martinez Museum in 1976, and it now serves as a cornerstone for community history and engagement. The museum has ex-hibits that encourage visitors to learn about the rich history of Martinez and offers tours to students and groups to encourage their curi-osity and desire to learn about our diverse and cultured community. In addition to operating the Martinez Mu-seum, the Martinez Historical Society provides services to our community such as maintain-ing the Local History Library and the Archive of Martinez. These services are made even more notable when considering the organiza-tion operates with an all-volunteer staff. Fur-thermore, the Historical Society serves as a champion for education by offering school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.016 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1438 November 14, 2016 
tours to engage young learners, providing cur-riculum materials to various Martinez schools, and sponsoring state-wide conferences and workshops related to history. With 200 volun-teers and an additional 300 members, it is no surprise that the Martinez Historical Society is a cornerstone in our community. Mr. Speaker, the Martinez Historical Society is of tremendous value to our community, and its success has brought awareness to our community’s vibrant history through the work of the Martinez Museum and its dedication to education. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor the Martinez Historical Society here today. 
f 
HONORING STAFF SERGEANT AARON M. TOBLER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Staff Sergeant Aaron M. Tobler of the United States Air Force who has been named one of the twelve Outstanding Airmen of the Year for 2016. Aaron enlisted in the Air Force Reserve in 2011 and received honors at both basic train-ing and technical school. He is currently a Geospatial Intelligence Analyst assigned to the 50th Intelligence Squadron at Distributed Ground Station-Two at Beale Air Force Base, California where his job is to exploit high-value targets and satisfy intelligence requirements in support of Combatant Commanders around the World. As a direct result of Staff Sergeant Tobler’s work, weapon manufacturing com-pounds were identified and destroyed, crip-pling an entire terrorist network. He also facili-tated successful over watch of Joint Task Force troop convoys, ensuring over two thou-sand miles of roads were clear of threats. When he’s not working for the Air Force, Aaron is an active member in his community. He is a manager with the California Depart-ment of Social Services in Sacramento, and serves on the Board of Directors for Rocklin Residents Unite for Fido community group, an organization that offers scholarships to wound-ed veterans to receive training for their service dogs. He is involved in several community fundraising events, offering strategic support and is a regular blood donor. Staff Sergeant Aaron Tobler exemplifies what it means to be an Outstanding Airman. His has accumulated many accolades and medals in his Air Force career, and now he can add being the first Reservist in the Intel-ligence Career Field to ever be selected as an Outstanding Airman of the Year as one of his many accomplishments. Mr. Speaker, I am honored that Sergeant Tobler and his family are assigned to Beale Air Force Base in my district. And it is my privilege to recognize him here for his out-standing contributions to California and to the United States. RECOGNIZING SUE WATSON HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Sue Watson, who celebrated her 80th birthday on October 8th. I would like to take this opportunity to extend to her my wish-es for an extraordinary, happy birthday and congratulations on this very special milestone. Sue Watson was born on October 8, 1936 in South Bend, IN. She and her family moved to Palm Beach in 1976. In 1981, Sue was one of the founding members of Temple Judea and in 1982 was among the representative members of Palm Beach County at the first United Jewish Appeal Campaign Leadership Gathering in Israel. An avid dancer, Sue has won numerous ballroom dance competitions and awards—as well as the envy of her peers. She has dedicated her life to caring for others, from volunteering to care for infants born with HIV to her work helping patients at Hospice of Palm Beach County. Sue would say her most important work, however, is being the mother of Jodi and Brad Ochstein and the grand-mother of Chris and Jake Ochstein, all of whom love her and were thrilled to be with her to celebrate her 80th birthday. I am honored to recognize Sue Watson in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , and I wish her a joyous and enriching year ahead. Happy birth-day. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF TOM HAYDEN 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Thomas Emmet Hayden—husband, father, and public servant—who passed away on Sunday, Octo-ber 23, 2016. Born in Royal Oak, Michigan, Tom attended the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. He served as the editor in chief of the campus newspaper and found a true passion for the Civil Rights Movement. From this critical junc-ture, Tom began his journey of public service and ensured he would be a voice to the voice-less. Through these early formative years, Tom became an inspirational and resolute leader, critic, and organizer whose legacy was borne during a time of political and social upheaval. He was politically active during the Vietnam War and the Civil Rights Movement, giving voice to a generation that yearned for peace and racial justice. Tom’s dedication to public service continued in the California State Assembly from 1982– 1992 and State Senate from 1992–2000. Whether it was divestment from apartheid South Africa or support for solar power, Tom proved to be an amazing political force and spoke truth to power. Tom is survived by his wife, Barbara Wil-liams, sister, three children, and two grand-children. His family has much to be proud of given his critical legacy, and he will surely be missed. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Tom Hayden’s exceptional life. f 
HONORING DEBORAH SLIZ ON HER DISTINGUISHED CAREER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge Ms. Deborah Rochelle Sliz, who for more than thirty-five years has served with distinction as a trusted advocate for the com-munity-owned utilities that serve consumers in small and large communities alike. I first met Deborah through her work as the Washington representative of the Sacramento Municipal Utility District, fondly known as SMUD. SMUD serves the City of Sacramento with affordable electricity on a not-for-profit basis. And in the same way SMUD has fo-cused on providing reliable, forward-thinking customer service, Deborah has provided her clients with sound advice and valuable insights into energy policy. Deborah began her career here on Capitol Hill, as Counsel for Chairman Morris K. Udall of the House Interior and Insular Affairs Com-mittee—now known as the House Resources Committee. There she handled water and power issues, which became her life’s work. She went on to advocate for not-for-profit power systems at the American Public Power Association, then at APCO Worldwide. In 2006, she became the President and CEO of Morgan Meguire, LLC and has built a highly regarded government relations firm during a transformative time in the energy industry. Her commitment to community-owned electric utili-ties, coupled with her business sense, people skills, and personal integrity, have made Mor-gan Meguire—under her leadership—second to none when it comes to energy policy advo-cacy. Deborah has worked with Members of Con-gress throughout the country, from both sides of the aisle, to advance her clients’ interests. Deborah has played a pivotal role in the de-velopment of landmark legislation including the Clean Air Act of 1990, the Energy Policy Act of 2005, and the Hoover Power Reallocation Act of 2011, to name just a few. Utility managers and their elected board members consider her a trusted advisor and say that they have greatly benefited from her leadership and vision, while her colleagues and her staff say she is known for her ability to bring stakeholders together, her integrity, and forthrightness. With accolades like these, it is not surprising that my personal and professional respect and admiration for Deborah runs deep, and I wish her happiness and good health in her retire-ment. The wise counsel, determination, and good sense of humor with which she has served on behalf of public power will be fondly remembered. Thank you for your service, Deborah. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.019 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1439 November 14, 2016 
CONGRATULATING WEST CLAY EL-EMENTARY, A BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an outstanding school in my district that is being honored as a 2016 National Blue Ribbon School. It is a pleasure to congratulate West Clay Elemen-tary in Carmel, Indiana in celebration of this special occasion. The National Blue Ribbon designation, given by the United States Department of Education, is awarded to both public and private schools across our great nation. Started by President Reagan and given annually since 1982, the award celebrates great American schools that achieve very high learning standards or are making significant improvements in the aca-demic achievements of their students. In my district and across the country, the award rec-ognizes the great educators, students, and parents who have worked so hard to ensure Indiana’s children reach their full potential and achieve academic success. For all of these reasons and many more, I am so proud that West Clay Elementary is re-ceiving this prestigious designation. It is a wonderful acknowledgement of the school’s commitment to providing young Hoosiers an exceptional education. While hundreds of schools nationwide were nominated, only 329 schools were designated as 2016 National Blue Ribbon Schools, making this recognition all the more impressive. West Clay Elementary’s dedication to em-power students to become active, independent learners and educational risk takers helps stu-dents to achieve their goals and grow aca-demically. This growth mindset allows stu-dents to explore opportunities in order to real-ize their full potential as learners. West Clay creates a positive environment for its students through the school community’s commitment to diversity and creating a respectful environ-ment where all students are celebrated for what makes them unique. Their commitment to diversity and excellence has made it a thriv-ing community which fosters respect and builds on a foundation of open ongoing com-munication between students, teachers, and parents. As an advocate for education and youth, I also want to acknowledge how important it is to our nation’s future to encourage and raise a new generation of Americans who have the skills and knowledge to succeed both in and out of the classroom. Students like those at West Clay Elementary give me hope that we will accomplish this vital mission. Their out-standing work is an inspiration to students, educators, and parents across the nation. Once again, congratulations to West Clay Ele-mentary. I am very proud of you. 
f 
DORETHA EDGECOMB 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the lifetime accomplishments of my friend and the trailblazing Floridian, Mrs. Doretha Edgecomb. Her invaluable contribu-tion to the Tampa Bay community is an inspi-ration to us all. Today, I am grateful to recog-nize her selfless dedication and honorable service to our community. Mrs. Edgecomb is a proud graduate of Mid-dleton High School in Tampa, Florida and later Talladega College in Talladega, Alabama. She began her esteemed career as a junior high school English teacher with Hillsborough County Public Schools. She later earned a Masters of Arts degree in Reading Education and received certification in Educational Lead-ership from the University of South Florida. Her 52 year career as an educator encom-passes numerous positions throughout the field of education, to include Reading Teacher, Learning Specialist, Title I Parent Involvement Coordinator, and Elementary Principal. In 1996, after retiring from the Hillsborough County School District, Mrs. Edgecomb joined Educational Testing Service, serving as a trainer, program developer, and technical as-sistance advisor for schools in the state de-partments of Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Additionally, she has taught in the College of Education at the Uni-versity of South Florida. Mrs. Edgecomb was elected to the Hillsborough County School Board in 2004 and re-elected in 2008, where she served as Vice Chair in 2010 and Chair in 2011. She is actively involved in several professional, civil, and social, and community organizations. She represents the School Board on the Hillsborough County Children’s Board, serving her second term as Chair. She serves as a member of the Florida School Boards Associa-tion Board of Directors as a legislative liaison, board of directors for the Regional Educational Lab-Southeast, Florida State University, advi-sory committee of Gulf Coast Jewish Family and Community Services, and the executive board of the Council of Great City Schools. Mrs. Edgecomb is a 55-year member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated, Athena Society, Inc., where she is the Presi-dent-Elect of the Robert Saunders Friends of the Library, and a faithful member of Hyde Park United Methodist Church. Mrs. Edgecomb shared a strong partnership with her distinguished late husband the Honor-able Judge George E. Edgecomb. Judge Edgecomb an activist in his own right, blazed the trail for African-Americans in the Tampa Bay. He was the first African-American to serve as Assistant County Solicitor, Assistant State Attorney, and to be appointed as County Judge for Hillsborough County. They share one daughter, Allison who is an Administrator in Hillsborough County Public Schools. Mrs. Edgecomb has selflessly dedicated her life to our community and the children of the Tampa Bay. Countless students and young professionals have benefited from her im-measurable efforts and unabashed enthu-siasm. Her commitment will always be remem-bered and appreciated. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful Tampa Bay community, I am proud to recognize Doretha W. Edgecomb for her lifelong exemplary service to the State of Florida. CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF GRACE EPISCOPAL CHURCH HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of bringing to the attention of the House Grace Episcopal Church of Allentown, Pennsylvania as it celebrates its 150th anniversary this year. Since its earliest days, the Lehigh Valley has been home to a large population of Ger-man Americans who established Lutheran and Reformed congregations throughout the re-gion. With the advent of iron-making, however, many British workers began migrating to Allen-town, bringing their Episcopalian roots with them. To placate their increasing desire for a church, Rev. Azariah Prior was sent to Allen-town where he led Episcopalian services in the Lehigh County Courthouse for three years. During that time, the first commercially suc-cessful anthracite coal-powered iron furnace was created in the community now known as Catasauqua in 1840. Additional workers were needed, and many from Britain joined their fel-low countrymen and women in the Lehigh Val-ley. Further north, in Mauch Chunk, Asa Pack-er—the renowned railroad tycoon, Congress-man, and founder of Lehigh University—re-quested membership to the Presbyterian Church, but was purportedly rejected due to his unwillingness to sign a temperance pledge. The father of Packer’s chief advisor, William Sayre, encouraged him to become Episcopa-lian. Packer agreed, and the operational head-quarters of his Lehigh Valley Railroad in South Bethlehem became a gathering point for other Episcopalians. Finally, in 1865, the construction of Grace Episcopal Church began on a lot at the north-west corner of Linden and 5th Street. Today, the Church serves as a bastion of support to the surrounding community through its ministry and its pre-school through elemen-tary, as well as GED, educational programs. It continues to provide a spiritual and physical comfort to the surrounding areas in the Lehigh Valley. I ask the House to join me in offering con-gratulations to Grace Episcopal’s congrega-tion, and I wish them another 150 years of continued community outreach and spiritual edification. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SHERIFF DAVID BYRNES 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Sheriff David Byrnes for serving 16 years as Kaufman County Sheriff and for serv-ing a total of 47 years in law enforcement pro-tecting the citizens of Texas. On November 5, 2017 David Byrnes will re-tire from a lifetime of serving the United States and Texas. Sheriff Byrnes began his career in the Navy before pursuing a career in law en-forcement. He began his law enforcement ca-reer as a Deputy Sheriff in Tarrant County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.024 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1440 November 14, 2016 
Afterwards he joined the Department of Public Safety where he served as a Highway Patrol-man in Pecos, Denton, and Fort Davis. He was later promoted to the Texas Rangers and served in Midland, Snyder, and Garland. He retired from the Rangers as the Captain of Company B in 1996. David has now spent the last 16 years as the Kaufman County Sheriff. On behalf of all the people touched by the work of Sheriff Byrnes, I want to thank him for all of his work. We have been blessed to have you protecting us and I wish you a happy re-tirement. 
f 
BOOKSHOP SANTA CRUZ 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 50th anniversary of Bookshop Santa Cruz, a family-owned, independent bookstore based in Santa Cruz, California. Bookshop Santa Cruz started in 1966 and quickly became the heart of Downtown Santa Cruz, providing the community with access to books, magazines, newspapers and gifts while also creating a community meeting ground for friends and visitors alike. Over the last 50 years, Bookshop Santa Cruz established itself as a nationally-renowned bookstore dedicated to the written word, the discussion of ideas and the creation of community. In 1973, Neal and Candy Coonerty bought Bookshop Santa Cruz and raised their two children, Ryan and Casey, in the store. To-gether they helped the store survive many challenges including the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, competition from nearby chain bookstores and the rise of the internet retailer. Bookshop Santa Cruz held thousands of au-thor events over the years allowing numerous opportunities for authors to engage with their fans about their work. The store was instru-mental in starting the shop local movement in Santa Cruz and lead community-wide con-versations about the role of local business in our economy, the value of maintaining vital downtown corridors and the importance of freedom of speech and reader privacy. In 1989, Bookshop Santa Cruz survived the terrible Loma Prieta earthquake, which de-stroyed over 75 percent of Downtown Santa Cruz, with the help of their staff and commu-nity. Hundreds of volunteers signed liability waivers to enter the red-tagged Bookshop building to rescue all of the books and fixtures, thereby allowing Bookshop Santa Cruz to con-tinue to operate for three years in a large pa-vilion tent as Downtown Santa Cruz was re-built. In the meantime, Neal Coonerty suc-cessfully ran for City Council and became Mayor of Santa Cruz to help with the down-town rebuilding process. Ten years ago, Casey Coonerty Protti, took over management of the store as a second- generation owner. During this time, she suc-cessfully launched vital children’s programs such as Young Writers Contest, Summer Reading Program where each year over 600 kids earn rewards for reading during the sum-mer months as well as bringing authors into local schools. These efforts are central in helping create the next generation of readers. In addition, the owners of Bookshop con-tinue to give back to the community that sup-ported them throughout the years with Neal Coonerty and Ryan Coonerty both serving as Mayor of Santa Cruz as well as on the Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors and Casey Coonerty Protti serving on the Board of the Downtown Association, the Santa Cruz Edu-cation Foundation and an appointee on the Santa Cruz Downtown Commission. Mr. Speaker, I join the entire House in con-gratulating Bookshop Santa Cruz on 50 years and thanking their owners and bookselling staff for all that they contribute to the Santa Cruz community. We hope they continue to breathe life into the cultural fabric of the Santa Cruz community for another 50 years. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO PHILLIP ROGERS FOR HIS 35 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Phil Rogers of the Ander-son Fire Department. For over three decades Phil has served the City and residents of An-derson, Indiana through his work as a para-medic, firefighter, and two terms as the Ander-son Fire Department Chief. The people of Indi-ana’s Fifth Congressional District are forever grateful for Phil Rogers’ commitment to mak-ing the City of Anderson a safer, better place to live. Phil is a lifelong Hoosier. He was born and raised in Anderson and he graduated from Madison Heights High School in 1978. After high school, Phil attended Indiana State Uni-versity where he studied industrial engineer-ing. He decided that industrial engineering was not his passion and, fortunately there was an opening with the Anderson Fire Depart-ment which allowed Phil to begin his path to-ward his true calling as an emergency re-sponder. He applied to the cadet program and, in October 1981, he became a sworn firefighter. Through the addition of paramedic services to the Anderson Fire Department in the late 1980s, Phil found his passion for pa-tient care through paramedic service. Phil is a public safety veteran, his years of distinguished service proved invaluable and in January 2006 Mayor Kevin Smith appointed Phil to be the City of Anderson’s 21st Fire Chief. Phil became the first African-American to serve as Fire Chief for the City of Anderson and Madison County. He is also the first Afri-can-American paramedic in Madison County as well as the first Paramedic to be appointed Chief of the Anderson Fire Department. His leadership emphasized professionalism and increased training. He ensured that all depart-ment firefighters were certified. Recognizing the need for a new training facility, Phil cham-pioned the development of the regional Fire Training Center on Martin Luther King Boule-vard, which services the 13 surrounding coun-ties. He worked tirelessly to lower Anderson’s fire rating, reducing insurance costs for busi-nesses. And he was instrumental to the suc-cessful application for The Department of Homeland Security’s Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response program (SAFER) which awarded the Anderson Fire Department a 1.25 million dollar grant to assist with emergency preparation and response ef-forts. After his time as chief, Phil returned to Station 2 and resumed his duties as a para-medic. Phil devoted himself to a life of service to his community. Through his dedication to pa-tient care, to capable local government, and above all his Hoosier home, he has made the City of Anderson and the wider community of Madison County a safer and better place to live. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I wish to extend a heartfelt thank you to Phil for his 35 years of service. I wish the very best to Phil in his well-deserved retirement as well as in the next exciting chapter of his life. f 
HONORING LT COL IRA STEPHEN ‘‘SHOOTER’’ EADIE 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Lieutenant Colonel Ira Stephen ‘‘Shooter’’ Eadie, who died on September 20, 2016 while flying a routine training mission. At 9:05am, the TU–25 piloted by Lt Col Eadie and his trainee crashed near the Sutter Buttes in California. They were assigned to the 1st Reconnaissance Squadron at Beale Air Force Base. Although both pilots ejected from the aircraft, Lt Col Eadie did not survive. Lt Col Eadie was a respected pilot who began his military career in the Navy, flying P– 3 patrol aircraft. He eventually joined the Air Force and became a U–2 pilot. The U–2 is a notoriously difficult aircraft to fly—becoming a U–2 pilot means you are among the very best. He was part of an elite, tight-knit group of pi-lots, whose flights more closely mirror those of astronauts—the U–2 flies at altitudes over 70,000 feet, at the very edge of the atmos-phere, affording the pilot breathtaking views of the horizon, watching nighttime creep across the Earth. Steve was a loving and devoted family man. He met his wife Ashley in Lake City, FL, and together they raised six children, and recently welcomed a granddaughter. Mr. Speaker, pilots fondly quote, ‘‘Oh! I have slipped the surly bonds of earth, and danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings’’. Today, it is my heartfelt honor to remember a cherished member of the flying community, Lt Col ‘‘Shooter’’ Eadie, who has put out his hand, and touched the face of God. In the days to come, may strength and comfort be granted to his family and friends, the 1st Re-connaissance Squadron and Beale Air Force Base, and the entire Dragon Lady community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 15TH AN-NIVERSARY OF ROBERTS FAM-ILY DEVELOPMENT CENTER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Roberts Family Develop-ment Center’s 15th Anniversary. As founders Derrell and Tina Roberts, along with the Cen-ter’s staff, join their friends and supporters to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.027 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1441 November 14, 2016 
celebrate 15 years of dedicated service to the Sacramento community, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this wonderful organiza-tion. The Roberts Family Development Center was founded in 2001 by Derrell and Tina Rob-erts in memory of their grandparents who passed their beliefs in the principles of family on to their grandchildren. Today, the Center carries on these ideals and values through its empowerment of families in the Sacramento region. The Robertses believed that in order to strengthen a family, the needs of each indi-vidual must be met. This led them to create the Roberts Family Development Center, which provides high-risk families with financial support, parental education, and access to technology. The Center also focuses on sup-porting children’s educational goals through its after-school programs, which provide students with a safe learning space where they can take part in recreational meetings as well as receive tutoring under the guidance of men-tors. The Center also promotes civic engage-ment through its organization of volunteers. Mr. Speaker, as members of the Roberts Family Development Center gather to cele-brate its 15th anniversary, I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring this extraor-dinary organization for its commitment to the families and community of Sacramento. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICKEY MARVIN 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Mickey Marvin of Henderson County, North Carolina. On behalf of the peo-ple of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Mr. Marvin for his continued service to the Henderson County community. A Henderson County native, Marvin played football at West Henderson High School, Brevard High School, and the University of Tennessee before being drafted to play for the Oakland Raiders in 1977. In his 10 years with the Raiders, he would go on to play 120 games and win two Super Bowl Champion-ships as starting right guard for the team. After an outstanding career playing college and pro-fessional football, he returned home to Hen-dersonville. While his time playing on the field may have ended, Marvin remains engaged in his community and with the Raiders as a re-gional talent scout. He is a frequent speaker at local churches and youth conferences, and has held Football Camps for youth in Western North Carolina. As a faith and community leader, Marvin has given Sunday morning devotionals on local radio, has been a national speaker for the Fellowship of Christian Ath-letes, has supported the deputies of the Hen-derson County Sheriff’s Department, and is an active member of the First Nazarene Church of Hendersonville. Recently, by creating the Mickey Marvin Scholarship Fund, he has en-sured that his legacy will benefit student ath-letes across Henderson County for genera-tions to come. Mickey Marvin is held in high esteem by citi-zens in Henderson County and across West-ern North Carolina. Even in the midst of his struggle with ALS, Marvin continues to be a man of exemplary character, faith, and kind-ness. For his continuing service to his commu-nity, I am honored to express the sincere thanks and best wishes of the people of North Carolina. f 
INTERNATIONAL DAY OF REMEM-BRANCE AGAINST FORCED ORGAN HARVESTING 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, October 1 is designated as an International Day of Re-membrance Against Forced Organ Harvesting. Doctors Against Forced Organ Harvesting or-ganized the Day of Remembrance and a peti-tion to be presented to the United Nations call-ing for an immediate halt to China’s forced organ harvesting from detained Falun Gong practitioners, other prisoners and prisoners of conscience in China. Nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize—2016, Doctors Against Forced Organ Harvesting, is seeking an immediate end to this practice, as well as objective inves-tigations leading to the prosecution of the per-petrators. And urging the Chinese government to end the 27-year persecution against Falun Gong, believed initiated by former President Zemin in 1999 and cited as the cause and source of forced organ harvesting from pris-oners. By ending the genocide of the Falun Gong group, other populations in China will be safeguarded. This practice is another form of evil in our time and the United Nations will be further alerted to this crime against humanity, as are we. 
f 
CHARLESTON HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS GOLF TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the outstanding success of the Charleston High School girls’ golf team. The Charleston Trojans posted a score of 676, seven strokes better than their nearest rival, and gave the school its first ever Class 1A girls’ golf state title. Leading the way were Lauren Chappell, who won an individual title, fellow senior golfers Ally O’Dell and Aislinn Parish, juniors Haley Walker and Bailey Tay-lor, and sophomore Paige Chappell. I would also like to acknowledge Charleston girls’ golf coach Deb Landsaw for her hard work which went into this championship, as well as her unshakable faith that this team had what it takes to win, and the Trojans’ Athletic Director, Jim Wood. The road to victory was not an easy one for Charleston, which saw their 11-stroke lead evaporate on the final day of play. But the team rallied, summoning the mental toughness of a champion, and went on to a win the day and the match. I am very proud of the Charleston High School’s girls’ golf team, and I look forward to the continued success of the team, as I ex-tend my best wishes for another outstanding season next year. f 
HONORING THE LAKE COUNTY WINEGRAPE COMMISSION 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Lake County Winegrape Commission as it celebrates 25 years representing winegrape growers in Lake County, California. The Lake County Winegrape Commission was established in 1991 as a state agency to work on behalf of winegrape growers in the areas of marketing, research and education. The Commission is steadfastly dedicated to quality winegrape growing and today rep-resents approximately 180 winegrape growers. Located in Kelseyville, California the Lake County Winegrape Commission has been at the forefront of environmental sustainability in the wine community. The Commission fosters sustainable winegrowing practices through its many professional development programs. The Master Vigneron Academy provides a course in winegrowing taught in Spanish, and the commission’s Sustainable Winegrowing Program certifies vineyard owners who dem-onstrate adherence to environmentally sound, socially equitable and economically viable principles. In addition to its service to winegrape grow-ers, the Lake County Winegrape Commission is dedicated to serving the wider community as well. In the wake of the devastating Valley Fire, the Commission collaborated with other community partners to establish Lake County Rising, which has raised over $1 million to support long-term recovery and rebuilding ef-forts. These funds are being used to meet a wide range of community needs, including pro-viding food, furnishings, supplies, and equip-ment for those who lost homes in the fire. Mr. Speaker, the Lake County Winegrape Commission has been instrumental in devel-oping Lake County’s reputation for producing high-quality winegrapes for the past 25 years and has been an invaluable community part-ner in times of need. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the Lake County Winegrape Commission here today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. RON MARCHETTI AS THE 2016 UNICO HAZLETON CHAPTER’S COLUM-BUS DAY OUTSTANDING ITALIAN-AMERICAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Mr. Ron Marchetti, who has been selected as the 2016 UNICO Hazleton Chap-ter’s Columbus Day Outstanding Italian-Amer-ican of the Year. UNICO, which is Italian for ‘‘one of a kind,’’ perfectly describes all that Ron does, and I am grateful for his contribu-tions to my constituents, my hometown, and our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.031 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1442 November 14, 2016 
Founded in 1922, UNICO National is the largest Italian-American service organization in the nation, with the mission of engaging in charitable works, supporting higher education, and performing patriotic deeds. UNICO Hazle-ton was formed in 1950 as the first chapter in Pennsylvania, and continues to advance the principle of service to community, over service to oneself. Ron graduated from Hazleton High School in 1957, and like so many proud Italian-Ameri-cans, joined the family business as a fourth- generation employee. R.L. Marchetti Plumbing still operates to this day and is run by his son, Randy. In 1961, Ron felt a duty to serve his country and enlisted in the U.S. Army at the height of the Cold War. After serving for two years, he returned to Hazleton to continue on in the family business. Ron serves as the president of the Hazleton Plumbers Associa-tion, a position he has held for the past 28 years, and also sits on the Hazleton Historical Society board. I’ve known Ron personally for many years and I can’t think of anyone that’s had a bigger impact on Hazleton sports throughout the years. Ron started his sports commentary ca-reer with two shows on local television, ‘‘Trivia Treats’’ and ‘‘Short Shots,’’ and to this day fans and former athletes still request copies of these segments. He then went on to be a sports editor for PANORAMA magazine for 25 years. Ron is the former president of the Ha-zleton Quarterbacks Club and has been ac-tively involved with the Hazleton Area football program for over 25 years. Many in the com-munity still refer to Ron as the heart, soul, and voice of sports in the Hazleton area, and his induction into the Hazleton Area Sports Hall of Fame in 2012 and the Luzerne County Sports Hall of Fame in 2015, speak to his distin-guished contributions. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mr. Ron Marchetti for his exemplary service to the Italian-American community and the greater Hazleton Area. Ron and his wife, Chris, cele-brated their 54th Anniversary this past April, and his four children, Lisa, Robin, Terri, and Randy, and seven grandchildren, can take pride in knowing that his contributions to the Hazleton Area will have a lasting impact for generations to come. I thank Ron for all that he has done for our community and wish him and his family the best in their future endeav-ors. 
f 
A NEW EXHIBIT HONORING A VIRGINIA HERO 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am de-lighted to congratulate my friend and distin-guished public servant, former Secretary of the Army John O. Marsh, Jr., in the opening of a new exhibit in his honor at the National Infantry Museum at Fort Benning. As the long-est serving Secretary of the Army, this is a well-deserved recognition of his service and contributions to our country and the Common-wealth of Virginia. Secretary Marsh began his public service at the age of 18 when he enlisted in the United States Army during World War II where he served with occupation forces in Germany. After the war, Secretary Marsh pursued a ca-reer in law while continuing to serve in the U.S. Army Reserve and the Virginia Army Na-tional Guard, retiring as a Lieutenant Colonel in 1976. In 1962, he was elected to represent the people of Virginia’s Seventh Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives and served honorably for four terms. While serving in Congress, Secretary Marsh grad-uated from the Army’s Airborne Infantry School, earning his Senior Parachutist Badge. In fact, he served during the Vietnam War without mentioning to his fellow soldiers that he was a sitting Member of Congress—a true display of his humble statesmanship. Following his service in Congress, Secretary Marsh served as Assistant Secretary of De-fense and was a counselor to President Ger-ald Ford. In 1981, he was appointed as Sec-retary of the Army by President Ronald Reagan. He went on to serve as the Secretary of the Army until 1989, making him the longest serving Secretary of the Army in history. He served during the sweeping reconstruction of our military’s organization, and helped imple-ment the joint and more efficient Armed Forces we see today. Secretary Marsh has received six Depart-ment of Defense Distinguished Public Service awards, the Presidential Citizens Medal, the Doughboy Award, the Gerald R. Ford Medal for Distinguished Public Service, and is a member of the Army’s Officer Candidate School Hall of Fame and the Ranger Hall of Fame. On September 16, 2016, the National Infantry Museum at Fort Benning, Georgia, opened a new exhibit to honor Secretary Marsh’s lifetime of service. It has been an honor to know Secretary Marsh and his family over the years. He is a native of Virginia and has deep roots in the Shenandoah Valley. As a fellow alumnus of Washington and Lee University, he is a true inspiration. As President Ford once said, ‘‘Anyone who can make thirty-eight parachute jumps while serving as a Congressman has to be fairly calm and unflappable.’’ I congratulate Secretary Marsh on this much-deserved exhibit. Future generations will forever recognize his immense contributions to our nation. I wish him and his family the best. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL JOHN M
CGOFF ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE INDIANA AIR NA-TIONAL GUARD 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brigadier General John McGoff on the occasion of his retirement from the Indiana Air National Guard. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are for-ever grateful for John’s exceptional service and dedication to our Hoosier state and our great country. A lifelong Hoosier, John was born and raised in the Broad Ripple area of Indianap-olis. He attended St Pius X Catholic School, where his parents were founding members, and where he has been a lifelong parishioner. Growing up, John volunteered at Wishard Hospital Emergency Department in his free time. Through this volunteer work he devel-oped an interest in emergency medicine. After graduating North Central High School in 1977, John attended Indiana University to study biol-ogy. Graduating early from college, John then went on to attend Indiana University School of Medicine to pursue his dream of becoming a physician. During his third year of medical school he joined the Medical Officer Training Corps with the Indiana Air National Guard. Following the conclusion of his degree pro-gram, John completed his three-year resi-dency in Emergency Medicine at the es-teemed Thomas Jefferson University in Phila-delphia. John’s commitment to public service and dedication to his Hoosier home is evident. After finishing his residency in 1987, John re-turned to Indiana and began working in the ER at Community Hospitals in Indianapolis and has continued to work as an Attending Emergency Room Physician, where he has served thousands of Hoosiers. In addition to his civilian medical career, John is a deco-rated Iraq War Veteran. He served for more than three decades with an aeronautical rating of Chief flight surgeon and has logged over 600 hours of flight time in many aircrafts, including the F–16 and F–4 fighters. He was the Chief of Emergency Serv-ices at the 332nd Expeditionary Medical Group, Joint Base at Balad, which was the busiest trauma center in Iraq in 2008–2009. He was the Assistant to the Surgeon General for U.S. Air Forces in Europe and he has been deployed extensively around the world with operational tours in Turkey, Jordan, Bahrain and Germany. John is also the Chief of Staff for the nearly 2,000 members of the Indiana Air National Guard, where he serves as an ad-visor to the Adjutant General on matters per-taining to the 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne, the 207th Weather Flight in Indianap-olis, the Air-to-Ground Gunnery Ranges at Atterbury, Jefferson Proving Grounds, and the 181st Intelligence Wing in Terre Haute. With the 181st he served as the Medical Group Commander, Chief of Flight Medicine, Flight Surgeon, and Hospital Administrator. During his tenure as commander, the unit received ‘‘Excellent’’ ratings on their Health Services In-spections in 1993, 1997, 2001, and 2005. They also won the Theodore Marrs Award, the highest Air National Guard Medical Award, in 1997 and 2006. Additionally, they also re-ceived the prestigious Schaeffer Trophy in 2006 for the best medical unit in all of the re-serve components. John has received many awards and deco-rations during his time in the National Guard and his active duty. Those awards include the Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal (with 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), the Air Force Commendation Medal, the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award (with 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), the Air Force Organizational Ex-cellence Award, the National Defense Service Medal (with 1 Bronze Service Star), the Iraq Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terror Service Medal, the Air Force Expeditionary Service Ribbon (with Gold Frame), the Air Force Longevity Service Award Ribbon (with 4 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), the Armed Forces Reserve Medal (with M Device and Numeral 2), the Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Rib-bon, and the Air Force Training Ribbon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.036 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1443 November 14, 2016 
John has also given his time and talent to a number of boards and advisory roles. He served as a healthcare policy advisor for Gov-ernor Mitch Daniels’ campaign and was a part of the Indiana State Department of Health Transition Team for the then-incoming Gov-ernor Daniels. John also sat on the Marion County Forensic Science Commission, the board of the Indiana Donor Network, the board for Community Hospitals of Indiana, was for-merly the President of the Indiana Leadership Forum, was previously President of the Indian-apolis Medical Society, and is currently an Ex Officio Board Member of the American College of Emergency Physicians, presently the Vice President for the Indiana Medical Licensing Board, and is now the President of the Indiana State Medical Association (ISMA) and served as their Speaker before his selection as Presi-dent. Additionally he is a member of the Asso-ciation of Military Surgeons of the United States, the Aerospace Medical Association, the Alliance of Air National Guard Flight Sur-geons, the National Guard Association of the United States, and the National Guard Asso-ciation of Indiana. He was also twice elected as Coroner of Marion County where he imple-mented cost saving measures and overhauled the office to be a more efficient and effective government service for the constituents of the city of Indianapolis. John has served our com-munity and our country in a local, national, and international capacity. John has devoted himself to a life of serv-ice, whether in the Emergency Room, on the battlefield, or as a public official. I am ex-tremely grateful for all his hard work. And on behalf of all Hoosiers and all Americans, I’d like to congratulate John on his remarkable military career and extend a huge thank you for all of the wonderful contributions he has made to our community, our state, and our na-tion I wish the very best to my friend John, his wife Karen, daughter Ava and the rest of the McGoff family as he enjoys a well-deserved retirement from the Indiana Air National Guard. 
f 
HONORING MRS. DIANE GLASSER ON HER RETIREMENT FROM THE TAMARAC CITY COMMISSION 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my very dear friend, Mrs. Diane Glasser, Vice Mayor of the City of Tamarac, Florida, and an active member of the King’s Point Community. Diane recently announced her retirement from the Tamarac City Commis-sion, the end of a more than 40-year career serving her community. Originally from Mill Basin in Brooklyn, Diane went to college and high school in New York. In 1973, Diane and her husband moved to the City of Tamarac. There, she worked for twelve years in the construction industry. Throughout her long career, Diane became a powerhouse in Broward County politics. She began as a volunteer, tirelessly dedicating her time and effort to the Broward County Demo-cratic Party. She was also elected to the Democratic National Convention as a Dele-gate to the last six Democratic National Con-ventions. Diane is a ‘‘graduate’’ of the Elec-toral College; she cast a vote on Florida’s be-half for Former President Bill Clinton in the Electoral College in 1996; and then for Former Vice President Al Gore in the highly-contested 2000 election. In 2004, the Florida Democratic Party appointed Diane as their First Vice Chair. She has served on a number of advi-sory boards, including the Broward County Human Rights Board and the Broward County School Board’s Senior Citizens Involvements Task Force, and since 2008, brought her tre-mendous energy to local politics as a member of the Tamarac City Commission. Mr. Speaker, I cannot thank Diane enough for everything that she has done for not only Florida, but for the Democratic Party. She is truly a remarkable individual, who I have had the privilege to call my dear friend for so many years, and for that I am so grateful. I am so pleased to honor Diane, and wish her a won-derful and restful retirement. f 
IN HONOR OF PASTOR DANIEL SIMMONS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my sincerest congratulations to Pastor Daniel Simmons, leader of my church home, Mount Zion Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia. Pastor Simmons celebrated 25 years of outstanding ministry to Mount Zion Baptist Church on Sunday, Octo-ber 9, 2016. A native of Cairo, Georgia, Daniel Simmons was born to Mrs. Pinkie Norwood Simmons and the late Reverend Perry Simmons, Sr. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology from Albany State College (now University) in 1977. He went on to earn a Master of Arts de-gree in Counseling from the University of Georgia in 1985 and a Doctorate of Ministry from Bethany Theological Seminary in Dothan, Alabama in 1991. Pastor Simmons worked as a Rehabilitation Counselor with the Georgia Department of Rehabilitation Services for sev-enteen years. He also worked as a Commu-nity Development Specialist. Pastor Simmons began preaching the Gos-pel of Jesus Christ in June 1984. He pastored Mountain Grove Baptist Church in Dawson, Georgia and Pleasant Grove Baptist Church in Shingler, Georgia. In 1991, the Lord called him to lead Mount Zion Baptist Church. In his 25 years of leadership, Mount Zion has ex-panded its ministry services, increased its membership tremendously to the point where a second worship service was added, and moved into its new state-of-the-art facility on 109 acres of land at 901 South Westover Bou-levard in 2010. But most importantly, Pastor Simmons has led Mount Zion Baptist Church to become a pillar in the community, known for ministering to those in need. Pastor Simmons welcomes anyone and everyone into the church and its members make it their duty to ensure that every soul is taken care of and prayed over. With a congregation of over 3,000 members and 54 ministries, including radio, television, and live-streaming, Mount Zion is truly ‘‘reach-ing the world for Christ through evangelism, discipleship, fellowship, and missions.’’ Mount Zion Baptist Church celebrated an-other happy occasion—its 151st anniversary. The church was founded in 1865, the same year that the Thirteenth Amendment abol-ishing slavery was passed by Congress and ratified by the States. Nearly a century later, many of the rallies during the Albany phase of the Civil Rights Movement were held at Mount Zion. To commemorate those struggles, the church donated the building to the Albany Civil Rights Museum which is currently housed there. Mount Zion has seen many ups and downs but God’s will and our members’ perse-verance have shaped it into the expansive and successful place of worship it is today. Jeremiah 3:15 says, ‘‘Then I will give you shepherds after my own heart, who will lead you with knowledge and understanding.’’ Pas-tor Daniel Simmons is one such shepherd and a man of integrity who exudes the genuine principles and values of Christian discipleship. Over the 20 years I have been a member of the church, I am proud to call Mount Zion my church home and Pastor Daniel Simmons my pastor. As an ordained Deacon and Trustee, I have personally witnessed the unshakeable faith Pastor Simmons has for the Lord and the profound exegesis he conveys in his sermons. My wife Vivian and I are grateful that we can always count on Pastor Simmons’ wise coun-sel and sage advice. Pastor Simmons has achieved many things in his life but none of this would have been possible without the love and support of his wife and First Lady of the Church, Diane Davis Simmons, and his two children and five grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in thanking Pastor Daniel Simmons for 25 outstanding years of service to Mount Zion Baptist Church and a lifetime of service in the ministry of Jesus Christ. 
f 
IN HONOR OF OLIVIA PARISH 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Olivia Parish, of Calvert, Texas, who celebrated her 100th birthday on October 27, 2016. Ms. Parish was born in Calvert, Texas, to Willie Harris and Pankie Carson-Harris. As a young girl, she developed a passion for help-ing others and would continue her service to others throughout her life. In 1932, she mar-ried Melvin Parish Sr. The two of them were blessed with thirteen children, forty-one grand-children and seventy-four great grandchildren. Ms. Parish has been a faithful member of the New Magnolia Baptist Church and the Bethel Grove Baptist Church. In addition to her devotion to her family and church, Ms. Parish loved working in the yard, especially her flower garden, and won numerous yard of the month awards. At my request, on October 27, a United States flag was flown over the United States Capitol to celebrate and honor Ms. Parish’s 100th birthday. Ms. Parish has led a remarkable life that is grand in accomplishments through her hard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.038 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1444 November 14, 2016 
work and dedication. I join her family, friends, and the community of Calvert in celebrating this momentous occasion. I wish her more years of happiness, fulfillment, and health. Congratulations to Ms. Parish on her cen-tennial birthday milestone. I am honored to represent citizens like her in the 17th District of Texas. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ROTARY CLUB OF SHADY BROOK 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, the Rotary Club’s motto—Service Above Self—is personi-fied by its membership and the causes they support. The Rotary Club of Shady Brook is acknowledged as a major, local contributor over the past 10 years for raising more than $100,000 for worthy causes and donating over 7,500 hours of members’ time. The Rotary Club is further distinguished by a membership with an average age of 75 years, coupled with a lifetime of experience and skills generously shared with many benefactors. The list is end-less and inspiring and includes medical re-search and prevention programs, meal deliv-ery to patients, forums for veterans and their families, time and money to the Guardians of the National Cemetery at Washington Cross-ing, the National Guard, books for libraries, clothing and school supplies for poverty-strick-en children, and participating in Pennsylva-nia’s Adopt-a-Highway maintenance program. Heartiest congratulations on the 10th anniver-sary of the Rotary Club of Shady Brook, and thank you to the founders and members for outstanding contributions to our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAPT. WILL CANNON AND CAPT. JONATHAN MAULDEN 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Capt. Will Cannon and Capt. Jona-than Maulden of Cabarrus County EMS who took home the top prize at the 2016 Carolina’s Paramedic Competition in Greenville, SC on October 15, 2016. The duo of Cannon and Maulden faced eleven other teams from North Carolina and South Carolina as they com-peted in two medical emergency scenarios. Established in 1997, the Carolina Competi-tion pits the best of the best EMS teams against each other as they showcase their ability to respond to complex scenarios. As the competition has grown, the teams have gotten stronger and the competition has been recog-nized as the gold standard for these types of first responder events. This year’s contest was no exception, making Cannon and Maulden’s victory even more impressive. By winning this year’s competition, Capts. Cannon and Maulden are taking home their second top prize having already won in 2014. This also marks the third occasion when a team from Cabarrus County EMS has won the event. Capt. Cannon and Capt. Maulden have made their department proud and are ex-tremely deserving of this recognition. I am ex-tremely grateful that our community is fortu-nate enough to have such great public serv-ants who truly excel in their fields. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating Capt. Will Cannon and Capt. Jona-than Maulden on winning this impressive dis-tinction and wishing them well as they con-tinue to serve the people of Cabarrus County. f 
RECOGNIZING ST. NICHOLAS GREEK ORTHODOX CATHEDRAL’S CENTENNIAL 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Cathedral and the occasion of their centennial celebra-tion. In 1916, Greek immigrants arriving to the Lehigh Valley integrated themselves into the fabric of American life through employment in many industries, including Bethlehem Steel and other local businesses. At the same time, these early immigrants recognized a need to preserve their religion, language, and cus-toms. Accordingly, they purchased the former St. Joseph’s Episcopal Church in Bethlehem and established their own church. By the 1930s, their community was growing, and fam-ilies began to settle permanently in the area. While World War II disrupted the lives of many families within the congregation, its young members returned home upon its reso-lution to enter the workforce in professions such as teachers, engineers, doctors, lawyers, or within their family businesses. Due to this successful growth, the community realized that it would need a larger place of worship to ac-commodate their expanding families. In 1962, St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Ca-thedral moved to its new location at 1607 West Union Boulevard in Bethlehem where it remains to this day. With this move, the con-gregation also constructed a new school and auditorium. Continued growth through the 1990s necessitated the hiring of a second full time priest to meet the needs of their mem-bers. Today, St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Ca-thedral continues to embrace the surrounding community through Greek food festivals, pic-nics, and other exciting events. As St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Cathedral reflects upon its impressive accomplishments of the last century, I wish them all the best as they look forward to serving their community in the years to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH AN-NIVERSARY OF RELLES FLORIST 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Relles Florist, which has served the Sacramento region for the past 70 years. As family and friends gather to celebrate its 70th anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Relles Florist’s contributions to the Sacramento community. In 1946, Ross and Margaret Relles created a family business that quickly became a Sac-ramento icon and a cornerstone of the Sac-ramento business community. As anyone who has shopped there knows, Relles is legendary for creating beautiful floral arrangements that are, quite simply, works of art. Its flowers have helped mark major life events for generations of Sacramentans. The business’s success is a testament to the quality of its flowers, the in-dustriousness of its employees, and the dedi-cation the Relles family has to its craft. Relles is also an important fixture in Sac-ramento’s local community. The President of Relles Florist, Jim Relles, lends his skills and expertise to numerous boards and community organizations. Jim’s community service in-cludes stints on the Board of Directors of the Sacramento Rotary Club and of the California State University, Sacramento Alumni Associa-tion. Jim was also President of the California State Floral Association and President of the Sacramento Host Lions Club. His leadership is a big reason why Relles Florist has enjoyed so much success. As a family-owned business, Relles Florist knows first-hand the importance of family and community in achieving commercial prosperity. Mr. Speaker, as the Relles family celebrates seventy years of accomplishments and con-tributions to our Sacramento community, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,805,366,357,023.77. We’ve added $9,178,489,308,110.69 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately I missed a vote during a vote series on September 28, 2016. Had my vote been recorded for Roll Call 572, final passage on H.R. 5303, the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, I would have voted YES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.041 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1445 November 14, 2016 
CELEBRATING THE 25TH PAS-TORAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE FAITH CENTER MINISTRIES 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate The Faith Center Min-istries as they celebrate their 25th anniversary. In 1985, the Fernandez family began a jour-ney of faith that directed them to South Flor-ida. Six years later in 1991, Pastors Henry and Carol Fernandez founded the Plantation Worship Center, later to be named The Faith Center Ministries. They began with 11 mem-bers in a school cafeteria, now they host over 10,000 members in the former Sunrise Musi-cal Theater. For 25 years, The Faith Center Ministries have empowered people to live a lifestyle of faith everyday. The church is dedicated to reaching the world of Jesus Christ by empow-ering the teachings of faith, hope, salvation and the proclamation that Jesus Christ is Lord, the Son of God the Father, and the Head of the church. The Faith Center Ministries operates numer-ous social enterprises in order to train leaders, help believers discover their true purpose, and develop individual potential through spiritual maturity. To accomplish this, The Faith Center Ministries, under the leadership of Henry and Carol Fernandez, hosts bible studies, con-ferences, seminars, trainings, and educational development at the University of Fort Lauder-dale and the Henry B. Fernandez Institute for Biblical Studies. The Faith Center Ministries provides a place where the hurting, de-pressed, frustrated, and confused can find love, acceptance, help, hope, forgiveness, guidance and encouragement. Mr. Speaker, I want offer my most sincere congratulations and heartfelt gratitude to The Faith Center Ministries Pastors Henry and Carol Fernandez, their staff, and volunteers for all that they do each and every single day for our community. I am truly honored to call them my friends, and be their representative in Con-gress. 
f 
HONORING RICH CURTOLA 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor one of Vallejo’s greatest champions, Rich Curtola, upon his retirement from the Vallejo Chamber of Commerce. A Vallejo native, Mr. Curtola has been a member of the Vallejo Chamber of Commerce since 1975 and is retiring after six years with the Chamber’s leadership, including four as President and CEO. Rich has been instru-mental in our community’s economic recovery following the Great Recession of 2008 and has worked diligently to grow the Chamber’s presence in our community. During his tenure as President and CEO, Rich has improved the Chamber’s community relations, increased membership and secured a permanent home for the Chamber. He also led the Chamber as it took on important community projects such as hosting the annual 4th of July parade. Throughout his lifetime of service to our city, Mr. Curtola has drawn on his unwavering opti-mism in Vallejo’s future to make our commu-nity a better place to live, work, start a busi-ness and raise a family. Mr. Curtola’s legacy is one of unrivaled devotion and knowledge of the city we all love, so much so that the name Curtola has become synonymous with Vallejo. Mr. Speaker, Rich Curtola has dedicated his time and expertise to serving our community and ensuring Vallejo’s economic success. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONORABLE BILL KRISTOFF 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Bill Kristoff as he retires from service on the West Sacramento City Council. As his wife Brenda, family, friends, and col-leagues gather to celebrate his public career, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in hon-oring Mr. Kristoff for almost three decades as a public servant. Mr. Kristoff served two years in the U.S. Army before receiving his Bachelor’s degree at Sacramento State University. He worked for the U.S. Postal Service for almost four dec-ades, retiring in 2002. Mr. Kristoff is the only original sitting member of the West Sac-ramento City Council, first elected in 1987. He also served for single-year terms as mayor in 1990, 1996, and 2001 and served as mayor pro tem in 2010. As a lifelong West Sacramento resident, Mr. Kristoff has contributed to his city in many ways. His top priorities were flood protection, security of West Sacramento’s levees, and the city’s infrastructure generally. Mr. Kristoff rep-resented the city on the West Sacramento Area Flood Control Agency Joint Powers Au-thority and the Regional Water Authority. Dur-ing his tenure on the council, West Sac-ramento underwent notable additions, includ-ing the creation of the Bryte Bend Water Treatment Plant, River Walk Park, Raley Field and the River Cats, the widening of the Harbor Boulevard interchange, the Daniel C. Palamidessi Bridge, the West Sacramento City Hall, and the revitalization of West Capitol Av-enue. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Bill Kristoff as he is celebrated for his service to the City of West Sacramento. I ask all my colleagues to join me in recognizing his out-standing work in providing the West Sac-ramento community with his invaluable serv-ices and contributions and wishing him the best in his retirement. GOING FARVE, GOING DEEP . . . MISSISSIPPI MAGIC SO VERY SWEET HON. REID J. RIBBLE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Brett Favre who was inducted into The NFL’s Hall of Fame this past summer. I include in the R
ECORD this poem penned in his honor by Albert Caswell. 
Going Favre Going deep Mississippi Magic So Very Sweet All in what our hearts choose to seek How high will we reach While, against all odds to slay The Grid Iron God’s and all their records to beat But the greatest of all, is but a World Championship to seek While, in our hearts all our dreams we so keep Because, on those fields of green only the stoutest of all hearts can compete And make it to the Hall of Fame as a dream few of us will ever complete Like the wild wild west, Brett was like a gun slinger at high noon who stood at his best Who upon defenses such havoc would wreak Who drew first and drew fast as touchdowns he’d seek As it was always high noon to defeat, yea your up the creek While, over the NFL such a large shadow casting each week And everyday with his heart of a child and his smile to all hearts would speak As it all began with a football in hand, and his Father’s Love helping his son to map out his future plan. And a mother behind him would stand To build the foundation for all of his dreams, as one day at Lambeau Field he’d proudly wear that Packer green As that number ‘‘4’’ one day would walk through The Hall of Fame’s door Going Farve and Going Deep with his Mis-sissippi Magic, he went farther than all the others before him had reached Brett Favre, a gun slinger standing six foot two a good old boy from the south armed with a cannon who threw Like a country song his life was so true And he could run like a stallion in the open field too Like a river boat gambler he threw with such heat, which made all of those defenses so weep Beating you with his arm, his feet, his heart, brain, and soul so very deep A leader among men who knew not defeat An Iron Man with a 297 consecutive games as that record he’d reach Mr. MVP, Mr. All Pro, from Southern Miss to NFL bliss, bringing his heat one day to rise to the top of the NFL’s list But his love of the game was what really to his heart beseeched But the greatest pass he’d complete, was marring his high school sweetheart Deanna so sweet As a Warrior, and a Fighter a Come Back Kid who in the darkest of games came back even brighter Like Bart he too became a Starr, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.048 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1446 November 14, 2016 
to carry this his Packer Nation far To make them The Super Bowl Champs that they are Going Farve Going Deep armed with his Mississippi Magic which was so hard to beat This Southern Man with his Father’s Love stayed strong to ever compete To the top of the NFL’s game with his ac-tions did speak Brett, welcome to The Hall of Fame where only the greatest of greats history speaks Because Brett upon those fields of green you went Farve every week, as you went deep armed with your Mis-sissippi Magic to compete And Brett, you were the kind of man Lombardi would seek With the heart and soul of a champion and that Mississippi Magic so very sweet. f 
CANDY HOWARD NAMED PRESIDENT-ELECT OF TEPSA 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Candy Howard of Pearland, TX for being named president-elect of the Texas Elementary Principals and Supervisors Asso-ciation (TEPSA). Candy will serve as Region 4 president- elect for TEPSA, representing Pasadena ISD principals. She is currently the principal at South Belt Elementary School and was named Pasadena ISD’s Elementary Principal of the Year in 2016. Throughout her 32 years with the Pasadena ISD, Candy has gone from teacher to assistant principal to becoming prin-cipal in 2009. She continues to inspire and educate her students and staff. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Candy Howard for becoming president-elect of TEPSA. We’re proud to have such a great leader and educator in Pearland. 
f 
TO RECOGNIZE AND PAY TRIBUTE TO DR. TAN SIU LIN FOR HIS GREAT ACHIEVEMENTS AND COMMUNITY SERVICE TO THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and pay tribute to Dr. Tan Siu Lin for his great achievements and community service to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. Dr. Tan Siu Lin is a self-made entrepreneur who was born in Quanzhou in China’s Fujian Province in 1930; In 1972, Dr. Tan moved to Guam with his wife, Lam Pek Kim and their children: Henry, Willie, Jerry, Raymond, Lily and Sunny, and established the family business Luen Thai Corporation, engaged in shipping and trading; In 1982 he moved to Saipan, and set up the island’s first garment factory in 1983. Since then, the garment business became the larg-est private sector employer in the CNMI. In 1991, he formed Tan Holdings Corporation in the CNMI that further grew to become a global business portfolio with staff of more than 45,000 in various diversified companies; He founded within the group of companies, Luen Thai Holdings Ltd. which is listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since July 2004; In 2002, he formed the Tan Siu Lin Founda-tion for his philanthropy works in the CNMI, as he repeatedly reminded his family that ‘‘I want to provide educational and sports opportunities for the underprivileged so they can help them-selves become productive and responsible citi-zens and in turn, they can then help others who need help as I hope the good deed can be passed on so that the community will ben-efit.’’ Dr. Tan with his noble commitment to up-lift the quality of life in the CNMI and through his foundation, kindly contributed to the CNMI, its people, its community and its businesses with generous sponsorships and donations for school improvements, scholarships, sports ac-tivities and tournaments, cultural events, youth development programs, social welfare, and re-lief work; Please join me as I recognize and pay trib-ute to the great achievements and community service of Dr. Tan Siu Lin. Un Dangkulo Na Si Yu’us Manse Dr. Tan for your exceptional commitment to the Northern Marianas and the Micronesia Region. f 
RECOGNIZING CHRIS JOHNSON AS THE HURLBURT AIR FORCE AS-SOCIATION CHAPTER 398 MIDDLE SCHOOL TEACHER OF THE YEAR 2016 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize Mr. Chris Johnson as the Hurlburt Air Force Association (AFA) Chapter 398 Middle School Teacher of the Year for 2016. Mr. Johnson was selected for all that he does to motivate and inspire his students to learn more about science, tech-nology, engineering, art, and math (STEAM) education; I am pleased to honor his out-standing educational achievements. As an educator at Sims Middle School, Mr. Johnson strives to make lasting impressions on his students. During his three years at Sims Middle, he has created an innovative learning environment that captivates his stu-dents, motivating them to learn, build, test, and rebuild projects as they utilize the sci-entific method to meet their goals. These im-portant life lessons allow his students to un-derstand and put into practice key concepts for their continued success. His dedicated service to shaping the minds of our Nation’s youth is invaluable. In order to foster an innovative learning ex-perience, Mr. Johnson provides his students with loose parameters for their experiments, forcing them to think outside the box to solve the problem at hand. His classroom is known throughout Sims Middle school for being excit-ing and engaging. He guides his students through interactive science experiments that reinforce educational concepts and deepen their curiosity to learn. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States House of Representatives I am pleased to congratulate Mr. Johnson on this well-earned achievement, and I thank him for his commit-ment to service and dedication to the North-west Florida community. My wife Vicki joins me in wishing Mr. Johnson all the best for continued success. f 
ALL WE HOLD DEAR: IN HONOR OF VETERAN’S DAY AND ALL THE MEN AND WOMEN OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR FAMILIES 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of all of the men and women of The Armed Forces and their families who have served and serve this day, with a poetic tribute by Albert Carey Caswell. 
All we hold dear On this day to all hearts beckons here In this home of the brave and land of the free so very clear The most blessed gift of freedom that we all so endear Letting us live our lives in peace so all with-out fear While, they stand on that wall While, they answer the call Marching out into harm’s way standing tall As we stand back in awe Living and dying for us one and all And all they hold dear When, in hearts of gold such brilliance ap-pears Kneeling next to a Fallen Brother or Sister In Arms as comes the tears As half a world away a child in the still of the night cries out in tears As they give all for all of us here and all they hold dear When such magnificence appears Are the ones who come home with such heartache they own With the scars of war which will not leave them alone Stand without arms and legs all in a PTS haze Thank them today while out on your way Take the time to thank them of all you hold dear Bought and paid for by all of them so here And their service to our Nation which brings the angels to tears For all we hold dear Say prayer, give thanks, and shed a tear to The Armed Forces and their families here For all you hold dear On this Veteran’s Day here. f 
HONORING CHOCO GONZALEZ MEZA 
HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Choco 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.051 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1447 November 14, 2016 
Gonzalez Meza, a beloved mother, grand-mother, and friend who changed the face of Texas politics. Choco was a fierce champion for women in public service and a force in the Texas Democratic Party. Her recent passing is a tremendous loss not only for her family, but for so many throughout Texas and the nation whose lives she touched. Born in Coahuila, Mexico, Choco and her family immigrated to the United States when she was just three years old and settled in Eagle Pass, Texas. She came to San Antonio when she attended St. Mary’s University. Choco began effecting meaningful change as a student, when she and my mother, Rosie, helped draft the 10–1 single member district plan adopted in 1977. The skill and initiative she showed led to her being recruited by the Southwest Voter Registration Education Project, where she helped disenfranchised mi-norities exercise their right to vote. Throughout her career, Choco sought to empower others. As Executive Director of the YWCA, she steered women and girls towards success. She elevated the national conversa-tion around poverty as Executive Director of Partnership for Hope. And she pushed to re-form public housing and reduce homelessness when she joined her friend Henry G. Cisneros at the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Intergovernmental Relations and the Liaison to the White House in the Clinton Administration. She continued that work when she returned to San Antonio and became Senior Vice Presi-dent at the San Antonio Housing Authority. Later, Choco served as President of American Sunrise, a nonprofit that provides educational and economic opportunities for children and families. She founded her own consulting firm, and in 2011, President Barack Obama ap-pointed her to serve as a Commissioner to The Commission on Presidential Scholars. Choco’s unparalleled passion for organizing made her an invaluable asset to the Demo-cratic Party. She served on the Democratic National Committee, was chief of staff for Dis-trict 5 Councilwoman Shirley Gonzalez, and was elected Bexar County Democratic Chair. Most recently, Choco led Hillary Clinton’s cam-paign operations in San Antonio. In all her po-litical work, Choco tirelessly fought for social justice and strove to create opportunity for marginalized groups. Choco’s spirit lives on through her family— her beloved husband Daniel, daughter Ivalis, granddaughter Emma, and son Danny, who is a trusted member of my staff. Choco was truly a historic figure in Texas politics and a com-passionate, selfless soul. We mourn her pass-ing and are grateful for all she gave to our community in San Antonio and to our nation’s democracy. 
f 
HONORING MRS. HILDA GIRTMAN PITTS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Hilda Girtman Pitts, a lifelong resi-dent of Boynton Beach, Florida, who passed at the age of 102 on August 20, 2016. Born in 1913, Mrs. Pitts spent her childhood on 2.5 acres of farmland off the Federal Highway near Boynton Beach. At the age of 21, she married Soloman Pitts at the St. Paul A.M.E. Church in the city of Boynton Beach, and built their first home on 12th Avenue in-town. After many years of marriage, Mrs. Pitts had eight children, nine grandchildren, as well as many great-grand-children and great-great grandchildren. Mrs. Pitts became a ‘‘Gold Star Mother’’ when her son, Cleveland Pitts, made the ultimate sac-rifice in the Vietnam War. Mrs. Pitts was also an entrepreneur. She opened an antique store, known as ‘‘Mrs. Hilda’s,’’ which sold American-made, handcrafted furniture and home goods. The antique store stands to this day on East Ocean Avenue in Boynton Beach as a memo-rial to Mrs. Pitts’ legacy. Throughout her life, Mrs. Pitts has been a very religious woman and was heavily in-volved in the church community in Boynton Beach. She attended the African Methodist Episcopal Church from an early age. She fol-lowed her children to the New Christian Life Church in 1984, where she became a dynamic and regular churchgoer. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Hilda Girtman Pitts will be remembered through her family, her friends, and all the many people she touched in her 102 years of life. She was truly a shining star of the Boynton Beach community. I am so pleased to honor her life and legacy. She will be dearly missed. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. BRENDA VAUGHN 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Brenda Vaughn of McDowell County, North Carolina. On behalf of the peo-ple of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Mrs. Vaughn for over 35 years of serv-ice to our communities and congratulate her on her retirement this year. Brenda Vaughn began her service with the McDowell County Sheriff’s Department in 1980 as a dispatcher. She then served as cook at the Sheriff Jail Kitchen until she became a Jailer in October of 1998. After two years in that role, she became an Administrative As-sistant then moved up within the Department to Shift Sergeant and later Assistant Jail Ad-ministrator. In 2013, Mrs. Vaughn was pro-moted to Jail Administrator. Mrs. Vaughn has dutifully served the community in this capacity for the last three years. Outside of work, Mrs. Vaughn continues to be an active member of many community or-ganizations. She is a member of Nealsville Church of God in Glenwood, where she is part of the Ladies Auxiliary. She is also a leader outside of her church, serving as treasurer for the Charles W. Queen Fraternal Order of Po-lice Lodge 84 in McDowell County; as Presi-dent of the McDowell County Republican Women’s Club; and as the Secretary of the McDowell County Republican Party. She and her husband Bobby have two sons and three grandchildren. Mrs. Vaughn has earned the respect and friendship of the people of McDowell County through her hard work and wide-ranging in-volvement in her community. For her service to Western North Carolina, I am honored to express to Mrs. Vaughn the gratitude and best wishes of the people of North Carolina on her retirement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF POST 8358 ON ITS 70TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Chung Mei Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 8358 as it celebrates its 70th anni-versary. As the members of Post 8358 mark this momentous occasion, I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring them for their long history of service to veterans and the community in Sacramento. Chung Mei Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 8358 was formed on October 19, 1946 by re-turning Chinese-American veterans from Sac-ramento. Due to the prevailing prejudiced atti-tudes of the time, the Chung Mei veterans had no choice but to form their own exclusive VFW Post. Post 8538 is an active and valued mem-ber of the Sacramento community, which I represent. For instance, the Chung Mei Post 8358 proudly sponsors the Sacramento Lion Dance Youth Troupe, which helps foster civic responsibility and keeps the traditions of Asian cultures alive for current and future genera-tions. Post 8538 contributes greatly to the di-versity and multiplicity of cultures in the Sac-ramento region, which is one of the most di-verse in the entire country. Post 8358 members are decorated veterans who participate in local parades, staff commu-nity events, and host several fundraising drives that provide funds for programs that benefit veterans and their families. Several of the founding members of Post 8358 are amongst the many who are celebrating today. Post 8358 continues to promote services for veterans, cultural acceptance, and civic partici-pation in Sacramento. Mr. Speaker, as the members of Post 8358 celebrate its 70th anniversary, I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring them for their service to our country and to the Sacramento area. 
f 
HONORING GEORGE POUMAKIS 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor George Poumakis, a highly-successful entrepreneur and distinguished member of the Greek community in my district. Mr. Poumakis was recently recognized by the Federation of Hellenic American Educators and the Greek Teacher Association of Florida for the being the pioneer and founder of the first Greek immersion charter school in the United States—the Athenian Academy. Today, the Athenian Academy is recognized by the Florida Department of Education as a High Performing School—receiving an ‘‘A’’ grade— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.056 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1448 November 14, 2016 
and is the only school in Pinellas County that teaches two foreign languages (Greek and Spanish) daily to all K–8 students. As a father of four boys, all of whom at-tended public schools, I am very familiar with the link between a robust public education system and our nation’s vitality. Benjamin Franklin once said, ‘‘An investment in knowl-edge pays the best interest.’’ Mr. Poumakis is a valuable community partner and stands as an example of main street solutions to main street challenges. Through the entrepreneurial approach which brought him personal success in the past, Mr. Poumakis managed to build an academy which will contribute to the suc-cess of countless lives in Florida’s Twelfth Congressional District for years to come. I commend the Federation of Hellenic Amer-ican Educators and the Greek Teacher Asso-ciation of Florida for recognizing the contribu-tions of Mr. Poumakis, and I hope every American can learn from and emulate the commitment of this Greek entrepreneur to education. 
f 
KUTZTOWN UNIVERSITY’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Kutztown University on the occasion of its 150th Anniversary. Throughout the past year, Kutztown has celebrated its sesqui-centennial, culminating with Founders’ Day on 15 September 2016. In 1866, the residents of Berks County found a need for school teachers while the na-tion as a whole recovered from the Civil War and sought to prepare itself for a new era. Residents solved their shortage by estab-lishing the Keystone State Normal School. Over time, advancing industries and profes-sions required students to be trained more broadly, with education covering a diverse range of studies. In order to rise to the occa-sion, the school grew in size and sophistica-tion, eventually changing its name to Kutztown State Teacher’s College in 1928, and later be-coming Kutztown State College in 1960. Today, Kutztown, which achieved university status in 1983, is comprised of four colleges, including Business, Education, Liberal Arts and Sciences, and Performing Arts. The uni-versity enrolls approximately 9,000 students from forty states and nations. In addition to providing an outstanding education, Kutztown also offers students the opportunity to partici-pate in vibrant cultural and social events and to compete in athletics at the varsity, club, and intramural levels. It is my honor to congratulate the students, staff, faculty, and over 72,500 Kutztown Alum-ni as they celebrate their 150th Anniversary. May they enjoy continued success in edu-cating the minds of our future leaders and in-tegral members of society. HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF WINE SPECTATOR HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Wine Spectator, which this year celebrates its 40th anniversary and marks four decades of success and dedication to excellence. Wine Spectator was first published by Bob Morissey in 1976 as a tabloid newspaper to educate and entertain wine consumers. Marvin R. Shanken, a publisher and wine aficionado, saw great potential in the publication and, at Morrisey’s request, acquired it in 1979. Mr. Shanken and Executive Editor Thomas Mat-thews have since transformed Wine Spectator into an institution that informs and connects our international wine community. Wine Spectator editors provide authoritative buying advice, reviewing nearly 20,000 wines each year in independent blind tastings. The magazine puts wine in context, profiling vint-ners and regions, analyzing vintages and mar-ket trends as well as offering travel and dining guides. Wine Spectator has received critical acclaim for its excellent work informing wine consumers. It has been named a finalist in the National Magazine Awards Special Interest category and a top 5 best consumer maga-zines. Today, Wine Spectator is the most widely read wine publication in the world with a circulation of 400,000 and a global reader-ship of 3.5 million people. Since 1981, Wine Spectator has also hosted the Wine Experience, a weekend of tastings and seminars which concludes with a Grand Award Banquet honoring top restaurants in 50 states and 70 countries on their excellent wine lists. The event funds the Wine Spectator Scholarship Foundation, which has raised more than $20 million to support organizations that invest in the future of our wine community including the University of California at Davis, Sonoma State University, the Culinary Institute of America, and the Chaplin School of Hospi-tality and tourism Management at Florida International University. Since 1982, Wine Spectator has also honored 34 individuals with its Distinguished Service Award for their con-tributions to our wine community. Mr. Speaker, this American institution has been a trusted source for wine consumers for 40 years by maintaining its commitment to in-tegrity and expertise. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor Wine Spectator and its visionary leader, Marvin R. Shanken, here today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BRIE OAKLEY 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brie Oakley for her first place finish in the Colorado 5A Girls’ State Championship Cross Country Meet on October 29th, 2016. She has shown dedication and excellence throughout her cross country career, which has brought her to the pinnacle of high school athletics, a state champion. A Grandview High School Huskies senior, Oakley finished with a time of 17 minutes and 7.83 seconds, smashing the course record at the Norris Penrose Equestrian Center in Colo-rado Springs by over a minute. I am proud to report that Oakley has become the first girls cross country state champion from Grandview High School. I would also like to congratulate Grandview coach Allyson Robbins and the teachers and staff of Grandview High School, whom have made Oakley’s success possible. Their mentorship and guidance played an important role in her ability to succeed at the highest level of high school athletics. I am proud to congratulate Brie Oakley on her hard earned state championship and for being a positive role model for other students in Colorado’s 6th congressional district. f 
HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF BRYAN 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 150th anniversary of the First Bap-tist Church of Bryan, Texas. Since its founding on November 18, 1866, thousands of families have called First Baptist Bryan home. During the early years of the church, serv-ices were held in an abandoned saloon under the leadership of Rev. William Bartlett Eaves. The church would begin to grow larger and in 1883 a frame building was erected as a per-manent place of worship. As the congregation continued to grow, bigger facilities were built to meet the needs of the church family for the next century. The church would also begin to expand its mission and focus on preaching the Gospel to the students of Texas A&M Univer-sity. A strong bond was created between the church and the student community that still stands today. As more families and students joined the church, the importance of Sunday School began to emerge. Pastor John Held began to spread the teaching ministry beyond the church walls by organizing a successful Christ-focused men’s Bible Study. Throughout the years, the church family has never lost sight of its commitment to fellow-ship, discipleship, worship, ministry, and evan-gelism. Since its beginning, the church has been involved in numerous mission activities with the Southern Baptist Convention, the Baptist General Convention of Texas, and the Creath Brazos Baptist Association. They have sent missions all across the world including Estonia, Australia, Germany, Zambia, Kenya, and Ghana. First Baptist Bryan has played an important role in planting numerous other churches throughout the area. They have also helped plant the Yurigaoka Baptist Church in Tokyo, Japan. The success of First Baptist Bryan can be attributed to the outstanding leadership from its Pastors. Since its establishment, 24 Pas-tors have led the church in worship and growth, each bringing different gifts and abili-ties to the church family. All of them brought a strong commitment to stewardship, mission, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.060 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1449 November 14, 2016 
and leadership to the community. Because of these leaders, the families and students in the Brazos Valley continue to have a place to wor-ship the Lord. Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemo-rating First Baptist Bryan and its congregation on their 150th anniversary. Before I close, I ask that all Americans con-tinue to pray for our country during these dif-ficult times and for the military men and women and first responders who protect her. God bless the American people, and God bless the congregation of First Baptist Bryan. 
f 
SUGAR LAND SIBLINGS MEDALED AT THE AAU JUNIOR OLYMPICS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sugar Land siblings Octavia and DeMario Gee for winning five medals at the Amateur Athletic Union Junior Olympics. Octavia competed for the Houston Sonics Track Club and won gold in turbo javelin, shot put and triathlon. In the 10 Girls Turbo Javelin she tossed an incredible national record of 86 feet, 8 inches. Her brother DeMario placed fourth in the 11-year-old boy’s javelin, with a throw of 110 feet, 6 inches. DeMario was also recently chosen to play for the USA Baseball 12U national team trials. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Octavia and DeMario Gee in their success at the AAU Junior Olympics. We are so proud of such a talented family. Keep up the great work. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ERIN COSKY AS THE AIR FORCE ASSOCIATION CHAP-TER 398 HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER OF THE YEAR FOR 2016 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize Ms. Erin Cosky as the Air Force Association (AFA) Chapter 398 High School Teacher of the Year for 2016. Ms. Cosky was selected for her dedicated efforts fostering her students’ interests and education in science, technology, engineering, art, and math (STEAM) education; I am pleased to honor her outstanding achievements. Teachers are amongst our most valuable public servants as they are responsible for educating the future of our country, and Ms. Cosky’s selection as Teacher of the Year is evidence of assiduous work ethic and unwav-ering dedication to her students. As an earth, space science, and biology educator at Gulf Breeze High School, Ms. Cosky’s energy and enthusiasm radiates from her classroom, in-spiring her students to learn and volunteer in STEAM related areas. One of the best ways to solidify a lesson is for the student to teach someone else, and Ms. Cosky builds on the STEAM curriculum by coordinating events where high school stu-dents teach kindergarten, first, and second graders interesting science. As a club sponsor of the Science National Honors Society, she also facilitates volunteer programs with MESS Hall, Navarre Beach marine Science Station, Gulf Breeze and Holley-Navarre Intermediate Science Nights, and tutoring programs throughout the science community in North-west Florida. Ms. Cosky’s tireless and dedicated efforts to educate our Nation’s youth does not stop at her classroom in Gulf Breeze High School. Once a month, Ms. Cosky teaches important STEAM foundational skills to kindergarten and 2nd grade students at West Navarre Primary School. She truly understands the value of math and sciences and sparks her students’ interest early in their education with hopes of continuing a lifelong passion. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate Ms. Cosky on this well-earned achievement, and I thank her for her commitment to service and dedication to the Northwest Florida com-munity. My wife Vicki joins me in wishing Ms. Cosky all the best for continued success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 60TH AN-NIVERSARY OF LEGAL SERVICES OF NORTHERN CALIFORNIA 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 60th Anniversary of Legal Serv-ices of Northern California, a non-profit legal aid organization. As staff, supporters and cli-ents gather to celebrate this tremendous mile-stone, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their outstanding dedication to pro-viding quality legal assistance to underserved populations within Northern California. For six decades, exceptional attorneys have provided pro bono legal aid to many people in our community who would not otherwise have been able to access professional legal assist-ance. The first Legal Services of Northern California office was established in 1956 in Sacramento County. Legal Services of North-ern California has now expanded to eight of-fices serving 23 Northern California counties. Each office provides crucial access to quality and sophisticated legal services to low-income populations. Legal Services of Northern California gives a voice, as well as affirmation and protection of legal rights, to my district’s most vulnerable populations. Because of the hard work and dedication of the Legal Services staff and vol-unteers, over 600,000 people have received pro bono legal assistance in crucial areas such as housing, health care, and civil rights. Legal Services of Northern California’s sixty year commitment to empowering and seeking justice for the underserved has been nothing short of exemplary. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to pay trib-ute to Legal Services of Northern California. As they gather to celebrate their 60th anniver-sary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in hon-oring Legal Services of Northern California for their invaluable services to the Greater Sac-ramento Community and Northern California. IN MEMORY OF COLONEL WALTER FRANKLIN GOING, JR. HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on October 2, 2016, South Carolinians gave deserved tribute to an American Hero, Bucky Going. Colonel Going served with dis-tinction at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, and the follow-up for the Normandy Invasion of June 6, 1944. His heroic actions during the Battle of the Bulge earned him a Bronze Star. Remarkably, he survived not only the Japa-nese attack of 1941 but also the German counter-attack of 1944. Reverend L. Craig Wilkes of the First Presbyterian Church of Co-lumbia conducted a loving service at historic Elmwood Cemetery of Columbia. The fol-lowing obituary was published in The State on September 30, 2016: 
COLUMBIA .—Graveside funeral services for Walter Franklin ‘‘Buck’’ Going, Jr. will take place on Sunday, October 2, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. at Elmwood Cemetery in Columbia, SC. He passed away Wednesday, September 28, 2016 after a brief illness. He was born in Colum-bia, SC on December 25, 1919 and was the son of Walter F. Going, Sr. and Allie Mack Going. He graduated from Columbia High School where he was a member of the foot-ball team. He graduated from The Citadel in June of 1941 and commissioned a 2nd Lieu-tenant in the United States Army. He was stationed at Scofield Barracks in Hawaii and was at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. He was transferred back to the United States and was reassigned to the European Theatre of Operations. He was part of the follow on forces during the Normandy Invasion. He was then assigned to the Third Army com-manded by General George S. Patton and fought in the Battle of the Bulge and was awarded a Bronze Star. After World War II, he entered the School of Law at the Univer-sity of South Carolina where he met and married the love of his life, Eleanor Toole. They formed the law firm of Going and Going, Attorneys and practiced law together for forty years. He remained in the U.S. Army Reserve and became commanding offi-cer of the 360th Civil Affairs Unit. He retired from the Army in 1971 with the rank of full Colonel. He was a member of the Veterans of the Battle of the Bulge, The Pearl Harbor Sur-vivors Association and the American Legion. He was also active in the Lions Club and was a member of the South Carolina Bar and the Richland County Bar. He is survived by daughters, Jacquelyn A. Going and Mary Going McIntosh (David); granddaughter, Eleanor Carmen ‘‘Carrie’’ McIntosh; sister, Ethel Going DuBose, as well as a number of nieces and nephews. He was predeceased by his wife, Eleanor Toole Going and sister, Jacquelin Maxwell Gambrell. The family will receive friends in the Atri-um of First Presbyterian Church in Colum-bia following graveside services. Memorials may be made to The Citadel, 171 Moultrie St., Charleston, SC 29409 or to First Presbyterian Church, 1324 Marion St., Co-lumbia, SC 29201. Elmwood Funeral Home is assisting the family with arrangements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.064 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1450 November 14, 2016 
CONGRATULATING THE CHEROKEE TRAIL COUGARS 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Cherokee Trail Cougars var-sity softball team on their thrilling 5A state championship win over the Broomfield Eagles. The Cougars won the first ever state softball championship thanks, in part, to senior Chloe Knapp. Her walk off grand slam, the day be-fore in the semi-finals, put them in the cham-pionship game, and her 8th inning homerun was the only run scored in the championship game. I would also like to congratulate seniors Emily Bell, Skylar Higens, Sonoma Olson and Audrey Pickett, who helped propel the Cou-gars to a 20–3 season record. Special thanks to Coach Caley Mitchell and the teachers of Cherokee Trail high school who made this year’s success possible. Regardless of any team’s inherent talent and ability, no team can achieve success without the support of the community around them. This was a hard fought battle between two great schools. I am so proud of the Cherokee Trail Cougars varsity softball team for being a positive role model for other high schools in the Sixth District of Colorado. Congratulations on a stellar season. 
f 
HONORING JOHN AND TERRI BALLETTO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John and Terri Balletto, who were honored by the Santa Rosa Junior College Foundation Ag Trust in Santa Rosa, California on November 5th for their decades of service to our winegrowing and farming community. John and Terri have dedicated their lives to our agricultural community in Sonoma County and have been strong supporters of Santa Rosa Junior College. John stepped in as the College Ag Trust chair following Warren Dutton’s passing in 2001. He then helped raise over $1 million to build the Dutton Pavil-ion in honor of Warren’s immense contribu-tions to the College and our community. Terri has also made significant contributions to Santa Rosa Junior College, offering her sup-port and running Public Relations for many successful Ag Trust events. In addition to their work with the college, the Balletto family has been active in our agricul-tural community. John served two terms as the Sonoma County Winegrape Commission Chair, and he will be joining the California As-sociation of Winegrape Growers Board in 2017. Terri and John’s family vineyard, which they run with their two daughters, produces winegrapes on over 600 acres. Their leader-ship in the agricultural community has been recognized numerous times, winning them a variety of honors ranging from Sonoma Coun-ty Winegrape Commission’s Excellence in Viti-culture to Sonoma County Farm Bureau’s Farm Family of the Year. Amid their many important responsibilities, Terri and John still find the time to give back to our community. Terri is the Director, Sec-retary, and Executive Board member for the 4–H Foundation of Sonoma County, and she serves on the Sonoma County Fair Founda-tion committee. Additionally, John and Terri have both served as directors and presidents of the Sonoma County Harvest Fair. Mr. Speaker, John and Terri Balletto have enriched Sonoma County through their un-matched commitment to serving Santa Rosa Junior College and our agricultural commu-nity’s needs. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor them here today. f 
IN HONOR OF WILLIAM MURRAY, JR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to pay trib-ute to an outstanding public servant, attorney, and friend, William Johnathan Murray, Jr. Sadly, William Murray passed away on Satur-day, October 22, 2016. Funeral services were held on Sunday, October 30, 2016 at 3:00 p.m. at First Baptist Church in Americus, Georgia. William Murray, Jr. was born on March 23, 1946 in Americus, Georgia. A lifelong follower of Christ, Bill was baptized at twelve years old at First Baptist Church of Americus. More re-cently, he worshipped at Calvary Episcopal Church of Americus, St. John’s Anglican Church of Americus, and Maranatha Baptist Church in Plains, Georgia. From a young age, Bill was eager to serve others. During his time at Americus High School, he was Student Council Vice Presi-dent his junior year and Student Council Presi-dent his senior year. In 1968, he graduated from the University of Georgia with a bach-elor’s degree in history. He then attended the University of Georgia School of Law and grad-uated in 1971. During his time at UGA, he was a member of Blue Key, an honor society recognizing men and women of great char-acter who have achieved distinction for service and leadership. He also was a member of the Omicron Delta Kappa Honor Society and served in leadership positions for various stu-dent organizations. During law school, he was on the Moot Court Team and won the Best Oralist award in the 1970 Law Day Competi-tion. In addition to his numerous contributions at UGA, he established New College Press while still in college. New College Press published three books, one of which was written by Bill himself and was entitled ‘‘A Boy’s Dream.’’ Later on, more books by various authors were published by William Murray Publishers. Following the completion of his law degree, Bill returned home to Americus to begin his law career and his public service. He served on the Americus City Council from 1975–1977 and was elected as a state representative in the Georgia General Assembly from 1977– 1981. During this time, he introduced legisla-tion that promoted manufacturing in Sumter County, officially designated the Andersonville Trail, and provided funding for University of Georgia projects. Bill also served as City At-torney for Plains, Georgia. In 1980, he married the love of his life, San-dra Merritt Deal. They had two children, Brian and Summer. Bill and Sandra worked together in his law practice and served their clients all over the state of Georgia. They later founded the Sumter Free Press, a newspaper relaying news, editorials, and local history to the resi-dents of Americus. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘No individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ We are all so blessed that William Murray passed this way and during his life’s journey did so much for so many for so long. He leaves behind a great legacy in public service to the countless residents of Sumter County whose lives he touched and bright-ened. His impression on this earth extends be-yond himself to the very wellbeing of Sumter County, and for it he will be remembered by the community for time to come. Mr. Murray is survived by his daughter, Jes-sica Summer Murray and two grandsons, Noah Johnathan Deal and William Brian Deal of Americus, as well as his sister, Gena Mur-ray Moorhead, and many other cousins, nieces, and nephews. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the more than 730,000 people of Georgia’s Second Congres-sional District, in honoring William Murray, Jr. for his dedicated service to the people of Sumter County and the state of Georgia. We extend our deepest sympathies to William Murray’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time and pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
JAELYNN WALLS AWARDED DA-VIDSON FELLOWS SCHOLARSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jaelynn Walls of Pearland, TX for earning a Davidson Fellows Scholarship. The Davidson Institute of Talent Develop-ment awarded Jaelynn a $25,000 Davidson Fellows Scholarship for her project, Humanity On-Screen: Engendering Positive Self-Percep-tion and Political Activism in Persons with Marginalized Identities. Only 20 students across the country earned this prestigious scholarship. Jaelynn’s project was inspired by her desire to present characters of marginalized racial or cultural backgrounds painted in a positive light due to her inability to identify with protagonists in literature grow-ing up. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jaelynn Walls for earning a Davidson Fel-lows Scholarship. We are extremely proud of her and wish her luck in her future studies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.069 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1451 November 14, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO JASPER COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Jasper County, Indiana, as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Tuesday, Octo-ber 11, 2016. The county sits on the northwest part of In-diana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was established in 1838, and named for Sgt. Wil-liam Jasper who was a famous scout in the Continental Army during the American Revolu-tionary War. At the start of the Civil War, 935 Jasper County men (or nearly one-fifth of the county’s entire population) enlisted to fight in the war on behalf of the Union, contributing to Indiana’s proud record of proportionately send-ing more soldiers than any other state to fight against slavery in the Civil War. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana’s past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the ten Legacy Projects throughout the county include the Jasper County Fair Association, DNR Division of Na-ture Preserves, DeMotte Chamber of Com-merce, Purdue Cooperative Extension, Foun-tain Park Chautauqua, NICHES Land Trust, Remington Water Tower Days Festival, Little Cousin Jasper Festival, and the American Cancer Society. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Jasper County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present and future of Indiana’s history. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SECOND STATE CHAMPIONSHIP FOR THE MAR-IAN HIGH SCHOOL BOYS’ SOCCER TEAM 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the Marian High School Knights for their victory in the IHSAA Class IA Boys Soccer State Championship for the sec-ond year in a row. Through diligence and per-severance, the Knights finished the season with eighteen wins and five losses. The cham-pionship game was the team’s second appear-ance in the state finals and their second state title in as many years. I would like to highlight the many players who were honored for their performance in the tournament. Seniors Max Frausto and Cristian Juarez, and junior Oscar Tavarez were named to the Northern Indiana Conference’s First Team, juniors Johnathan Tavarez and lead scorer Jordan Morris were named to the NIC’s Second Team, and freshman Ned Morrison re-ceived Honorable Mention. Just as impor-tantly, junior keeper Hunter Renner managed to allow only ten goals while completing thirty- one saves and achieving nine shutouts for the season. In tandem with senior keeper Michael Cataldo who managed ten shutouts, the Knights were one of the hardest teams to score against. Coach Ben Householter again deserves praise on this victory, which is not only a tes-tament to his dedication to the Marian High School program but also his skill as team leader and mentor to the student athletes. Congratulations to the entire team for their contributions: seniors Michael Wuszke, Mi-chael Cataldo, Max Frausto, Justin Saavedra, Alex Kokot, Cristian Juarez, juniors Oscar Tavarez, Johnathan Tavarez, Junior Ontiveros, Jordan Morris, Gabe Davey, Alfredo Medina, Alex Rodela, Juan Botello, Gabe Martinez, Jacob Schmidt, Adam Evans, sophomores Danny Manzo), Will Tiller, Matteus Webb, freshman Hunter Renner, An-thony Garatoni, Michael Baughman, Ned Mor-rison, Francisco Tavarez, Dominic Blum, Jona-than Wang, Head Coach Ben Householter, Assistant Coach John Jonas, Assistant Coach Matt Englert, Assistant Coach Alfredo Juarez, Junior Varsity Coach and Assistant Coach Alex Juarez, Manager Chloe Householter, Manager Jenna Householter, Athletic Trainer Anne Micinski, Athletic Director Steve Ravotto, Assistant Athletic Director Kyle Hanyzewski, and Principal Mark Kirzeder. The Knights’ dedication and sacrifices have been proven two years in a row, and is a source of pride for the city, and the state of In-diana. Their record of success is exceptional and being a member of this team will be a memory these students will have for a lifetime. On behalf of the people of the Second Con-gressional District of Indiana, I applaud Coach Householter for building this program, I thank the student athletes for their determination, and I congratulate them all on an amazing season. It is my honor to represent Marian High School, and I wish continued success to the team and each of its members in their fu-ture endeavors. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. RICK HENDRICK THE 2016 CITIZEN OF THE CAROLINAS AWARD RECIPI-ENT 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor racing legend, and my friend, Joseph Riddick ‘‘Rick’’ Hendrick III on his recognition as the 2016 Citizen of the Carolinas, pre-sented by the Charlotte Chamber of Com-merce. Each year, the Charlotte Chamber rec-ognizes one outstanding individual for their ac-complishments and contributions to our com-munity by presenting them with their highest award, the Citizen of the Carolinas. Having lived in Charlotte for nearly 40 years, Mr. Hendrick’s impact on local busi-nesses and the surrounding community can be felt throughout the region. Best known for his successes in NASCAR, the Hendrick Mo-torsports team has been consistently recog-nized as one of the sport’s premier organiza-tions. His laundry list of accomplishments in-clude 14 NASCAR national series champion-ships as an owner, the most all-time, as well as producing some of the most well-known and beloved drivers including Jeff Gordon, Jimmie Johnson, and Dale Earnhardt Jr. Aside from his success on the track, Mr. Hendrick has devoted countless hours to bettering those around him through his consid-erable charitable work with organizations such as Levine Children’s Hospital and Together We Feed Charlotte. In 2015 he set a new fundraising record as Chairman of the Char-lotte Observer Summer Camp Fund. Today, giving back to the community remains an inte-gral part of Mr. Hendrick’s life. Having grown up in this community, I have been fortunate to see Mr. Hendrick’s work first hand. There is no doubt in my mind that he is extremely deserving of this award. I look for-ward to continuing to work alongside commu-nity leaders as we strengthen business and improve the lives of everyone in our commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating Rick Hendrick, his wife Linda, and their entire family on Rick’s recognition as the 2016 Citizen of the Carolinas. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF VIET-NAM VETERANS OF THE NORTH-ERN MARIANA ISLANDS 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, this year, for the first time, the people of the Northern Mariana Islands gathered to honor our Vietnam War veterans and their families, joining the rest of our nation in commemorating the 50th anni-versary of that difficult and complicated chap-ter in American history. We remembered the sacrifice of the 58,220 who died in theater, the 7.2 million Vietnam veterans still living, and the families of all 9 million who served. The Vietnam War was fought before the Northern Mariana Islands became part of the United States and before we, the people of the Marianas, became United States citizens. Yet dozens of our young men enlisted—or in many cases were drafted—into the U.S. Armed Forces to fight in Vietnam. This is a story not widely known outside our islands. Educational and economic opportuni-ties were limited in the Northern Mariana Is-lands at that time. Young people seeking high-er education or simply a better life sometimes moved to the nearby U.S. territory of Guam, to Hawai’i, or to the mainland United States for school or work. And it was from these new places of residence that they volunteered—or often were drafted—for military service. Unfortunately, the Department of Defense kept no records to tell us exactly how many young people from the Northern Mariana Is-lands were called into service during the Viet-nam era. Home of record would have been listed as the location to which each of them had moved temporarily to improve themselves. So, we cannot today faithfully recite their names, when honoring their service. We do know of four from the Northern Mar-iana Islands, who died in combat in Vietnam. Their names are inscribed on the Memorial Wall in Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.073 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1452 November 14, 2016 
And we know at least 50 Vietnam veterans are alive in the Northern Marianas today. Some are the indigenous Chamorro and Refaluwasch people of our islands, who en-listed or were drafted out of Guam or a U.S. state. Some are veterans who later came from America to the Marianas and now call our is-lands their home. We know, too, that even if not United States citizens, soldiers from the Northern Mariana Islands served as bravely and honorably as their brothers and sisters in uniform, who were citizens. And we know that all—citizen and noncitizen alike—faced the same painful chal-lenges of returning home from a war whose purpose was difficult to understand and which never resolved in victory. Yet, despite all their sacrifice and the pain endured, Vietnam veterans—in the Marianas and throughout America—continued to con-tribute to the peace, security, and prosperity of our nation. They became teachers, entre-preneurs, artists, tradesmen, law enforcement officers, healers, or advocates. They are present throughout the life of our communities. They also supported each other, mentored younger veterans coming home, and shared their stories with civilians, who may not have otherwise had an understanding or apprecia-tion of military service, or the realities of war. Indeed, it could be said that it is because of the example, leadership, and advocacy of the Vietnam generation of veterans that we, as a nation, do better today at supporting our young men and women in uniform, when they come home from war. But as these Vietnam vets would also remind us: we can do more. So, upon this 50th anniversary of the Viet-nam War let us commit to do more to support America’s warriors—in times of conflict, as well as in peace; when they put on the uni-form in defense of our nation, and when they come home. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TIMOTHY HOY 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Timothy Hoy, a committed Denton County Republican Party activist and tireless defender of conservative principles. Mr. Hoy passed away the week of October 31st and will be remembered as a committed volunteer and invaluable worker at the state, local and national level. Mr. Hoy became active in Denton County politics in the late 1980s, first serving as Pre-cinct Chairman. He went on to be an elections judge, campaign manager for Commissioner Ron Marchant and most recently campaigned for U.S. Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa during the 2016 presidential election. From 2002 through 2010, Mr. Hoy served on the State Republican Executive Committee and received an award for his achievements at the close of nearly eight years spent as an unwavering public servant. He was also named the Denton County Republican Party Volunteer of the Year in 1998 and Precinct Chair of the Year in 2001. Mr. Hoy is revered as a keen political mind and hard worker who was always ready to fiercely support the candidates and ideals he believed in. He is remembered as gracious, kind and a friend to all, no matter an election’s outcome. I join several of my fellow Texas elected of-ficials in offering my sincerest condolences to the members of the Denton County Repub-lican Party and all who were inspired and touched by Mr. Hoy. His commitment to fur-thering conservative ideals and his service to Denton, the state of Texas and our nation will not soon be forgotten. f 
KATY ATHLETES WIN AT THE AAU JUNIOR OLYMPICS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Aileen Lang, Justin Liang and Miyo Fujiwara of Katy, TX for winning 13 med-als at the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) Junior Olympics. The three students represented Katy-based Rope Warriors in the jump rope competitions. Aileen scored five gold medals and two bronze medals, including a gold medal in the All-Around competition. Eleven-year-old Justin earned two silver medals, two bronze medals and a fifth-place finish. And Miyo won two gold medals. Rope Warriors is a competitive jump rope team with athletes ranging from 6 to 16 years old. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Aileen Lang, Justin Liang and Miyo Fujiwara for winning 13 medals at the AAU Junior Olympics. We are proud of them and wish them luck in their future jump rope ca-reers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BEVERLY ‘‘JOY’’ BUNNING AS THE HURLBURT AIR FORCE ASSOCIATION CHAPTER 398 ELEMENTARY SCHOOL TEACHER OF THE YEAR FOR 2016 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize Ms. Beverly ‘‘Joy’’ Bun-ning as the Hurlburt Air Force Association (AFA) Chapter 398 Elementary School Teach-er of the Year for 2016. Ms. Bunning was se-lected for this esteemed honor for her inspiring efforts to bolster her students’ interest in science, technology, engineering, art, and math (STEAM) education; I am pleased to honor her outstanding achievements. In her three years in the Santa Rosa County school district, Ms. Bunning has earned the reputation as an outstanding 2nd grade teach-er among her students and peers in the edu-cation community. She teaches her students crucial problem solving skills through innova-tive and creative hands-on learning experi-ences, and her passion for teaching has helped spark her students’ sense of wonder and interest in the world around them. Ms. Bunning’s contributions to producing the next generation of active participants in our society cannot be overstated. Her dedication to her students has earned her local and national recognition. Ms. Bun-ning was featured in 850 Magazine, ‘‘The Business Magazine of Northwest Florida,’’ be-cause of her passion for shaping our Nation’s young minds and providing a 21st century learning lab classroom for her students to learn and grow. In addition, her classroom has also been identified as a ‘‘Model STEAM Classroom’’ within the Santa Rosa County community and by the digital learning en-hancement service, Discovery Education. Ms. Bunning is a leader in early childhood education and is to be commended for the solid foundations she has built for her stu-dents. One of four STEAM Leaders at her school, she has written and received numer-ous grants and coordinated training sessions for the X-STEM USA, solidifying Holly-Navarre Primary School’s status as a truly innovative school. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate Ms. Bunning on this well-earned achievement of Hurlburt Air Force Association Chapter 398 High School Teacher of the Year for 2016 and thank her for her commitment to service and dedication to the Northwest Florida commu-nity. My wife Vicki joins me in wishing Ms. Bunning all the best for continued success. f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL JOHN P. M
CGOFF 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a distinguished Hoosier, Brigadier Gen-eral John P. McGoff, who retires from the Indi-ana Air National Guard after thirty-four years of honorable military service. General McGoff is the Assistant Adjutant General for the Indiana Air National Guard. Among his many responsibilities, he advises the Adjutant General on issues regarding the 122nd Fighter Wing, 181st Intelligence Wing, Indiana Air Range Complex, and 207th Weather Flight. While attending medical school, General McGoff was commissioned into the Medical Service Corps and assigned to the 122nd TAC Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne. He was re-commissioned in the Medical Corps and at-tended the Aerospace Medicine Primary Course at Brooks AFB in Texas where he earned his wings. He has served in many ca-pacities throughout the Indiana Air National Guard and twice led the 191st Medical Group to the Theodore Marr’s Award, the Air National Guard’s highest medical award, and the Spaatz trophy, the highest Reserve Compo-nent award. General McGoff served our country in Eu-rope and was the Chief of Emergency Serv-ices at the 332nd EMDG, Joint Base Balad, Iraq. He has also served overseas tours in Turkey, Bahrain, Jordan, Antarctica, Germany, Korea, Japan, Guatemala, and Slovakia. Gen-eral McGoff holds the aeronautical rating of Chief Flight Surgeon and has logged over 600 hours, including 25.6 combat hours in many different military aircraft. He is a graduate of the Air War College and has received numer-ous military awards and decorations. Dr. McGoff served the people of Indianap-olis and Marion County as County Coroner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.076 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1453 November 14, 2016 
and is currently the Attending Emergency Room Physician at Community Hospitals of In-dianapolis. He is a member of several medical and military organizations and earned the rank of Brigadier General in 2010. As one of my opponents for Indiana Secretary of State in 2002, the way he carried himself helped make me a better candidate and officeholder. I will always appreciate his friendship and leader-ship to our state and nation. Hoosiers and all Americans owe Brigadier General McGoff and his family gratitude for a job well done for our country. I wish him well in his post-retirement endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF MAYOR LARRY MORRISSEY AND THE COMMUNITY OF ROCKFORD TOWARD ENDING VETERAN HOMELESSNESS 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend and congratulate Mayor Larry Morrissey and the community of Rockford, Illinois, as they are recognized by the White House for their innovative and collaborative work to end veteran homelessness. Mayor Morrissey has been invited to facili-tate a panel discussion at the White House today to share Rockford’s success in effec-tively eliminating homelessness among vet-erans within his community. Rockford was the first city in the nation to achieve a ‘‘functional zero’’ for homeless veterans, and has contin-ued to do so for a consecutive year—serving as a model for other cities on how to ensure that all of our veterans have a place to call home. To achieve this result, the City of Rock-ford has worked with housing, employment, and veteran groups to coordinate services so all who bravely served our country have per-manent housing and support. Mr. Speaker, I want to again formally con-gratulate Mayor Morrissey and the community of Rockford for being recognized for their great work. I am hopeful that communities across the country can learn from Rockford’s success and end veteran homelessness once and for all. 
f 
PEARLAND LADY OILERS RECEIVE NATIONAL HONORS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Pearland High School softball team for receiving two national honors. The Pearland Lady Oilers joined softball teams from across the country in raising $342,000 to support the National Fastpitch Coaches Association (NFCA) and the Amer-ican Cancer Society’s StrikeOut Cancer initia-tive. The Lady Oilers raised $4,000 for the or-ganizations; more than any high school in the nation. The teams’ coaches, Laneigh Clark, Michele Hyden, Lori Boyd, Tiffany Neal and Lauren Martens, were also recognized as the NFCA Regional Coaching Staff of the Year. The Lady Oilers made it the 2016 Class 6A Texas state championship game before losing in the final round. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Pearland Lady Oilers for receiving two national honors. We are very proud of them and look forward to seeing what they accom-plish next season. f 
TRIBUTE TO NEWTON COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Newton County, Indiana, as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Tuesday, Octo-ber 11, 2016. The county sits on the northwest part of In-diana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was originally established in 1836, later abolished and combined with Jasper County, and then fi-nally re-established on December 8, 1859, making it the last organized of Indiana’s nine-ty-two counties. Newton County is named after Sgt. John Newton who served under General Francis Marion in the American Revolutionary War, and Kentland serves as its county seat. Newton County is home to the ‘‘Kentland Cra-ter’’, which likely was created by the impact of a meteorite. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana’s past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The multiple or-ganizations responsible for the Legacy Projects throughout the county include The Nature Conservancy of Indiana and the New-ton County Historical Society. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Newton County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present and future of Indiana’s history. 
f 
CONDOLENCES TO THE FAMILY AND FRIENDS OF DR. LAMUEL STANISLAUS 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of the 9th Congressional district of New York, I wish to express my deepest, most heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Dr. Lamuel Stanislaus. I stand today to honor and pay tribute to a man of high distinction, a man who was a pillar of my community, a neighbor, and a friend. His Excellency, Dr. Lamuel Stanislaus, who re-cently transitioned from his mortal existence into immortality, has joined the ancestors at ninety-five years of age. Dr. Stanislaus was born on the beautiful is-land nation of Grenada, Carriacou, and Petit Martinique. He came to the United States in 1945 to further his education, ultimately earn-ing both a Bachelor of Science and Doctor of Dental Surgery degree at Howard University here in Washington, D.C. He went on to practice dentistry in Wayne County, N.Y., before relocating to Brooklyn in 1956 and establishing a practice in the Bed-ford-Stuyvesant community, which he later moved to Downtown Brooklyn. That very same practice still exists today under the leadership of his proud son, Dr. Eugene Stanislaus. In 1985, Dr. Stanislaus was appointed Gre-nada’s Ambassador at Large to the United Na-tions, serving for two terms, from 1985 to 1990 and again from 1998 to 2004. As a well- respected diplomat who was selected as Vice President of the General Assembly, Dr. Stanislaus formed partnerships with individuals such as New York State Governor Mario Cuomo and my predecessor, the Honorable Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, to estab-lish a support system for the people of Gre-nada, at home in the Tri-Island State, here in the U.S. and indeed, around the world. He received many honors for his work in-cluding: the Insignia of Commander of the Brit-ish Empire from the Queen of England; Knight Commander, the highest honor awarded by his native Grenada, Carriacou, and Petit Mar-tinique; a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Brooklyn District Attorney, and a Distin-guished Service Award from the Brooklyn His-torical Society. In addition, the contributions of Dr. Stanislaus were also critical to development of the West Indian-American Day Carnival Asso-ciation and its signature event the West In-dian-American Labor Day Parade into what has become a beautiful and world renowned celebration of culture that draws millions of people to central Brooklyn every year on Labor Day. Dr. Stanislaus was devoted to his wife of sixty-three years, Beryl, and to their five beau-tiful, talented children Lamuel, Galen, Karen, Eugene, and John, and seven grandchildren. His lifetime of professionalism and service to others will forever demonstrate that people of good faith have the ability to impact the world and establish a legacy that following generations will continue to enjoy and benefit from. I am deeply honored to have known him as a dear friend. He served not only as a friend, but a mentor and advisor. He was a pil-lar of integrity and strength to an emerging Caribbean-American community and indeed to all that he encountered. He will be sorely missed, but his legacy lives on through his family, friends and relations and the many lives that he touched throughout his lifetime in service to others. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ANNIE CARTER SAVAGE OF CENTURY, FLORIDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and dedicated service of Annie Carter Savage of Century, Florida 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.080 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1454 November 14, 2016 
who passed away on October 25th, 2016. Annie was a remarkable public servant who cared deeply for those in the community she served, and I am humbled to commemorate her life. Annie Carter was born to Thomas and Rosa Bell Carter in Wilcox County, Alabama on February 16, 1941. She attended Snow Hill In-stitution Normal and graduated Industrial Insti-tute in Snow Hill in 1960. Following her grad-uation, Annie went on to pursue a cosme-tology license in Birmingham, Alabama. From there she began her career with Mutual Sav-ings Insurance Company, where she spent more than twenty years before retiring as a district manager. In 2011, Annie was ap-pointed to the Century Town Council. Annie was a dedicated and effective public servant, and she won the confidence of her constitu-ents, as evidenced by her election to serve a second four-year term as a councilwoman. In addition to her service to the Northwest Florida community, Annie was also a leader in the civic and religious community. For over sixty years, Annie remained a loyal and active member of the First Mt. Zion Baptist Church in Century, Florida. She served as church clerk for 28 years and in the church’s senior choir for 19 years. She also served as the district missionary for the First West Florida District Association, corresponding secretary for the Evergreen District Congress of Christian Edu-cation and remained a faithful member of the Eastern Star. Caring for the community was more than a passion for Annie. In 2009, she and her husband opened their home as an outreach ministry for those in need of hot meals, transportation and spiritual guidance. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to honor the life of Annie Carter Savage. She will always be re-membered by all of us in Northwest Florida as a true community leader. My wife Vicki and I offer our prayers for her husband, Deacon Lloyd Savage, three daughters; Lomonica Savage-Shoemo, Tarrant Savage, and Melody Trice; three grandchildren; two great-grand-children; and the entire Savage family as we remember and honor the life of Annie Carter Savage. 
f 
IN HONOR OF PASTOR MICHELLE THOMAS’ SERVICE TO THE LEES-BURG COMMUNITY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, please allow me to take a moment to recognize the significant accomplishments of Michelle Thom-as, a remarkable individual from my district. A pastor in Leesburg, Virginia, Mrs. Thomas has dedicated her life to community service, pre-serving African American culture, and, most importantly, to God. Pastor Thomas is the first African American woman to establish a church in Loudoun County, the Holy and Whole Life Changing Ministries. Inspired by her upbringing in her fa-ther’s Pentecostal church, Pastor Thomas de-cided to bring her message to the people of Loudoun. On November 19th, her ministry will celebrate its 10th anniversary. One of Pastor Thomas’ greatest achieve-ments was her re-discovery of the Belmont Slave Cemetery. The land she recently pur-chased for the expansion project of the Holy and Whole Life Changing Ministries sits atop what was once part of Thomas Lee’s planta-tion. This discovery inspired her to create the Loudoun Freedom Center. The center is dedi-cated to protecting African American cultural sites, resources, and communities through preservation and education. In recognition of her efforts, she became the first African Amer-ican woman to be appointed to the Loudoun County Heritage Commission. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues join me in sending our most sincere congratulations to Pastor Michelle Thomas for her tireless dedication to her community and her faith. Her actions will have an incredible impact on the Loudoun community and I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. f 
IN HONOR OF THE HOPEWELL COMMUNITY CENTER 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the 100 year celebration of the former Hopewell Congregational Methodist Church building. This building will become The Hope-well Community Center at McCord’s Cross-roads at the intersection of County Roads 16 and 29 in Cherokee County. The church was built in 1916 and served its congregation for over 80 years before dis-continuing services in 2000. The McCord’s Crossroads Homemakers Club saw the poten-tial for the building and in 2011, the church’s Conference Board transferred the title of the building to the homemakers club. After a gen-erous grant from the Coosa Valley Resource Conservation and Development Council, the building was moved from its original site to its current site today in 2014. After much hard work and restoration from fundraisers and the community, the structure shines once again to serve the community for another 100 years. On November 12, 2016, the community will celebrate the building and dedicate it as the new Hopewell Community Center at McCord’s Crossroads. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 100 year celebration of this building and the future of The Hopewell Community Center. 
f 
HONORING RETIRED LIEUTENANT COLONEL LEO GRAY 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and remembrance of Re-tired Lieutenant Colonel Leo Gray. As one of the original members of the Tuskegee Airmen, Retired Lieutenant Colonel Leo Gray enlisted in the military after high school and became a valued member of the air force, logging 750 hours as a pilot in World War II. His service and sacrifice helped to se-cure Allied victory in World War II. Moreover, along with other members of the Tuskegee Airmen, he was a pioneer of the Civil Rights Movement; combatting discrimina-tion in our armed forces and serving as role models as our nation’s first African-American military aviators. After his service in the air force, he contin-ued to play a critical role in the Civil Rights Movement through the Tuskegee Airmen Inc., which provides scholarships for underrep-resented minorities studying aviation and aero-space. It is with great honor that I recognize Re-tired-Lieutenant Colonel Leo Gray, an Amer-ican hero. f 
TRIBUTE TO TIPPECANOE COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Tippecanoe County, Indi-ana, as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Wednesday, October 12, 2016. The county lies in the north-central part of Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District. Tippe-canoe County was established on March 1, 1826, and it was named for a Miami people term ‘‘Kethtippecanoogi’’ meaning a ‘‘place of the succor fish people’’. The county is the largest-populated county in the 4th District, and it is best known as the home of Purdue University and for the 1811 Battle of Tippe-canoe. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana’s past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the thirty-three Legacy Projects to-date throughout the county include the Indiana Native American Indiana Affairs Commission, Fairfield Township, West Lafay-ette Parks and Recreation, Lilly Nature Center, Ivy Tech Community College—Lafayette, Pur-due University, Indiana State Federation of Poetry Clubs, Lafayette School Corporation, The Society of Indiana Pioneers, Tippecanoe County 4–H Exhibit Association, Tippecanoe County Historical Association, West Lafayette Public Arts Team, NICHES Land Trust, Geog-raphy Educators Network of Indiana, Old Tip-pecanoe Quilt Guild, The Archaeological Con-servancy, Purdue University College of Agri-culture, West Lafayette Tree Friends, Tippe-canoe County Parks, Art Museum of Greater Lafayette, Monticello-Union Township Public Library, Morton Community Center, Dani M. Tippmann, Bach Chorale Singers, Inc., Cath-erine E. Mowery, Lafayette Symphony, Inc., Civic Theatre of Greater Lafayette, Haan Man-sion Museum of IN Art, Grounds Depart-ment—Physical Facilities Purdue University, Animalia, Inc., and the Tippecanoe County Public Library. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Tippecanoe County for the contribution of its residents to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.085 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1455 November 14, 2016 
the past, present and future of Indiana’s his-tory. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DAVY AND STRANGE FAMILIES AS THE 2016 SANTA ROSA COUNTY, FLORIDA, OUTSTANDING FARM FAMILIES OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise to recognize the John Davy and Glen Strange Families of Al-lentown for being selected as the 2016 Santa Rosa County, Florida, Outstanding Farm Fam-ilies of the Year. Both John and Glen developed a love of farming from watching their fathers. In 1986, the two purchased a small 10 acre tree farm and became business partners when they founded Panhandle Growers, Inc the following year. The farm grows specimen trees between 2″–4″ in diameter for landscaping purposes. Now, 30 years later, the farm has grown to 350 acres and supplies trees throughout the Southeast. John and his wife Sara have two children; Elizabeth, who graduated from Auburn Univer-sity in 2015, and Emmett, who is a junior at Pace High School. Sara works as a phar-macist; and John, who enjoys growing enjoys growing camellias at home, has served three terms as president of the Pensacola Camellia Society. Glen and his wife Janet have three children; Ali, who has two children with her husband Ben; Nicole, who is a senior at Troy University School of Nursing and Thomas who is a soph-omore at Pensacola State School of Business. In addition to running the farm, Glen also serves as the Director with Farm Credit of Northwest Florida. It is his hopes that the tra-dition of farming will continue with his children and grandchildren. Both families are active members of the Olive Baptist Church. The Davys are parent volunteers with World Race Adventures in Missions and the Stranges participate in local and international missions. Glen serves on the missions board. Mr. Speaker, the Santa Rosa County Out-standing Farm Family of the Year Award is a true reflection of the Davy and Strange fami-lies’ tireless work and their dedication to family and farming. On behalf of the United States Congress, I would like to offer my congratula-tions to the Davy and Strange families for being outstanding in their field. My wife Vicki and I extend our best wishes for their contin-ued success. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE AVETT BROTH-ERS INDUCTION INTO THE NORTH CAROLINA MUSIC HALL OF FAME 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of my favorite bands, the Avett Brothers, who were inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame on October 20, 2016. With this recognition, the band joins the ranks of the North Carolina music legends in-cluding Andy Griffith, Charlie Daniels, and James Taylor. Raised in Concord, North Carolina, Scott and Seth Avett took an unlikely path to be-coming the music icons they are today. Never forgetting their North Carolina roots, the band has traveled the world but still holds on to their humble beginnings. Before hitting the ‘‘big time’’ the brothers explored every avenue they could to keep their music dreams alive. Whether it was selling shoes, working 20-hour shifts on movie sets, or pedaling grilled cheese sandwiches in the parking lot of Grate-ful Dead shows they never lost sight of their dreams to connect people through their love of music. Together with Bob Crawford and Joe Kwon, the Avett Brothers have been delivering high energy performances since the turn of the century. From their father’s garage to the Late Show with David Letterman the band has cap-tivated audiences with their ability to connect on a human level about shared experiences anyone can relate to. Their unique blend of rock and folk music with a 21st century spin has found a place in the hearts of people all over the world. There is no doubt in my mind that the Avett Brothers are extremely deserving of this rec-ognition and I wish them the best as they tour the country and continue to be a great source of pride for Cabarrus County and all of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating Scott, Seth, Bob, and Joe—the Avett Brothers—on their induction into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SACRIFICE OF SGT. DOUGLAS J. RINEY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of U.S. Army Sgt. Douglas J. Riney who was killed in Kabul, Af-ghanistan on October 19, 2016. I’ve always believed that the best way to really know who a person was, is to hear the memories from those who knew him best. As friends and fam-ily members in Fairview and across our com-munity have come together to mourn the loss of this true American hero, it’s clear that Sgt. Riney was a man who believed in the values that have made our nation strong. Like so many who grew up in Fairview, Sgt. Riney be-lieved in service. After graduating from Spoon River Valley High School, Sgt. Riney became a volunteer firefighter with the Fairview Fire Protection District where he earned a reputa-tion as a man who could always be counted on. In the United States Army, Sgt. Riney was deployed as part of Operation Enduring Free-dom from July 2014 to February 2015. In June of this year, he was again deployed as part of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel. As part of the Support Squadron, 3rd Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division, from Fort Hood, Texas, Sgt. Riney excelled at his work. Through the years, for his courage and commitment to getting the job done, Sgt. Riney was repeatedly recog-nized as he earned many commendations in-cluding the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star and the Army Commendation Medal. On that fate-ful day in Kabul, our nation lost one of its fin-est, and the community of Fairview lost one of its best. Mr. Speaker, as we mourn the loss of Sgt. Douglas J. Riney, let us also give thanks for the positive impact and legacy that he leaves behind. While words offer little consolation to soothe the pain of losing a loved one, our na-tion offers its deepest condolences and heart-felt gratitude to the family of Sgt. Riney, today and always. f 
HONORING KANSAS CITY’S FLIGHTLESS HONOR FLIGHT VETERANS 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 17 Kansas City area veterans who took part in a special ‘‘Flightless’’ Honor Flight last week on Friday, November 11, 2016—Veterans Day. Among other activities, the group had the opportunity to visit and tour the World War I Museum and Memorial, near my district in Kansas City. The Honor Flight Network’s mission is to transport America’s veterans to Washington, D.C. to visit the memorials dedicated to honor their service and sacrifices. However, this is not always possible, so the local extension, Honor Flight Kansas City, decided to start a Flightless Honor Flight program for those who are unable to make the trip to Washington. Now in its second year, the Flightless Honor Flight program has helped contribute to the goal of the national organization by continuing to honor those who have served. Representing every branch of the military, this unique group was made up of veterans who served in WWII, Korea, and Vietnam. The Veterans who participated are as follows: Tony Arnone, Air Force (Korea); Bill Barr, Navy (WWII); Russell Callahan, Coast Guard (WWII); Max Deweese, Marines (WWII/Korea); Bob Edwards, Army (Vietnam); Mike Elrod, Army (Vietnam); Ace Fasenmayer, Army (WWII); Tom Garrett, Navy (Korea); Floyd Greenwood, Army (Korea); Clyde Reece Hulet, Army (WWII); George Nicholson, Army (Korea); Dennis Owens, Marines (Vietnam); Agapito ‘‘Pete’’ Sanchez, Army (Vietnam); Juanita Smith, Navy (WWII); Robert Willis Sprague, Army (Vietnam); Delbert Stephens, Navy (WWII); Gene Taylor, Navy (Korea). Each of these brave Americans deserves our everlasting thanks for their contributions to the war effort, and for their sacrifice on behalf of our country and way of life. On behalf of a grateful country, we say thank you for your service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.089 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1456 November 14, 2016 
CONGRATULATING THE LANGLEY HIGH SCHOOL BOY’S GOLF TEAM ON WINNING THE VIRGINIA 6A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Langley High School golf team on winning the Virginia 6A state golf cham-pionship. Their dedication, hard work, and per-severance helped earn their school its first state championship in golf since 2011. This achievement comes in spite of the physical hardships and tough course conditions the team endured during the final round. The night before the second and final round, senior Brandon Berry came down with what was likely food poisoning. His condition had him bedridden for almost 14 hours. Neverthe-less, Brandon took the course for the final round and recorded a 77. Also two freshmen, Nikita Gubenko and Brian Feinstein, recorded rounds of 75 and 80, respectively. Nikita’s round was Langley’s lowest of the day and helped the Saxons secure a 22–shot victory. It is this dedication that creates the level of ex-cellence which these young men have achieved. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Langley Saxons on winning the Virginia 6A state golf champion-ship. I am proud to represent these students and wish them all the best in their future en-deavors. 
f 
HONORING STEVE NAKAJO 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Steve Nakajo who has served as the execu-tive director of Kimochi, Inc. for 45 years and has grown the organization into one of the most precious senior service organizations in the Bay Area. Steve is a sensei in every sense of the word: a respected person who has achieved a high level of mastery in his skills. He leaves behind an incredible legacy which frankly few of us do. I am honored to call him a friend and colleague for over 20 years. Steve co-founded Kimochi in 1971 to bring social services to non-English speaking, first generation Japanese Americans in San Fran-cisco’s Japantown. Today, Kimochi provides 3,000 seniors from San Francisco and sur-rounding communities with services including transportation, nutrition, day care, housing, re-ferral, consumer education, social services, and in-home care every year. The creation of Kimochi Inc., which means feeling in Japanese, was inspired by the feel-ing for elders, first generation Japanese Amer-icans or Issei, by third generation Japanese Americans or Sansei. The Sansei recognized that language and cultural barriers prevented the Issei from accessing every-day services, so they helped them to apply for government services or health benefits, they offered trans-portation and walking escorts, and they made sure seniors could safely leave and return to their homes. The appreciation of the elders’ sacrifices and hardships is integral to the or-ganization’s philosophy and Steve has been the embodiment of that philosophy. Respect, gratitude and love for the elders are ex-pressed through the services that allow each generation to age with dignity, pride, support and friendship. Steve’s commitment to Kimochi has been unwavering and recognized around the world. In 1999, he addressed the Japanese National Conference on Aging in Tokyo on the history and philosophy of Kimochi, Inc. as the only U.S. delegate invited to the conference. In 2002, he addressed the San Diego Nikkey El-derly Forum. In 2007, he joined Mayor Gavin Newsom in Osaka to celebrate the 50th anni-versary of the San Francisco—Osaka Sister City relationship. In 2013, he was honored by the San Francisco Consul General of Japan for Kimochi Home’s 30th anniversary. Earlier this year, it was my honor to help cut the rib-bon on the new Kimochi House San Mateo, yet another grand vision of Steve Nakajo. For the last 45 years, Steve has also been an instructor and lecturer in Japanese Amer-ican and Asian Studies, sociology, social work, critical thinking and ethnic sensitivity training at San Francisco State University, San Jose State University and City College of San Fran-cisco. His teaching career started in the Japa-nese American Studies Program in SFSU’s School of Ethnic Studies. His co-instructors were the late Edison Uno and Dudly Yasuda. Uno, a civil rights advocate, was best known for his opposition to the internment of Japa-nese Americans during World War II. Dudly was a psychology professor who was trag-ically murdered by one of his former students. Steve has further contributed to the commu-nity by being one of the original organizers of the San Francisco Nihonmachi Street Fair and by being active with San Francisco’s Japantown Cherry Blossom Festival for 46 years. He has also been on the San Francisco Fire Commission for 20 years and served on the San Francisco Arts Commission. Steve, originally from Salt Lake City, re-ceived his education in San Francisco. He at-tended Morning Star School and Sacred Heart High School and earned his Bachelor’s degree in Social Science and his Master’s degree in Social Work from SFSU. He and his wife Etsie have three children—Devon, Tracey and Lexus—and four grandsons—Yuki, Kai, Kyle and Jaden. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in honoring a remarkable man and teacher who has helped shape the fabric of San Francisco for almost half a cen-tury. Steve Nakajo may be retiring today, but his contributions and philosophy will resonate for generations to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE OPELIKA CHAM-BER OF COMMERCE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the 75th anniversary of the Opelika Chamber of Commerce in Opelika, Alabama. The Opelika Chamber was organized on January 13, 1941, and incorporated on August 26th by Homer Carter, Yetta G. Samford, R.W. Williams, Edward M. Roberts, Jr., Win-ston Smith T, A.L. Screws, A.C. Tatum, D.W. Ward, John L. Whatley and John D. McKibben. As recorded in the original Petition for Incorporation, the Chamber is to ‘‘promote the commercial, industrial, agricultural and civic interest of the City of Opelika and the surrounding territory; to promote integrity and good faith, just and equitable principles in business. . .’’ These words still ring true today. The Opelika Chamber has been instru-mental in the growth and prosperity of the City of Opelika. Each year, the Chamber hosts over 200 events, program and advertising op-portunities for its members. Today, the Opelika Chamber is housed in the Whitfield-Duke-Searcy Home, built in 1895, at 601 Avenue A. On December 15, 2016, there will be a cele-bration of the past 75 years held at The Aeerie. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating the Opelika Chamber of Commerce on their 75th anniversary and wish them many, many more. f 
CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE MINNESOTA VAL-LEY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REF-UGE 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Min-nesota Valley National Wildlife Refuge. Estab-lished in 1976, this refuge managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service provides vital habitat for migratory water fowl, fish and other species. The Minnesota Valley National Wild-life Refuge is a wonderful example of Min-nesota’s commitment to conservation and the environment. The Minnesota Valley National Wildlife Ref-uge offers a world class opportunity to experi-ence Minnesota’s natural landscape and view wildlife, starting from the heart of the Twin Cit-ies metropolitan area in Bloomington stretch-ing more than 70 miles along the Minnesota River to Henderson, Minnesota. More than 5,000 acres of the 14,000 acre refuge are pro-tected as Waterfowl Production Areas. During peak migration periods, visitors are witness to exceptional bird watching as hundreds of thou-sands of waterfowl, songbirds, and raptors are funneled into the valley along their migratory routes. Another significant focus of the Minnesota Valley National Wildlife Refuge is land con-servation and management of habitats ranging from wetlands, to floodplain forest, to tall grass prairie. These diverse habitats are actively managed using modern conservation tech-niques such as biological control, prescribed burning and invasive plant removal to benefit the resident plants and animals. Refuge staff also reaches out to private local land owners on conservation and restoration efforts to en-hance wildlife habitat within the region. Minnesotans are steadfast stewards of the beautiful and diverse natural environments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.094 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1457 November 14, 2016 
that make up our great state. The refuge is a shining example of our partnership with the federal government to preserve these beautiful natural resources in the heart of our Metropoli-tan Region. Mr. Speaker, please join me in paying tribute to the forty years of dedicated work by the federal employees and volunteers of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service whose ef-forts will continue in order to protect Min-nesota wildlife and habitat at the Minnesota Valley National Wildlife Refuge. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE MANASSAS PARK CITY SCHOOLS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Manassas Park City School sys-tem as they celebrate their 40th anniversary as a School Division in the Commonwealth of Virginia. The Manassas Park City School sys-tem was the last school division to be ap-proved for formation by the Virginia Depart-ment of Education in 1976, as the City of Ma-nassas Park became the last town in the Commonwealth of Virginia to receive City sta-tus. The beginnings for the school system 40 years ago were not ideal. After a last minute move for independence from Prince William County, both the government and the schools were created with no infrastructure or financial support. In spite of these obstacles, the four schools which make up the Manassas Park City School system have become a successful part of a thriving community. Thanks to dedi-cated faculty and staff, Manassas Park City Schools are achieving remarkable things: a one-to-one digital conversion, a new balanced calendar, improved community engagement, and outstanding academic performance. Coming from a family of educators, I appre-ciate the invaluable role that administrators, teachers, and support staff play in inspiring our students. The work Manassas Park City Schools have done, and continue to do, with young men and women will be of great value to our community. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the importance of the Manassas Park City School system’s 40th anniversary and what it rep-resents for the city’s residents, students, and staff. I ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Manassas Park City Schools and to thank them for their service to the children of Manassas Park. I wish them all well in their future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF EL CENTRO 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 40th anniversary of El Centro in Kansas City, Kansas. El Centro was estab-lished in 1976 as a place where the Kansas City, Kansas’ Hispanic population could come together and form a sense of connectedness within their communities. El Centro began with just a $10,000 grant from the Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kan-sas, and with the hard work and dedication of caring community members it has grown to 3 locations in my district, serving more than 12,000 individuals and families per year. El Centro could not be what it is today with-out the efforts of its President and CEO Irene Caudillo. Irene has a long history of improving our community by creating children and youth programs for nonprofit organizations, including El Centro and Wyandotte Mental Health Asso-ciation in Wyandotte County. I’ve had the privilege of getting to know Irene over the years during my visits to El Centro’s Head Start program, Academy for Children, which aims to help Pre-K students receive strong early-childhood educational op-portunities and set them up for success. Irene also serves on my Hispanic Advisory Com-mittee, is a school board member in Kansas City, Kansas, and a great leader and role model in the Kansas City community. Mr. Speaker, our community is stronger be-cause of El Centro, where their mission is to strengthen communities and improve lives of Latinos and others through educational, social, and economic opportunities. I look forward to our continued work together. f 
IN HONOR OF THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF ALABAMA FARM-CITY WEEK 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the 60th Anniversary of Alabama Farm- City Week. Over the past 60 years during the week of Thanksgiving; Farm-City week is observed to express gratitude for the bounty with which God has blessed our land while recognizing our farmers and communities who help make the Agriculture industry so successful. In our great state, Agriculture and related in-dustries provide over half a million good-pay-ing jobs. During Farm-City week, I hope every-one in East Alabama will recognize our farm-ers and be appreciative of all they do. In Alabama, the 2016 Farm-City theme is ‘‘Agriculture: Stewards of a Healthy Planet.’’ Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 60th Anniversary of Farm-City week. 
f 
OUTDOOR RECREATION’S ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTIONS ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I com-mend the House on its adoption of the Out-door Recreation’s Economic Contributions Act, which directs the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Economic Analysis to assess and analyze the U.S. outdoor recreation economy and the effects attributable to it on the overall U.S. economy. In Oregon and across the country, an in-creasing number of Americans enjoy recre-ating outdoors. In fact, at least two-thirds of Oregonians participate in outdoor recreation each year. From the magnificent Columbia River Gorge to trails and creeks throughout our forests, canyons, and deserts, these open spaces and recreation areas are vital to indi-viduals, families, businesses, and commu-nities. Outdoor recreation opportunities in Oregon and nationwide support healthy communities, create jobs, generate tax revenue, and sup-port a high quality of life. Americans spend $646 billion per year on outdoor recreation gear, vehicles, trips, and more. In Oregon, outdoor recreation generates over $12 billion in consumer spending, tens of thousands of jobs, and $4 billion in wages and salaries. Ad-ditionally, supporting sustainable outdoor recreation can also help protect important eco-logical, watershed, and fish and wildlife values that underpin high quality recreation experi-ences. Outdoor recreation is vitally important to Or-egonians and Oregon’s economy, and this leg-islation will provide us with the information needed to guide our land and water policy to support this important industry. f 
TRIBUTE TO CARL THEODORE WOLF, JR. 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to my friend and proud Navy veteran Carl Theodore Wolf, Jr., who passed away on Sunday, November 6, 2016. Carl was a caring member of his community, and he will be deeply missed. Carl served in the U.S. Navy for ten years with honor and distinction. While serving in Germany on the Rhine River Patrol, Carl met his wife Anneliese. After their marriage on No-vember 6, 1955, Carl and Anneliese made their first home in San Diego, California. A few years later, they would celebrate the birth of their daughter Brigitte. In 1967, the Wolf family picked up and settled down in Reseda, Cali-fornia. Carl loved his country and his family. He was an avid reader and especially enjoyed history books. Carl truly enjoyed talking to people and relished recounting stories about his travels around the world while serving in the Navy. Carl’s dedication to his work, family, and country are a testament to a life lived well and a legacy that will continue. I was proud to call Carl my friend and I will deeply miss him. I ex-tend my condolences to Carl’s family and friends; although Carl may be gone, the light and goodness he brought to the world remains and will never be forgotten. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.097 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1458 November 14, 2016 
RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH ANNI-VERSARY OF LA COMUNIDAD NEWS 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize La Comunidad News and its found-er and publisher, Rafael Viscarra on the occa-sion of the 25th anniversary of the Latino newspaper’s publication. In the 2nd Congres-sional District of Wisconsin, we are fortunate to have such a longstanding newspaper fo-cused on ‘‘helping, empowering and serving the Latino community,’’ as its mission states. The newspaper began when Rafael Viscarra and his son, Dante Viscarra, sought a way to keep our growing Latino community informed and participating in the community and the democratic system. The newspaper was Madison’s first Span-ish-language newspaper, beginning publication under the name Spanish News/La Nacio ´n. Today it continues to celebrate Latino holidays and culture. It honors the achievements of community members, as well as connecting people within the Latino community and in-forming our broader community. In its 25 years of publication, La Comunidad has been an important voice as the Latino population has grown from several thousand people to more than 30,000 residents from di-verse nationalities in the newspaper’s Dane County readership area. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize La Comunidad News for its service and contribu-tions to our community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ELIZABETH HILL MORROW’S PARTICIPATION IN THE 2015 UNITED STATES POLICE AND FIRE GAMES AND 2015 WORLD POLICE AND FIRE GAMES 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Elizabeth Hill Morrow for her participation in the 2015 United States Police and Fire Games in San Diego, California and the 2015 World Police and Fire Games in Fairfax, Vir-ginia. Morrow, a Jacksonville State University Po-lice Officer, participated in these two events by competing in a total of five individual events and received a total of five Gold Medals. Elizabeth is a native of Randolph County, Alabama. She is a graduate of Handley High School in Roanoke, Alabama and a graduate of Troy University with a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice and Jacksonville State Uni-versity with a Master’s in Emergency Manage-ment. Elizabeth joined the Jacksonville State University Police Department in 2006. She and her husband Fred currently reside in the Jacksonville area. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Elizabeth on her accomplishments in the 2015 United States Police and Fire Games and the 2015 World Police and Fire Games. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, due to unavoidable travel delays, I missed two roll call votes. Had I been present for the vote on H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Products Re-search, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015, as amended (Roll Call No. 575), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ This bill will allow concrete ma-sonry producers to establish a ‘‘check-off’’ pro-gram at the Department of Commerce. This coordinated program will fund research, edu-cation and promotion to improve, maintain and develop markets for concrete masonry prod-ucts. Had I been present for the vote on H.R. 2669, the Anti-Spoofing Act (Roll Call No. 576), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ This bill will extend the prohibition on transmitting inac-curate caller ID information to anyone located in the United States—including through Voice- over-Internet (VolP) calls or text messages sent to mobile phones. Current law only cov-ers voice calls. 
f 
PASSING MENTAL HEALTH REFORM 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of passing mental health reform in the Senate prior to the end of the 114th Congress. As the original lead democratic cosponsor of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, I was proud to work on the legislation for three years as to see it pass the House in July. As the days remaining in the 114th Con-gress dwindle, there is still a long list of unfin-ished business that Republicans in the House and the Senate must make a priority. Since the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act was bipartisan and passed the House with a vote of 422–2, mental health reform is something we can all agree on right now. We can all agree that the severely mentally ill are largely untreated and undiagnosed in this country. We can all agree that the home-less and prison population are particularly vul-nerable to mental illness, and that these are the individuals that get the least amount of at-tention and access to mental health services. We can all agree that unnecessary barriers exist between physicians and caregivers who only want to help their loved ones. We can all agree that there are not enough psychiatric hospital beds available for individuals experi-encing a crisis. We can all agree that addi-tional federal coordination is necessary to change and elevate these issues. The need for change to how we operate our federal mental health system and how we treat patients with severe mental illness is now. Patients, families, and physicians cannot wait any longer. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to consider and pass mental health re-form before the end of the 114th Congress. Our individuals with mental illness cannot af-ford to start over again. INAUGURATION OF REBECCA KOENIG ROLOFF AS THE 11TH PRESIDENT OF ST. CATHERINE UNIVERSITY 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Ms. ReBecca Koenig Roloff, who was inaugurated as the 11th President of St. Catherine University in Saint Paul, Minnesota on October 11, 2016. Throughout her career, Ms. Roloff has earned the respect of her peers and colleagues by her extraordinary leadership abilities, quickly rising through the ranks of every organization she has been a part of, and leaving legacies of success along the way. The first time that ReBecca Roloff set foot on the campus of St. Catherine University, she was a teenage prospective student. Growing up in Dickinson, North Dakota, she had never met a female doctor, engineer, or lawyer. However, when she arrived at St. Kate’s as it is known, she was astounded to see that the entire institution, from the administration to the professors, was led by highly educated profes-sional women. The impact on Ms. Roloff was both immediate, and long lasting. She went on to graduate cum laude from St. Catherine Uni-versity in 1976 and later earn a Master’s of Business Administration with distinction from Harvard Business School in 1982. Beginning her career as a grain merchant for Cargill, Ms. Roloff moved up to senior management positions at Pillsbury and later became senior vice president of Global Finan-cial Advice and Systems at American Express Financial Advisors in Minneapolis. In this role she oversaw the $90 million core business and transformed the sales systems used by over 10,000 advisors. Ms. Roloff’s success in business was cou-pled with a growing desire to serve in a posi-tion with a broader mission to impact the com-munity. She was named Chief Executive Offi-cer of the Minneapolis YWCA, a role where she would directly work to empower women and girls and achieve success by breaking down barriers of class and race. Ms. Roloff’s sharp business acumen, pas-sion for social justice, and impressive creden-tials were qualities that put her at the top of a national search by the University of St. Catherine Board of Trustees when they were seeking the candidate to be named the 11th president. As an alumna of St. Kate’s, Ms. Roloff deeply understands and embodies the institution’s foundational principles of advanc-ing women’s education through the Catholic traditions of intellectual inquiry, social justice, and liberal arts. As a fellow alumna myself, I have no doubt that she will bring her deep passion, intelligence and leadership to this po-sition. The faculty, staff, and especially stu-dents of St. Catherine University will benefit from her caring guidance and stewardship of the institution that thrust her on to the path that would eventually lead her back home. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Ms. ReBecca Koenig Roloff, the 11th President of St. Catherine University in Saint Paul, Minnesota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.103 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1459 November 14, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO OPERATION RECOGNITION CLASS OF 2016 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in proud recognition of the Operation Recognition Class of 2016. Operation Recognition is a pro-gram organized by the Riverside County Of-fice of Education, with assistance from the Riverside County Department of Veteran’s Services, that presents diplomas to residents of Riverside County who missed completing high school due to military service in World War II, the Korean War, or the Vietnam War, or due to internment in WWII Japanese-Amer-ican relocation camps. Riverside County’s Operation Recognition is modeled after programs implemented in other states. Numerous county offices of education and school districts throughout California oper-ate similar programs. The programs are yet another way to express our appreciation and gratitude for the significant contributions and sacrifices made by our veterans. The Operation Recognition Class of 2016 includes: John Danahy, Wildomar, US Army, Vietnam War; James Milton Hannibal, Temecula, US Air Force, Vietnam War; Leon-ard W. Heiselt, Murrieta, US Navy, Vietnam War; James William Hicks, Cherry Valley, US Army, Vietnam War; Alvin C. Horn, Moreno Valley, US Air Force, Korean War; Edward Patrick Mata, Riverside, US Army, World War II (posthumously); Robert Navarro, Riverside, US Army, Korean War; Walter Schedler, Murrieta, US Army, World War II; and Tony M. Tovar, Riverside, US Army, Korean War. On behalf of all Riverside County residents and a grateful nation, I want to thank these veterans for their service to our country and congratulate them on being part of the Oper-ation Recognition Class of 2016. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ERNIE SMITH IN THE SECOND SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ernie Smith of Red Oak, Iowa, for being named by the Guinness Book of World Records as the oldest active pilot in the world. Ernie has been a licensed pilot since Sep-tember 15, 1942. For the past 74 years, local friends have known that, if you cannot find Ernie nearby, he is probably up in the sky. In January 2016, Red Oak Airport Manager Kevin McGrew and other community leaders nominated him for the distinction of ‘‘oldest ac-tive pilot in the world.’’ Later this spring, they videotaped a flight to authenticate his activity in the air. The official pronouncement from the Guinness Book of World Records came re-cently, confirming that Ernie Smith, 98, is offi-cially ‘‘the oldest active pilot in the world,’’ soaring beyond the previous record by five years. Ernie told Omaha, Nebraska-based KMTV- TV last December why he likes to fly: ‘‘I say, well, I don’t know how to tell you, but you come out some morning before daylight and go out and watch that sun come up over the horizon and you’ll have your answer.’’ Ernie still flies in a rented plane, usually two times a week. He even braved foggy weather condi-tions to celebrate his 98th birthday in the sky last December. Mr. Speaker, it is because of Iowans like Ernie that I’m proud to represent our great state in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
RETIREMENT OF ASSISTANT AD-JUTANT GENERAL, MAJOR GEN-ERAL ALLEN E. BREWER OF MIS-SISSIPPI 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Major General Allen E. Brewer, the Assistant Adjutant General of Mississippi, for his service in the National Guard. He will retire his time in uniform after 37 years of loyal serv-ice to Mississippi and the United States. Major General Brewer was appointed Assistant Adju-tant General—Army, in October 2015. As the Assistant Adjutant General, he has guided the formulation, development and implementation of all programs and policies affecting the Mis-sissippi Army National Guard and its nearly 10,000 Citizen Soldiers. Beginning his service in July of 1979, Major General Brewer distinguished himself through exceptional meritorious service while per-forming in many positions of responsibility, cul-minating as The Assistant Adjutant General for the State of Mississippi. Major General Brewer demonstrated his professionalism, and a God- given gift for leadership while serving the Mis-sissippi National Guard. He was selected as the Deputy Chief of Staff, Operations/G3 for the Mississippi National Guard. Due to his ex-ceptional performance in readiness and plan-ning, he was selected as Commander, Special Operations Detachment South where he was responsible for all aspects of a Special Oper-ations Headquarters functions and com-manded the unit during combat operations in Afghanistan in 2012. During his command in Special Forces, Major General Brewer was requested by name to serve as the Land Component Commander for the 3RD Air Force—Blue Flag 10–1 exer-cise at Hurlburt Field, FL. His vast experience of producing results led to his election as na-tional chairman for the Special Operations Ad-visory Committee. Major General Brewer’s exemplary service in positions of increasing responsibility led to his selection as the Director of the Joint Staff, Mississippi National Guard in July 2012 and a subsequent promotion to Brigadier General. Major General Brewer supervised and directed the Mississippi Army National Guard’s accom-plishment and management of budgets and resources for many of the major Army Na-tional Guard Programs. His service to the Ad-jutant General as an advisor and counsel for the development of Joint Strategic Plans and Programs for Joint Training and Exercises was above reproach due to his extensive back-ground during his career. Receiving over 25 awards and honors in his time in the military, Major General Brewer’s service in a myriad of positions was instru-mental to the successes enjoyed by the Mis-sissippi National Guard units during numerous combat deployments and domestic responses. He passionately displayed hard work and dedication focusing on providing ready Sol-diers and units to the defense of the nation. Major General Brewer’s service and accom-plishments have had a positive and lasting im-pact on the Mississippi National Guard as well as the United States Army. I would like to extend my best wishes to Major General Allen E. Brewer upon his retire-ment from the Mississippi National Guard and future endeavors and a heartfelt thank you to him and his family for their service to this na-tion, and our state. f 
A TRIBUTE TO JULIE WALTERS IN THE SECOND SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Julie Wal-ters, of Villisca, Iowa, for being selected as a 2016 Women Impacting the Land award re-cipient. The Women Impacting the Land award showcases Iowa women for their contributions to managing farmland and livestock. Ms. Wal-ters is a farmer in addition to serving as the Page County Clerk of Court for 31 years. She has participated in Annie’s Project and Women Managing Cattle in 2010 and 2014. She is constantly learning about her family’s cattle operation and making changes to im-prove their farm’s productivity. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Julie Wal-ters demonstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s talents and improving themselves and their business through education. Her efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Julie for her achievements and wish her nothing but continued success. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 60TH ANNI-VERSARY OF MANGOLD FORD IN EUREKA, IL 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commemorate Mike Mangold and Mangold Ford, in Eureka, Illinois, for 60 years of out-standing service to our community. Charles and Mary Mangold first opened the doors of Mangold Ford in 1956 with the inten-tion of providing quality service based on Christian principles. Because of their faith and acumen, their dealership now employs over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.108 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1460 November 14, 2016 
thirty dedicated employees varying from man-agement, front office, and service teams who work tirelessly to ensure the utmost customer satisfaction. The employees at Mangold Ford, throughout its history, continue to make car buying an en-joyable experience for all customers. For the past thirteen consecutive years, Mangold Ford has been awarded the President’s Award, an honor given to dealerships that have a con-sistent record of customer satisfaction and high-quality service. Beyond exceptional serv-ice, Mangold Ford has also played a signifi-cant philanthropic role in our community, par-taking in and contributing to many local chari-table events. I am thankful that America has been a country where hard-working families with a vi-sion, such as the Mangold’s, can grow their small business, employ others, and impact their community in a positive manner. I extend my sincere congratulations to Mr. Mike Mangold, his family, and the staff of Mangold Ford on an outstanding sixty years and I wish them sixty more prosperous years. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE 2016 NODAWAY VALLEY BOYS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Nodaway Valley High School Boys Cross Country team for winning the Iowa Class 1A State Cross Country Championship for two consecutive years. I would like to congratulate each member of the team: Runners: Shane Breheny, Tyler Breheny, Matthew Dickinson, Brayten Funke, Dallas Kreager, Skyler Rawlings, Brycen Wallace, Joel Blazek Head Coach: Darrell Burmeister Assistant Coaches: Dave Swanson, Phyllis Eshelman, Alyse Dreher Mr. Speaker, the two-year-long success of this team validates the rewards of hard work, perseverance, and teamwork. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating the entire team for another successful season and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
COMMEMORATING TRI-VALLEY EL-EMENTARY SCHOOL FOR RECEIV-ING THE NATIONAL BLUE RIB-BON 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor Tri-Valley Elementary School in Downs, Illinois for receiving the U.S. Depart-ment of Education National Blue Ribbon. Since 1982, the U.S. Department of Edu-cation has awarded the Blue Ribbon to schools across the country based on their overall academic excellence. This year, 329 schools in the nation were awarded the Na-tional Blue Ribbon, including Tri-Valley Ele-mentary School in Illinois’ 18th District. Tri-Val-ley prides itself on their academic excellence and a proactive student body. The school of-fers a variety of clubs, intramural sports, and volunteer opportunities for its students, faculty, and parents. Additionally, Tri-Valley Elementary School has been awarded the Illinois State Board of Education Academic Excellence Award every year since the mid-2000’s. Led by Principal Sara Burnett, the faculty has developed an ef-fective curriculum to meet the academic needs of all students. Beginning in Pre-K, students at Tri-Valley develop the skills necessary to be-come life-long learners. It is an honor to represent the students, fac-ulty, and administrators at Tri-Valley Elemen-tary School. Their dedication to education, and their students, makes them a deserving recipi-ent of the National Blue Ribbon, and more im-portantly, an example for schools all across the nation. f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE VAN GELDER FAMILY IN THE SECOND SES-SION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate The Van Gelder Family of Creston, Iowa, for being hon-ored with the Pork All-American Award from the Iowa Pork Producers Association (IPPA). Since 1970, the All-American Award is the highest honor of the Iowa Pork Producers As-sociation awards, requiring the producer to be under the age of 40 and recognized as a Mas-ter Pork Producer. Brad Van Gelder and his wife, Terri, have operated their 4,000-head op-eration for 17 years, currently serving 50 local barns. They apply 14 million gallons of ma-nure annually to customers through his ma-nure application business. The wean-to-finish operation prides itself on providing a com-fortable, ventilated environment for the pigs, as well as a high level of bio-security for the health of the pigs and the employees who oversee them. The Van Gelder family is com-mitted to conservation, using low disturbance application toolbars on their manure equip-ment, and maintaining a majority of their 820 row crops acres as no-till. The Van Gelders are equally active in their community. With their two daughters, Alison and Morgan, they keep busy through their in-volvement in church, school, 4–H, the Union County Pork Producers, IPPA Youth Com-mittee, as well as the Iowa Pork Tent Com-mittee at the Iowa State Fair. Brad also serves as the Union County Fair Board President with his daughters showing cattle each year. I congratulate the Van Gelders on earning this coveted award and for their dedication and commitment to Iowa agriculture. Their ef-forts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them in the United States Con-gress. I urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the Brad and Terri Van Gelder family. COMMEMORATING EXECUTIVE DI-RECTOR JERRY TRECEK OF PEO-RIA RESCUE MINISTRIES HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor Reverend Jerry Trecek for his work as the Executive Director of Peoria Rescue Min-istries for the past 45 years. As Executive Director, Rev. Trecek over-sees the five divisions of Peoria Rescue Min-istries, which include Peoria Rescue Mission, Victory Acres, Barnabas Center, Women’s Pregnancy Center and Esther House. Peoria Rescue Ministries also supports international ministries in Latvia and the Ukraine, reaching beyond our border. Rev. Trecek has played an equally active role serving on the Board of Di-rectors of these international ministries. With many professional and community service af-filiations, Rev. Trecek remains an active part of the Peoria area community. In 1968, Rev. Trecek and his wife, Barbara, founded the Peoria Rescue Mission, where today they provide shelter, food, and a warm bed to nearly one hundred men each night. Under the leadership of Rev. Trecek, the orga-nization has expanded from a single rescue mission facility to a thriving 3 million dollar ministry serving the men, women, and children of Central Illinois. Through community donations and the guid-ance of Rev. Trecek, Peoria Rescue Ministries housed 27,965 guests who were without shel-ter and served 70,737 meals to the hungry in 2015. More importantly, the ministry com-mitted or rededicated 626 individuals in our community to Christ. In the words of Rev. Trecek, ‘‘My main goal is to introduce people to the saving grace found in Jesus Christ.’’ I would like to acknowledge Rev. Trecek’s remarkable tenure as Executive Director of Peoria Rescue Ministries. Rev. Trecek’s dedi-cation to the Peoria Rescue Ministries has set a true example of community leadership and what it means to lead as the Lord leads day by day. It is an honor to represent such a charitable organization and I wish the best of luck to Rev. Jerry Trecek as he takes on the role of Director Emeritus focusing on the inter-national ministries. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE PERRY LU-THERAN HOME IN THE SECOND SESSION OF THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Perry Lutheran Home in Perry, Iowa, as it celebrates its 60th anniversary this year. With the help of the Lutheran Home for the Aged Association, the Perry Lutheran Home was opened in 1956 in the former Dallas County Hospital building. Over the years, the Home has continued to expand to better serve those who needed its care. Their mission re-mains constant: ‘‘to treat each resident and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.112 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1461 November 14, 2016 
tenant with respect in a cheerful, loving atmos-phere that will encourage a positive attitude among and between those who are served and those who do the serving.’’ Though 60 years can change any organization, the care and compassion of the staff of the Perry Lu-theran Home has never wavered. Our commu-nities are stronger because of the Perry Lu-theran Home. I am confident that it will con-tinue that excellence for another 60 years. I thank The Perry Lutheran Home for their 60 years of service and know my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NADINE WHITTED ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Nadine Whitted on her retire-ment. Nadine is retiring from serving as the District Manager of Community Board 4 in Bushwick, a New York City agency estab-lished to identify the needs of our community and advocate through city government to meet those requirements. In her role, she was a strong voice for local residents, community groups, small business and more. Nadine worked closely with community board mem-bers to ensure that recommended policies, capital and expense budget priorities were ad-dressed by City government. Born in Brooklyn, Nadine is the second child born to Rose Rucker and Emerson Whitted. Receiving an award for Outstanding Service to the Senior Class Graduating of Bushwick High School in 1972 officially accentuated the be-ginning of her love of service delivery and la-boring on the behalf of others. She attended Brooklyn College for four years majoring in Education. In 1977, during the NYC fiscal cri-sis, Nadine applied for a position at Brooklyn Community Board #4 and was hired as an Ad-ministrative Aide approximately three days prior to the Black Out of July 1977. Within two years she was elevated to the position of Assistant District Manager; under this new title she began attending more meet-ings with the community, city agencies, elect-ed public officials and organizations. The neighborhood’s distinction as the poorest com-munity district in the city fueled Nadine to work harder and advocate with passion and persist-ence for the residents. In 1986 Nadine was given the opportunity to become District Manager and after much con-sideration and prompting by many community board members and other leaders Nadine ac-cepted the position gladly. She served under the direction and leadership of Ms. Julie Dent—Chairperson of Community Board #4 and its members. Nadine is retiring after faithfully and profes-sionally serving the community for over 40 years. Nadine has a wealth of knowledge and ex-perience that will surely be missed by all who have had the pleasure to work with her, but I am certain that she is looking forward to this exciting next chapter in her life. I thank Nadine Whitted for her community service and longtime dedication to not only Brooklyn, but the city of New York. I wish her all the best and congratulate her on her retire-ment. f 
A TRIBUTE TO MARGARET FLETCHALL IN THE SECOND SESSION OF THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Mar-garet Fletchall on the occasion of her 103rd birthday. She celebrated this life achievement on October 31, 2016. Our world has changed greatly during the course of Margaret’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Margaret has lived through 17 United States Presidents and 24 Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the popu-lation of the United States has more than tri-pled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Margaret Fletchall in the United States Con-gress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 103rd birthday. I invite my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Margaret on reaching this in-credible milestone. We wish her continued good health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE PERRY GOLF AND COUNTRY CLUB IN THE SECOND SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Perry Golf and Country Club in Perry, Iowa, for cele-brating its 100th year in business this year. The Perry Golf and Country Club was founded in 1916, and for a century has given Perry area golfers a place to not only play the game they love, but enjoy time with friends and family as well. In 1916, there was a suit-able meadow south of Perry where the local farm owner allowed the golfers to use the field rent-free. Stories are told of men and women, young and old, enjoying their search for a lost golf ball in the open field. But a few years later, when that particular field was to be planted with Iowa corn, the golfers realized they needed to find a permanent location. Thus, the Perry Golf and Country Club was formally established. In 1923, the original Clubhouse burnt to the ground and all posses-sions were lost in the fire. A new facility was built in 1924 and the resolve of the Club mem-bership to play another round continues to grow stronger. The Perry Golf and Country Club has served the community in a wide range of events, from individual players to groups of all sizes, tournaments, high school golf meets, community members, and organizational fund-raisers. The course has also been witness to many holes-in-one, including one skilled local golfer who has had the distinction of making a hole-in-one a miraculous five times. I know my colleagues in the United States Congress join me in congratulating the Perry Golf and Country Club for its 100 years in golfing recreation. I consider it an honor to represent its members in the United States House of Representatives, and I wish the club nothing but continued success. f 
A TRIBUTE TO MOUNT AYR PUB-LIC LIBRARY IN THE SECOND SESSION OF THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Mount Ayr Public Li-brary in Mount Ayr, Iowa, for celebrating its 100-year anniversary. This is an important milestone in its history of service to the city of Mount Ayr and the surrounding communities. On September 29, 1913, Mount Ayr citizens met to discuss creating a library in Mount Ayr. Historical records state: ‘‘On June 15, 1915, the idea of constructing a building was sub-mitted to a vote of the people. The result of the vote showed that the women were more interested in obtaining the library than the men, as the vote of the women being 212 for, 68 against and the men’s vote 180 for to 122 against.’’ An application was made to the Car-negie Foundation and an $8,000 grant was re-ceived to proceed. The women of the commu-nity took on additional fundraising efforts to complete the building at a cost of $10,349.85. The funds were allocated for lighting, furniture, book shelves, outdoor landscaping, service fees and constructing an addition to the build-ing. In September 1916, the cornerstone of the new library was laid. Over the last century, the Mount Ayr Public Library has successfully met the needs of the community by providing excellent care and necessary services. It serves as a gathering place to develop the interests and imagination of the community. It is an honor to represent the library employees and volunteers in the United States Congress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating the Mount Ayr Public Library on this historic anniversary, and in wishing it nothing but continued success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE STEVE AND CHANTELLE JENNETT FAMILY IN THE SECOND SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Steve and Chantelle Jennett family of Blockton, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.117 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1462 November 14, 2016 
Iowa, for being recognized as 2016 Way We Live Award winners at the Iowa State Fair. The Way We Live Award recognizes Iowa families for their hard work and love of farm-ing. Steve began farming with his father in 1989, and after marrying Chantelle, they pur-chased more farmland where they have raised their three children. Their farm enterprise in-cludes row crops, hogs finishing, and broiler chickens. Each family member helps with the daily chores and they are also involved in Pork Producers and Taylor County 4–H, among many other community activities. Mr. Speaker, the example set by the Jennett family demonstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s talents and sharing them with the world. Their hard work embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating the Steve and Chantelle Jennett family for their achievements and wish them nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO BEDFORD LIONS CLUB IN THE SECOND SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Lions Club of Bedford, Iowa, for celebrating 70 years of service to the community. The Bedford Lions Club was chartered in October 1946 and has since faithfully served Bedford and the surrounding area. One of their outstanding projects occurred in 1975, when the club was instrumental in making the Northside Apartment complex a reality. They completed a door-to-door canvas and raised the funds to get the project underway with matching funds. They currently raise money throughout the community for organizations such as the Bedford Fire Department, Tinker Tots Preschool, Bedford Food Pantry, the school backpack program, and many more. This organization has a strong number of community members and multiple plans for fu-ture projects to benefit Bedford, Iowa, and its citizens. I know that my colleagues in the United States Congress join me in commending the Bedford Lions Club for serving Bedford, Iowa, for 70 years. I consider it an honor to rep-resent the club members in Congress. I thank the Lions Club for their service in the commu-nity and wish them nothing but the best in all their future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.122 E14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1030 Monday, November 14, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 5:30:48 p.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 5:31:21 p.m., until 4 p.m., on Tuesday, November 15, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6297–6314 and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 171; and H. Res. 922–924 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H6178–79 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6179–81 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1192, to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and co-ordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabe-tes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–801); H.R. 1209, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–802); H.R. 2713, to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–803); H.R. 4365, to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency med-ical services, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–804, Part 1); H.R. 2566, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communica-tions and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimi-nation among areas of the United States in the deliv-ery of such communications, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–805); H.R. 2669, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provi-sion of inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–806); H.R. 4937, to amend title 49, United States Code, to reauthorize pipeline safety programs and enhance pipeline safety, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–807, Part 1); S. 546, to establish the Railroad Emergency Serv-ices Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–808); H.R. 5458, to provide for coordination between the TRICARE program and eligibility for making contributions to a health savings account, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–809, Part 1); H.R. 5711, to prohibit the Secretary of the Treas-ury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–810); H.R. 4150, to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to modify the hours of employment of physicians and physician assistants employed on a full-time basis by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO6.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1031 November 14, 2016 
the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–811); H.R. 4757, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, mark-ers, and medallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in pri-vate cemeteries, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–812); H.R. 5047, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs and the Secretary of Labor to provide informa-tion to veterans and members of the Armed Forces about articulation agreements between institutions of higher learning, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–813); H.R. 5099, to establish a pilot program on part-nership agreements to construct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–814); H.R. 5399, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report to State licensing authorities impaired, incompetent, and unethical health care activities (H. Rept. 114–815); H.R. 5428, to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to authorize spouses of servicemembers to elect to use the same residences as the servicemembers (H. Rept. 114–816); H.R. 5600, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy technology to veterans, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–817); H. Res. 921, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5711) to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the ex-port or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from No-vember 18, 2016, through November 28, 2016 (H. Rept. 114–818); H.R. 5715, to prohibit the Export-Import Bank of the United States from providing financing that would benefit Iran, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–819); H.R. 2333, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–820); H.R. 5984, to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–821); S. 3028, to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness (H. Rept. 114–822); H.R. 5341, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for recalculation of basic annuity benefits for certain air traffic controllers, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–823); H.R. 2532, to amend title 5, United States Code, to enhance the authority under which Federal agen-cies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclosures, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–824); and H.R. 6009, to ensure the effective processing of mail by Federal agencies, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–825).
                                                 Pages H6177–78 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Collins (NY) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H6111 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act: H.R. 1192, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective imple-mentation and coordination of clinical care for peo-ple with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic dis-eases and conditions that result from diabetes; 
                                                                                    Pages H6113–15 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with a complex metabolic or auto-immune disease, a disease resulting from insulin de-ficiency or insulin resistance, or complications caused by such a disease, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H6115 
Improving Access to Maternity Care Act: H.R. 1209, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas;
             Pages H6115–17 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health profes-sional shortage areas identified as in need of mater-nity care health services.’’.
                                    Page H6117 
Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act: H.R. 2713, amended, to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced edu-cation nursing grants to support clinical nurse spe-cialist programs;
                                                 Pages H6117–18 
Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medica-tions Act of 2016: H.R. 4365, amended, to amend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO6.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1032 November 14, 2016 
the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services; 
                                                                                    Pages H6118–20 
Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act: H.R. 985, amended, to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to estab-lish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 355 yeas to 38 nays, Roll No. 575;
               Pages H6120–26, H6132–33 
Outdoor Recreation’s Economic Contributions Act of 2016: H.R. 4665, amended, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States;
                                                      Pages H6126–27 
Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act: H.R. 2566, amended, to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or un-reasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6127–29 
Anti-Spoofing Act: H.R. 2669, amended, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of inaccurate caller identification information, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 382 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 576. 
                                                                Pages H6129–32, H6135–36 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Communications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of mis-leading or inaccurate caller identification informa-tion, and for other purposes.’’.
                            Page H6136 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:45 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H6132 
Oath of Office—First Congressional District of Hawaii: Representative-elect Colleen Wakako Hanabusa presented herself in the well of the House and was administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Earlier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a scanned copy of a letter received from Mr. Scott T. Nago, Chief Election Officer, State of Hawaii, in-dicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 8, 2016, the Honorable Colleen Wakako Hanabusa was elected Representative to Congress for the First Congres-sional District, State of Hawaii.
                 Pages H6133–34 
Oath of Office—First Congressional District of Kentucky: Representative-elect James Comer pre-sented himself in the well of the House and was ad-ministered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a scanned copy of a letter received from Ms. Mary Sue Helm, Executive Director, Kentucky Office of Elections, in-dicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 8, 2016, the Honorable James Comer was elected Representative to Congress for the First Congressional District, Commonwealth of Kentucky.                     Pages H6133–34 
Oath of Office—Second Congressional District of Pennsylvania: Representative-elect Dwight Evans presented himself in the well of the House and was administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a scanned copy of a letter received from Jonathan Marks, Com-missioner, Bureau Commissions, Elections and Legis-lation, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Spe-cial Election held November 8, 2016, the Honorable Dwight Evans was elected Representative to Con-gress for the Second Congressional District, Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania.
                         Pages H6133–34 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentlewoman from Hawaii and the gentlemen from Kentucky and Pennsylvania, the whole number of the House is 435.
        Page H6135 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 5, 2016, regarding morning-hour debate not apply tomorrow. 
                                                                                            Page H6136 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H6112–13. Senate Referrals: S. 2959 was referred to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. S. Con. Res. 55 was held at the desk. S. 2360 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H6150 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6132–33 and H6135–36. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 9:25 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
A BILL TO PROHIBIT THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHORIZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS BY A U.S. FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXPORT OR RE-EXPORT OF A COMMERCIAL PASSENGER AIRCRAFT TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN; MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT OF 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5711, to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO6.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1033 November 14, 2016 
from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. fi-nancial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; and H.R. 5982, the ‘‘Mid-night Rules Relief Act of 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–2, a structured rule for H.R. 5711. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–66 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member des-ignated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Addition-ally, the rule grants a structured rule for H.R. 5982. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only the amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. In section 3, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from No-vember 18, 2016, through November 28, 2016: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. Finally, in section 4, the rule pro-vides that the Speaker may appoint Members to per-form the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 3. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Hensarling, and Representatives Johnson of Georgia, and Heck of Washington. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Robert G. Taub, of New York, and Mark D. Acton, of Ken-tucky, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regu-latory Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Self-Driving Cars’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the SEC’s Agenda, Operations, and FY 2018 Budget Request’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, markup on a supplemental funding resolution of original jurisdiction, 5 p.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5718, the ‘‘Central Wasatch Na-tional Conservation and Recreation Area Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on H.R. 866, the ‘‘Federal Land Freedom Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1484, the ‘‘Honor the Nevada Enabling Act of 1864 Act’’, 11:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1219, the ‘‘Arbuckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Con-veyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3711, the ‘‘Chicano Park Preservation Act’’; H.R. 4366, the ‘‘San Luis Unit Drain-age Resolution Act’’; and H.R. 5633, the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act’’, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Secret Service’’, 10:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activi-ties’’, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on nuclear pollution in the Arctic, 3:30 p.m., 2325, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO6.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1034 November 14, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Tuesday, November 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of H.R. 4511, Gold Star Fami-lies Voices Act, and vote on passage of the bill at ap-proximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Tuesday, November 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1441 Barton, Joe, Tex., E1432 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1447 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1432, E1443, E1450 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1434, E1457, E1458 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1444 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1434, E1436, E1439, E1440, E1442 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1452 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1453, E1455 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1429 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1457, E1459 Capps, Lois, Calif., E1430 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E1439 Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E1446 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E1453 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1444, E1448, E1450 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1454, E1456, E1457 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1436 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E1439, E1444, E1448 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1435, E1438 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1430 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1431, E1440 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1435, E1437, E1441, E1444 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1443, E1448 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1438, E1440 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1442 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1433, E1435, E1443, E1445, E1447 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1444, E1451, E1455 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1458 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1437 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1431 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1459, E1460, E1460 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1438 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1429 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E1436 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1437, E1438, E1440, E1444, E1445, E1447, E1449 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1456, E1458 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1434, E1441, E1447 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1446, E1449, E1452, E1453, E1455 Neugebauer, Randy, Tex., E1432 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1433 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1446, E1449, E1450, E1452, E1453 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E1459 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1458 Ribble, Reid J. E1445 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1430 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1454, E1456, E1457, E1458 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1451, E1452, E1453, E1454 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E1446, E1451 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1439, E1446 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1435, E1441 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1435 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1456 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1437, E1441, E1445, E1448, E1450 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1461 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1429, E1430, E1431, E1432, E1433, E1434 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1451 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E1454 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1449 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1455, E1457 Young, David, Iowa, E1459, E1459, E1460, E1460, E1460, E1461, E1461, E1461, E1461, E1462 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14NO6.REC D14NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST