Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6931 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2016 No. 178 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, December 12, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
Senate 
FRIDAY , DECEMBER 9, 2016 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Great and eternal God, we refuse to forget Your generous blessings that bring joy to our lives. You satisfy us with good things in every season. We particularly thank You for the laud-able life of former Senator John Glenn. Lord, You have not dealt with us ac-cording to our sins. Continue to sus-tain our lawmakers. Remind them that their days are like grass, which flour-ishes and then disappears. May they find sustenance in Your steadfast love, striving to please You in all they do. Give them the wisdom of a reverential awe that will trust the unfolding of Your majestic providence even when they do not understand Your move-ments. Lord, we thank You for the faithful service through the decades of Your servant, Senator H
ARRY REID. As he prepares to transition from the legisla-tive branch, give to him and his be-loved Landra fair winds and following seas. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN GLENN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, we were saddened yesterday to learn of the passing of one of the most iconic figures of the 20th century, John Glenn. He described his childhood as being like something out of a Norman Rockwell painting, but as we all know, his life was anything but ordinary. This smalltown boy from New Concord, OH, came a long way and lived a full life, one that touched many and will not soon be forgotten. Elaine and I send our condolences to his wife Annie and the rest of the Glenn family. 
f 
LEGISLATION BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, yesterday the House passed a con-tinuing resolution on a very large bi-partisan basis, with more than three- fourths voting in its favor. Let me repeat that. Three-fourths, a majority of both parties, voted for the legislation needed to keep the govern-ment open. While some Senate Demo-crats may want to delay into a govern-ment shutdown, House Democrats overwhelmingly rejected that ap-proach. The funding in this CR is critical to our Nation’s defense. It supports over-seas operations, the fight against ISIL, and our forces in Afghanistan. It pro-vides resources to begin implementing the medical innovation bill we passed earlier this week and to start bringing relief to victims of severe flooding across our country, and of course it in-cludes provisions that will guarantee that retired coal miners in Kentucky— in Kentucky—and other States will not lose their health benefits at the end of this month. Would I have preferred that provision to be more generous? Of course I would have. My request to the House was to fund it for a full year, but we will be back at it in April, and I think it is highly unlikely that we will take it away—just as I would have pre-ferred that so many miners’ places of employment hadn’t been driven into bankruptcy in recent years, which as we all know is due in no small part to President Obama, his policies, and the overwhelming majority of Senate Democrats who support all those poli-cies that have been a huge factor in creating the dilemma we have in coal country in Ohio, Kentucky, West Vir-ginia. Most of the Senate Democrats support the war on coal. It has been my intention that the miner health benefits not expire at the end of April next year. As I just said, I am going to work with my colleagues to prevent that, but this is a good time to take yes for an answer. We should pass the CR without delay because if we don’t pass the CR, the health bene-fits will go away at the end of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.000 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6932 December 9, 2016 
month. The House is gone. They are through for this session. Failure to pass this legislation means delaying funding for our troops over-seas. Failure to pass this means delay-ing funding for Flint, MI. I promised Senator S
TABENOW we would deal with that issue, and we have, in the WRDA bill and the CR that are here, having passed the House. Failure to pass this legislation means delaying funding for storm recovery in many of our States, and of course failure to pass this legis-lation means creating a shutdown of the government. Over what? We have funded health care for miners through the end of April. We have funding in here for the opioid crisis and a whole lot of other things that Senators say they care about. They want to shut the government down to stop this? Really. It hardly makes sense to me. In fact, passing this CR guarantees that health care will be there for miners through the end of April. It guarantees it. Fail-ure to pass it guarantees it goes away at the end of the month. I think it is time to get serious. I think we all don’t want any of these consequences to come about. The thing to do is to pass this continuing resolu-tion. After we pass that, we will turn to the water resources development bill. The House overwhelmingly passed the bipartisan water resources develop-ment bill as well, with more than three-fourths in its favor. It was over-whelming on both sides of the aisle. Now it is our turn to act. Remember, this bill supports waterways, infra-structure, enhances commerce, and maintains American ecosystems. It also authorizes spending in the con-tinuing resolution, which will help families in Flint. Flint is in both of these bills. These are the folks who have been impacted by the drinking water crisis. We will have a vote on WRDA after the CR has been approved. I encourage my colleagues to work together now so we can pass both of these as soon as possible. It strikes me that delay is not a solution to any of these problems I have outlined. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN GLENN Mr. REID. Madam President, our Na-tion and the world lost a historic figure yesterday, a legend, John Glenn. As a relatively new Senator, I had the good fortune to take a trip with him. He led the trip with Ted Stevens of Alaska. It was a wonderful trip. We were in Austria. The Iron Curtain was down. We went into Czechoslovakia and had all the Russian soldiers check-ing the train. They had dogs. But around the world, everyone knew that John Glenn was leading that trip, and a number—three, to be exact—of the soldiers, when none of the others were looking, asked if he would auto-graph for them just a piece of paper they had, and he did that. Everyplace we went, in Poland—we were all Sen-ators, but there was only one John Glenn. Everyplace we went, he was be-loved. He really was an icon. In reading the morning newspaper, I was disappointed it had a headline, John Glenn known for his space ex-ploits. John Glenn was known for far more than that. Of course, he was our first to circumvent the globe. He told all of us he wore that space capsule, it was so small. In all the news last night, it showed him climbing into that. If you were claustrophobic, you could not get in that, it was so tight. He could reach out and touch both sides of it. Here this great aviator told me and whoever else was listening that when that came down in the ocean, if they had waited another minute to pick him up, he would have had to throw up. Here was a guy who never got sick any time, but he was getting sick then. I have so many fond memories of John Glenn. He was so nice to me, as he was nice to everyone. He was an ace in World War II, a fighter pilot. He was an ace in the Korean conflict. I think he had 90 missions there. This may upset some people, but it is a fact of war—war is tough. We were having a debate here on napalm, and someone asked John Glenn: Did you ever use that in World War II? He said: Yes, we did. When would you decide to drop your load? He said: When we could see the whites of the eyes on the people on the ground. That was John Glenn. He was so thoughtful of everyone else—but a sol-dier, a marine, a pilot. He held that record for flying across the United States faster than anyone else. He was known by far more than his space ex-ploits. He served in the Senate for 24 years. In all the years I have been here, no one in the Senate had more respect than John Glenn. His story is legendary. He and Annie, who is a wonderful woman, knew each other when they were little kids, first and second graders. That was a love af-fair that was ongoing forever. To show the strength of this woman, we only had to look at what happened yester-day after John passed away. She is 96 years old, and she was worried about people coming to her home—with John having died and well-wishers coming— so she went grocery shopping so she would have food in her home when peo-ple came to visit. As a child, Annie was stricken with an inability to speak. She stammered so that no one could hear her—they could hear her, but they couldn’t un-derstand her. As she was growing up, John Glenn was her mouthpiece. He would take her phone calls because she couldn’t talk on the phone, but she overcame that and became the Annie Glenn we all know who speaks very well. I am not going to go over the list of his many awards. The Distinguished Flying Cross is really a big deal in the military. He was awarded one six times. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that a listing of the many awards he received, including the Con-gressional Gold Medal, be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Distinguished Flying Cross, six different times, Navy Unit Commendation for service in Korea, The Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal, The American Campaign Medal, The World War II Victory Medal, The China Service Medal, The National Defense Service Medal, The Korean Service Medal, The United Nations Service Medal, The Korean Presidential Unit Citation, The Navy’s Astronaut Wings, The Marine Corps’ Astronaut Medal, The NASA Distinguished Service Medal, The Congressional Space Medal of Honor, The Congressional Gold Medal, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, after a quarter of a century, Senator Glenn left the Senate, and here is what he said: ‘‘Yeah, I’ll miss it, sure. But you move on to other things. That’s it.’’ That was John Glenn. He moved on to other things. Until a couple of years ago, he flew his own airplane. When he was a Mem-ber of the Senate, he flew back to Co-lumbus, OH. I think that is where he went. Every time he wanted to go, he didn’t take commercial; he flew his own airplane. So I express my condolences to Annie. I admire the inspiration she has been to everybody who has ever known her. Of course, John Glenn, I repeat, is an icon of the Senate, an icon of the military, an icon of the space program, an icon in life, and a wonderful human being. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 2028, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
House Message to accompany H.R. 2028, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.002 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6933 December 9, 2016 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell amend-ment No. 5139, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5140 (to amend-ment No. 5139), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McCon-nell amendment No. 5141, to change the en-actment date. McConnell amendment No. 5142 (the in-structions (amendment No. 5141) of the mo-tion to refer), of a perfecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 5143 (to amend-ment No. 5142), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. 
REMEMBERING JOHN GLENN  
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I wish to join in and echo the comments of the Democratic leader, Senator R
EID, about the passing of John Glenn. I was just in high school when he was the famous astronaut who risked his life to prove that we could move for-ward in the space program. It wasn’t just an achievement that came to science. It was an achievement Amer-ica was hungry for. We were so afraid, after launching the Sputnik and two Russian cosmo-nauts, that we were falling behind in the space race. All of the astronauts, especially John Glenn, risked their lives to move us forward in the space program that ultimately landed a man on the Moon. I read this morning in the obituary columns about the risk that was at-tendant to this launch after it was scrubbed over and over because of me-chanical problems and weather and the fact that 40 percent of the time the ef-forts to use this rocket had failed. Yet John Glenn put his life on the line in Friendship 7, in that tiny little capsule that was only 7 feet across and was launched into space. He almost died on the reentry when the tiles that were to protect him started failing and, as he termed it, there was a fireball as he came back into Earth. He made it. He was greeted with a hero’s welcome all across the United States, and he addressed a joint session of Congress. That was the man I knew. He was also the man who then volun-teered to come to Springfield, IL, in 1982 and campaign for me when I ran for Congress. I was just awestruck that this great man, this American hero and then a U.S. Senator, would take the time to come to my hometown and campaign for me. He did, and he was beloved. A large crowd gathered, cheer-ing him on, as they should have. I was just kind of background noise to the real arrival of the real American hero— John Glenn. Many years later, when I was elected to the Senate, I was lucky enough to serve with John Glenn for 2 years and be on his committee. He was the rank-ing Democrat, and Fred Thompson was the Republican chairman of that Ad-ministration Committee. We held some very controversial hearings under Chairman Thompson. John Glenn would sit there very quiet-ly, and I wondered if he was going to be outflanked by this trial lawyer, Fred Thompson, who was so gifted with his own oratory. But time and again, John Glenn rose to the occasion for our side of the aisle and did it in his own quiet, persuasive, Midwestern way. At the end of that 2-year period that I served with him when I first came to the Senate, he was launched again into space at age 76 or 77. He was the oldest astronaut and went up into space and came back safely. He always wanted to fly, whether it was his own beloved air-plane or whether it was a space cap-sule. He loved flight, and he made his-tory with his flights around the coun-try and, literally, around the Earth. We should remember that he risked his life, too, in airplanes for us. In World War II, he had some 59 combat missions in the Pacific, earning the distinguished Flying Cross and many other decorations. But that wasn’t the end of his service. When the Korean war started, he volunteered again and flew 90 combat missions there. Inter-esting footnote: His wingman in those Korean missions, at one point, was Ted Williams, the famous baseball player for the Boston Red Sox. His is such a storied career of what John Glenn gave to America, including restoring our faith in our own space program, risking his life to prove that we can move forward into space, and serving the State of Ohio and the Na-tion as a Senator for four terms. He was just an extraordinary man. We can’t mention John without men-tioning Annie, his wife of 73 years. They literally shared the same playpen when they were little toddlers. They grew up together in the same school. They got married at a very early age. It was a love affair that went on for decades. The two of them were insepa-rable. I am honored to have served with John Glenn. He truly did have the right stuff, time and again, to make America proud. (The remarks of Mr. D
URBIN per-taining to the introduction of S. 3542 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. (The remarks of Mr. D
AINES per-taining to the introduction of S. 3539 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
WRDA  
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, invasive mussels are wreaking havoc on our ecosystem in Montana. This is negatively impacting our economy, in-cluding our recreation and tourism in-dustries. Watercraft inspection stations are one of the most effective ways to stop the spread of these invasive species and to protect neighboring and distant bod-ies of water. I am working to ensure that the needed resources are deliv-ered. It is time to act now. TRIBUTE TO JESIKA WHITTLE  
Madam President, behind every Sen-ator is an extraordinary scheduler. Since 2012, I have had the privilege of having Jesika Whittle as my extraor-dinary scheduler. As one of the very first staff mem-bers I hired, Jesika has literally been with me from my very first day, and I could not have asked for a better per-son for the job or one more willing and prepared to help me serve the people of Montana. Jesika played a critical role in set-ting up our House freshman office, which is not an easy task, helping me to learn the ropes of where to go and sometimes where not to go. Undoubtedly, there were times when it felt like a thankless job, but I can assure you that the countless meetings scheduled, emails sent at all hours of the day and night, and gentle remind-ers to wrap up a meeting did not go without notice or appreciation. Her love for and dedication to her family shines through everything she does. It is this love and dedication that has propelled Jesika and her husband Zak to return to their native State of Washington. Knowing the joy this will bring Jesika and her family makes the bitter pill of losing her easier to swal-low, but only slightly. There isn’t a member of my staff who has not benefited somehow from Jesika, whether it is a reassuring word, a baked good, or sage advice that per-haps she lifted from Star Wars. Speak-ing of Star Wars, I would say that Jesika has the wisdom of Yoda, the work ethic of Luke Skywalker, and the class of Princess Leia. Because of her, our staff is more than an odd assort-ment of public servants. We are a fam-ily, and this Senate family will sorely miss the extraordinary Jesika Whittle. Jesika, thank you for everything. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
CUBA  
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, the election of Donald Trump as our next President has ignited a rash of specula-tion about the future of U.S. policy to-ward Cuba. What we know is that the President- elect has said contradictory things about President Obama’s decision to resume diplomatic relations with Cuba, as he has about some other issues. Among other things, he has tweeted that he plans to reverse the Obama ad-ministration’s regulatory changes re-laxing restrictions on U.S. engagement with Cuba unless the Cuban Govern-ment agrees to a ‘‘better deal.’’ Despite that, we don’t actually know what he will do. I hope, before making a decision, he listens to advocates on both sides of the issue, including Cuban-Americans, a growing majority of whom support the resumption of dip-lomatic relations. As someone who has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.020 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6934 December 9, 2016 
traveled to Cuba many times and seen firsthand the benefits of the policy of engagement for both the Cuban people and the American people, I will do whatever I can to encourage the Presi-dent-elect to continue that policy. The decision to resume diplomatic relations has been enthusiastically supported here and around the world. One of our closest allies in South America—their Ambassador talked to my wife Marcelle and me the day our flag went up for the first time in over 50 years at our Embassy in Havana. He said: You know, our country has always strongly supported the United States. But we are also friends of Cuba, and the relationship between the United States and Cuba was always like a stone in our shoe. Today, when your flag went up over your Embassy, the stone came out of our shoe. The number of Americans who travel to Cuba has risen dramatically in the past two years. U.S. airline companies and cruise ships are carrying pas-sengers there. Hotel deals have been signed. But the same 5 Members of Con-gress—3 in the Senate, 2 in the House, of the 535 Members of the House and the Senate—these 5 Members have steadfastly opposed the new opening with Cuba. They continually say that the only Cubans who have benefited from the new opening are Raul Castro and the Cuban military. Of course the Cuban Government has benefited. That is unavoidable. It hap-pens in any country with state-owned enterprises with which we also have diplomatic and commercial relations. There are many like that. But it is false and misleading to say that they alone have benefited. In fact, the Cuban people, particularly Cuban en-trepreneurs, have benefited. So have the American people, and they over-whelmingly want this opening to con-tinue. I have met many times with Cuban Government officials. I have also met with Cuban dissidents who have been persecuted and imprisoned. No one is a stronger defender of democracy and human rights there than I am. I raised the issue of dissidents being impris-oned, first face-to-face with Fidel Cas-tro many years ago, and later with Raul Castro. Like President Obama, we all want the Cuban people to be able to express themselves freely and to choose their own leaders in a free and fair election. But I resent the assertions of those who remain wedded to the old, failed policy that to favor diplomatic relations is a form of appeasement to the Castro government. I am as outraged as anyone when Cu-bans who peacefully advocate for human rights and democracy are har-assed, threatened, arrested, and abused, just as I am when such viola-tions of human rights occur in other countries, including countries by gov-ernments whose armed forces and po-lice annually receive hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in U.S. aid. For 55 years we have tried the ap-proach of isolating and pressuring Cuba that is still advocated by a dwindling, albeit passionate, minority in Con-gress. That approach has failed miser-ably. The Castro family and their shrinking circle of aging revolution-aries are still in power. Cuba is still a country where political dissent is not tolerated. No one who knows the Castro govern-ment expected the resumption of diplo-matic relations to quickly result in an end to oppression of free elections. Those who label the policy of engage-ment a failure after just 2 years be-cause the Castro government continues to persecute its opponents are either naive or not to be taken seriously. Change in Cuba will happen incremen-tally, as it does in most countries. But I have no doubt that in a lot fewer than 55 years, the Cuban people have a lot more freedoms than they have had in the past 55 years. The record is indisputable. Bullying the Cuban Government and making threats and ultimatums have achieved nothing in more than half a century. In fact, it isolated the United States and damaged our own interests. Consider for a moment what it would mean if we did what these five Mem-bers of Congress advocate. Not only would we have no Embassy in Cuba, but to be consistent we would have to withdraw our Ambassadors and impose a unilateral embargo against China, Vietnam, Russia, Ethiopia, and many other countries where human rights are routinely violated, where political opponents and journalists and defend-ers of human rights are imprisoned and tortured, where there is no such thing as a fair trial, where civil society orga-nizations are threatened and harassed, and where dissent is severely punished. And when we withdraw, others will happily fill the vacuum, as they have in Cuba, which trades with countries around the world, including with many of our closest allies. In fact, I recall a meeting I had with the Ambassadors of at least a dozen European and Asian countries and with representatives of major companies from those countries. They told me: We love your embargo. Keep your embargo. Our companies can do business here and they don’t have to compete with American businesses. Is that what these isolationist Mem-bers of Congress want, or are they just concerned about human rights in Cuba? Would they rather have Cubans buy rice grown in China or in Louisiana? Would they rather have Cubans buy milk from New Zealand as they do now or from the United States? Would they prefer that China and Russia build ports and airports in Cuba while we lower the flag at our Embassy, pound our chest, and demand the Cuban Gov-ernment to relinquish power? That ar-gument is as illogical as it is incon-sistent. For 55 years, Americans have been free to travel anywhere—Iran, Russia, Vietnam, any country in the world— but not to Cuba, which is only 90 miles away. One of my fellow Senators, a Re-publican Senator, who has traveled often to Cuba, said: It is one thing if a Communist country tells me I cannot come to their country, but I don’t want my country telling me I can’t go there. Last year, more than half a million Americans visited Cuba. This year, the number is even higher. Even from my little State of Vermont, so many peo-ple just drive a few miles to the airport in Canada and fly down. These Mem-bers of Congress want to turn back the clock and make it a crime for Ameri-cans to travel to only one country in the world—Cuba. If North Korea will let you in, you can go there, but not to Cuba. If you go to Egypt, which is cracking down on dissent, that is fine, but not to Cuba. I could go on and on. Fortunately, more Republicans and Democrats in both the House and Sen-ate support the right of Americans to travel freely to Cuba, the right of U.S. farmers to sell their products on credit to Cuban buyers, and the rights of Cuban private entrepreneurs who are already benefiting directly from the new opening with the United States. They will benefit even more when the U.S. embargo—a failed, self-defeating, vindictive policy if there ever was one—has finally ended. I have talked with the Cuban owners of these private businesses. They say they are now able to make far more money than before because as things have opened up, as more Americans travel there, these businesses have ex-panded to meet the growing demand. Those who continue to defend the em-bargo should listen to these people. I hope the President-elect will listen to them. The purpose of a policy of engage-ment is to protect and defend the inter-ests of the United States and the American people and to promote our values and our products. Diplomatic re-lations is not a reward to a foreign gov-ernment; it is what we do to protect our own interests. Do the isolationists think our Embassy in Russia is a re-ward to President Putin, or that hav-ing an Ambassador in Moscow some-how conveys that we agree with Presi-dent Putin’s corrupt and repressive policies? Does anyone think that Rus-sia’s Embassy here in Washington is somehow a reward to the United States or to President Obama? Does anyone think the Cuban Government regards its Ambassador here as a reward to us? The United States has interests in every country, even if it is just to stand up for the rights of Americans who travel and study or work overseas. But there are many other reasons, such as promoting trade and investment, protecting national security, law en-forcement cooperation, and stopping the spread of contagious diseases. These are all in the interest of the United States but they are far harder to pursue without diplomatic relations. We either believe in the benefits of diplomacy or we don’t. We either em-power our diplomats or we don’t. Cuba, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.004 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6935 December 9, 2016 
after a year of difficult negotiations, agreed to reopen embassies. Americans are traveling to Cuba in record num-bers, including representatives of American companies, chambers of com-merce, and State and local government officials. Our two governments have signed new agreements paving the way for cooperation on a wide range of issues, from the resumption of regular postal and commercial airline service, to cooperation on law enforcement and search-and-rescue. I urge Members of Congress to get briefed on the many ways our countries are cooperating, to our benefit. It might be an eye-opener. I understand this is an emotional issue for some Cuban-American fami-lies, including some who are Members of Congress. I have met with a number of these families. But I have also met with many who have gone to Cuba even though their property was confiscated by the Cuban government, even though they thought they would never go back, but now they can go and visit old friends, and they have changed their views. In fact, after 55 years, survey after survey, poll after poll shows that most Cuban-Americans support the new pol-icy of engagement. They want the United States to have an embassy in Havana. They are not saying they agree with the Cuban government, but they are saying they want the United States to have an embassy in Havana. There is a time for family politics, and there is a time for what is in the best interest of the Nation as a whole, all 50 States. Diplomatic relations serve the national interest. I urge these Members of Congress to put what is in the interest of the Amer-ican people above their personal inter-est. Listen to the overwhelming major-ity of the Cuban and American people. They want the policy of engagement to continue because they believe it is the best hope for a free and prosperous Cuba. Marcelle and I had a delightful time in Vermont a few months ago when we went and cheered on a group of Little Leaguers from all over our State. They were going to Cuba to play with Little Leaguers in Cuba. Marcelle and I gave them an American flag that had been flown over the U.S. Capitol. Those kids were grinning from ear to ear while holding it, and they sent me pictures of them flying the American flag on the baseball fields in Cuba where they were playing ball and being photographed, the Cuban teams with their flag and the Vermont team with ours. Only a few years ago that would not have hap-pened—the U.S. flag flying in Cuba with the Cuban people cheering. One of the photographs I remember the most from that trip was taken by a member of my office, Lisa Brighenti. The picture was from the back, and one team wore red T-shirts and the other wore blue. There they were—so much like you see with Little Leaguers— walking off the field, their arms around each other’s shoulders, and they just played a game together. You don’t have to see their faces or which T-shirt says ‘‘United States’’ and which one says ‘‘Cuba.’’ You know it is one of each, and they are together because of their shared love of the game. I think of the times during the worst part of the Cold War, and I have gone to countries behind what we then called the Iron Curtain. I would be talking to Foreign Ministers, Defense Ministers, people in key positions, and they would say ‘‘My niece went to Stanford’’ or ‘‘My son is studying at the University of Kentucky,’’ and some would tell me about my own alma mater, Georgetown. These were openings that everybody from our diplomatic corps to our intel-ligence community would tell me were very important because they would learn about us, and, just as impor-tantly, we would learn about them. So I urge President-Elect Trump to carefully weigh the pros and cons of this issue. I believe that if he follows his instincts, if he listens to Cuban pri-vate entrepreneurs, he, too, will con-clude that it makes no sense to return to a failed policy of isolation. That pol-icy has been used by the Castros as an excuse to justify their grip on power and their failed economic policies, it has divided the Cuban and American people, and no other country in this hemisphere supports it. As that Ambassador said to Marcelle and me: When your flag went up, the stone came out of our shoe. The Cuban and American people share much in common—our history, our cultures, our families, our ideals, our hopes for the future. We are neigh-bors. Our economies are increasingly intertwined. We should no longer be isolated from one another. As the Castro era ends, our policy today is focused on the next generation of Cuban entrepreneurs, activists, stu-dents, and leaders. They are Cuba’s fu-ture. We should endeavor to engage with them in every way we can. I met with some of them, as did a bipartisan group of House and Senate Members, earlier this week. They are bright, mo-tivated young people. They are start-ing their own businesses. What a re-freshing attitude they have toward life. Will everything change overnight? No. But Cuba is changing. I want to yield the floor, but before I do, I will say that I will speak on this many more times. I think our relation-ship with Cuba is important not only for the United States but for the whole hemisphere. The stone has come out of the shoe; let’s not put it back in. Let’s work to help the Cuban people—not the Cuban Government but the Cuban peo-ple. By helping the Cuban people, we help ourselves. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
UKRAINE  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I have several topics to talk about today, but I will start with a very im-portant letter that was sent to Presi-dent-Elect Trump by members and friends of the Senate Ukraine Caucus. We had 27 Senators, including me, come together to advocate and make clear that we wanted to continue the strong United States-Ukrainian rela-tionship that our two countries have enjoyed for many years and to convey our support for Ukraine and ask the President-elect and the new adminis-tration to support our ally Ukraine and help it secure a peaceful and demo-cratic future. Almost 3 years after Russia’s illegal annexation of Crimea and military ag-gression in eastern Ukraine, daily cease-fires along the line of contact make a mockery of the Minsk agree-ment and demonstrate that this con-flict in the heart of Europe is far from over. Russia has yet to withdraw its heavy weapons. It continues to engage in sabotage. It has not halted its disinformation war against Ukraine and the West nor stopped the economic and political pressure aimed at under-mining the Ukrainian Government. I was in Ukraine last year, and I saw firsthand the struggles that their gov-ernment is having. They have their own internal issues with corruption and the like, but they are trying to make for a better country, and that is very difficult when you have an outside nation that is engaged in the kind of combat that we see from Russia and these kinds of interventions. According to conservative estimates from the United Nations, approximately 10,000 people have been killed, over 20,000 wounded, and more than 2 million in-ternally displaced since the conflict began. We said in our letter—27 Senators, Republicans and Democrats, led by Senators DURBIN and P ORTMAN —that Russia has launched a military landgrab in Ukraine that is unprece-dented in modern European history, and we asked the President-elect to work with us on this very important matter so that we may help the Ukrainian people secure their democ-racy. My State has a very strong tradition of Ukrainians. I actually live only a few miles from the Ukrainian center in our State. We have a long tradition of opening our arms to people from every corner of the globe. The people in my own city and State are concerned about the situation in Ukraine. There are a lot of people worried about what is going on, especially with the new ad-ministration coming in, so I think a strong statement, followed, of course, by actions from the President-elect would be very helpful. I have to mention one Ukrainian place that I adore, Kramarczuk, which is in my neighborhood. I actually held my first election celebration there when I was running for county attor-ney. Of course, it didn’t end because we had to go into the next morning. The vote was a little close. We didn’t know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.005 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6936 December 9, 2016 
the result until maybe noon, but that evening we were at Kramarczuk. They have a mural that is literally almost the size of the entire backdrop from door to door in the U.S. Senate, and it is a mural they have proudly hung of the Statue of Liberty. That mural is there because the Kramarczuk family has always believed in a country that brought them in as immigrants and refugees. I am proud to represent that commu-nity and join the other 26 Senators in asking the President-elect to continue to support Ukrainians here at home but, most importantly, the sovereignty of the country of Ukraine and their democratic values. 
CURES BILL  
Next, I will turn to another issue that is of key importance to this body, and that is the passage of the CURES Act, which I know the President is going to sign into law. We are very ex-cited about that bill. There are several things in that bill that the Presiding Officer and I have both worked on. The bill includes opioid funding. Both of our States, West Virginia and Min-nesota, have seen way too many deaths and lives lost early, way too many peo-ple experiencing an overdose without the help they need for treatment. The bill authorizes $1 billion, $500 million a year, to help the many fami-lies struggling with prescription drug addiction. Senators W
HITEHOUSE , P
ORTMAN , AYOTTE , and I actually au-thored the original bill, the CARA bill, which set the national framework for dealing with opioid addiction. It didn’t just include authorizing money for treatment; it also included some foun-dation steps for doing a better job of exchanging information among physi-cians in terms of who is getting opioids. I remember one guy I met—a rehab guy up in Moorhead, MN—who had a patient that had gotten opioid prescriptions from 85 different doctors and medical providers in Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wis-consin. As a State with many States on its borders, we see this going on all the time. I have built on that with a bill I in-troduced for a national prescription drug monitoring program that I think is very important. Senator C
ORNYN and I did the original bill on a drug take- back program to make it easier to get drugs out of medicine cabinets. The CARA bill actually built on that, but what was missing from the CARA bill, because it was an authorization bill, was the funding. This effort at the end contained in the CURES Act is going to be very important in the form of grants to our States to get the money out there. Second is the research money. Nearly $5 billion will go to NIH to help them look for a cure for horrific diseases like cancer and Alzheimer’s. That money will be critical. We are doing groundbreaking work in Minnesota at the Mayo Clinic and also at the Univer-sity of Minnesota, which will be key to finding a cure to these diseases. The third thing in the bill that maybe hasn’t gotten as much attention is the Anna Westin Act. The Presiding Officer and I worked on that bill to-gether along with Senator AYOTTE and Senator B
ALDWIN —four women leading the bill, and we got it done. That bill has been kicking around for over a dec-ade. It is a bill that actually came out of Anna Westin’s untimely death. She was a young girl who struggled with an eating disorder and eventually died due to the circumstances related to her eating disorder. Her mother, Kitty Westin, has carried her torch. She first gave it to Paul Wellstone, her Senator. Paul died way too young in that tragic plane crash, and then it was passed on to Senator Harkin of Iowa. I was on the bill with him, and when Senator Har-kin left, I took the bill over and was able to reach across the aisle and get the support of the Presiding Officer, Senator C
APITO , as well as Senator A
YOTTE and then Senator B ALDWIN . This bill builds on the Wellstone- Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act to clarify that insurance companies must cover resi-dential treatment for eating disorders the same way they cover treatment for other mental and physical illnesses. Over 30 million Americans struggle with eating disorders, including over 200,000 people in my State. It is actu-ally the leading cause of death from mental illness. People don’t realize that, but obviously anorexia is a very dangerous disease, as are other eating disorders. That one bill has a lot, but we know there is more work to do on prescription drugs. I see Senator G
RASSLEY here. He and I have worked very hard on what is called the pay-for-delay bill, which would tell the big pharmaceutical com-panies that they cannot pay the ge-neric companies to keep their products off the market. That literally elimi-nates competition, and, from the esti-mates we have gotten, it would save billions of dollars over years. We think that is a really, really, really impor-tant bill and something we would like to get done. I have worked with Senator M
CCAIN on legislation that focuses on bringing in less expensive drugs from Canada, as well as a bill I have to allow for nego-tiations of prices under Medicare Part D. 
TRIBUTES TO DEPARTING SENATORS  
Madam President, I will close my re-marks by turning to some of our retir-ing Senators and speaking briefly on each one of them. 
HARRY REID  
We had a beautiful portrait unveiling for Leader R
EIDyesterday. He has been a leader who takes all ideas into con-sideration, even those of newer Mem-bers. In January of 2007, I began working on ethics reform, and, in fact, I asked him if that would be an important pri-ority when he took over as leader. It was S. 1, and one of the first bills we passed. Senator REIDdidn’t give new Mem-bers the opportunity to lead just on big bills. When a little girl in Minnesota named Abbey Taylor was maimed while swimming in a pool with a defective drain, Leader R
EIDstood by my side and helped me work with Republicans to get a bill passed in honor of Abbey’s memory and final wish. I met this little girl in the hospital. She went on to live for a year. She had been swimming in a kiddie pool when her intestines were pulled out by a de-fective drain due to the way it was in-stalled. Her parents never gave up. Scott Taylor, her dad, called me every single week to see what was happening with the bill. Honestly, again, the bill was moving around and hadn’t had any ac-tion for years. Ted Stevens, who at the time was a Senator from Alaska, helped me. In the end, it was Senator R
EID, working with others, including Senator Lott, and we were able to get that bill on another bill, and we were able to pass it. To this day my proudest moment in the U.S. Senate was calling Scott Tay-lor and telling him that bill had passed, and then last year hearing from the head of the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Commerce Committee that not one child has died because of a defective drain since that bill passed. That bill, by the way, was named after James Baker’s grand-daughter, who had also perished in a pool incident. That is an example. I don’t think it would have happened if H
ARRY REIDhadn’t been one of our leaders. Another example is when we were trying to build a bridge to Wisconsin, Senator J
OHNSON and I were working on that issue along with House Rep-resentative Bachmann, Representative D
UFFY , and Senator F RANKEN , and we had to get everyone signed off on an ex-emption to the Scenic Rivers Act. It was a Saturday, and no one was left in the Senate except two or three Mem-bers, and I had one Member I couldn’t reach who had gotten on a plane, but we thought we could still reach him so I could get the last signoff to get the bill done. H
ARRY REIDhad just found out his wife had breast cancer and was waiting at home, but he wouldn’t go home. He insisted on presiding for me. The leader of the Senate sat in the Pre-siding Officer’s chair so I could be back in the Republican cloakroom trying to reach the Senator. That happened. We didn’t get the bill done that day, but the minute we got back in Janu-ary, Senator R
EIDworked with Senator M
CCONNELL , and we were able to get that on the agenda and get that exemp-tion. That bridge is going up as we speak. It is a massive bridge that had to be built because the other bridge was so bad it closed down all the time. People would literally cross their fin-gers when they went over it. That is Senator R
EID. A lot has happened since he first came to work in Congress as a police 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.007 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6937 December 9, 2016 
officer in the halls of the Capitol. But one thing has stayed the same about Leader R
EID—the true spirit of him. It is the considerate leader who will sit up at the presiding desk just to help a freshman pass a bill that is important to her and her constituents. It is the kind of person who takes the time to talk to a little boy with leukemia and show him his favorite pictures right in the middle of the budget debate. That happened to me with a kid I brought in his office from Minnesota. It is the humble Senator who never forgets that he came from Searchlight, NV, and al-ways serves with his home in mind. Thank you, Senator R
EID, for your service. You will be missed. 
BARBARA MIKULSKI  
So there are two other Senators who are retiring this week, and one of them is Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI . She has been, as the Presiding Officer knows, the dean of the women in the Senate for a very, very long time. She is the queen of one-liners, and one of my fa-vorite ones is one she uses when she talks about women elected officials. She always says: We see things not just at the macro level but at the macaroni- and-cheese level. After a few years when I had been in the Senate, she called us into the President’s Room—a number of the women Senators—to gear up for a de-bate that mattered to the women of this country. She, literally—being short, as she is—stood on the couch in that room and said: Gear up. Square your shoulders. Put your lipstick on. Get ready for the revolution. Now, at the time, I was not even sure what the revolution was. I was think-ing all the time that she had probably used that line for maybe much weightier things. But that is her life. She is an advocate. She is a leader. She is someone who has championed the women of the Senate and all women in elected office. She is the one who was here first, of her own making. She is not someone who took over a seat after a husband or father had died. She ran, and she ran on her own merit, and she leaves on her own merit. She leaves on the merit of passing incredibly impor-tant bills for Maryland, incredibly im-portant legislation for this country. I will miss her as a mentor, and we will always miss her dearly. 
BARBARA BOXER  
Finally, there is Senator B ARBARA  B
OXER , who joined the Senate in 1993. When I got to the Senate, I was on the Environment Committee. She was the new chair. I got to see firsthand her ad-vocacy—her advocacy on climate change, her advocacy on transpor-tation and waterway infrastructure— and the way she would just never give up when she decided something was right for her State and right for the country. But the one thing is that everyone talks about B
ARBARA BOXER ’s fiery ad-vocacy and her incredible humor and tenacity. Sometimes, I think people forget how productive she has been when she worked across the aisle. I saw firsthand how she was able to work with Senator INHOFE on the transpor-tation bill and then later with Senator M
CCONNELL on the last transportation bill. She is someone who has credibility on our side of the aisle. When she says she is willing to make a compromise with the Republicans, people listen. She never gave up. She would have din-ners at Italian restaurants. She would find ways, in kind of a mom’s way, to get everyone together. She passed some really incredible legislation, including water infrastructure legislation with Senator V
ITTER over the last few years. That is what she has done. I can’t think of anyone whom we are going to miss more in terms of that presence and that kind of hardscrabble advo-cacy, which is always coupled with the pragmatic way of getting important bills done. So we are going to miss Sen-ator R
EID, Senator M IKULSKI , and, also, Senator B
OXER . 
KELLY AYOTTE  
I would also like to add that, of the Republican Senators who are leaving, I have enjoyed a very strong working re-lationship with Senator A
YOTTE . She and I have worked together on opioids. We have worked together a lot on the issue of the eating disorder bill. I am glad that in her final weeks in the Sen-ate, we have been able to pass that im-portant legislation that embraced so many of her priorities. 
DAN COATS  
I also worked at length with Senator C
OATS . We both serve on the Joint Eco-nomic Committee. He has shown great leadership there, and also, again, an ability to work across the aisle. He be-lieves strongly in civility and in get-ting to know your fellow Senators. We are going to miss him dearly for his pleasant way and his ability to cross over the aisle and work together. I also want to thank him for the work he did on an adoption bill that we worked on together. There are many other Senators whom we wish well to. There is Sen-ator K
IRKand the work he has done on the Great Lakes priorities. We have worked on that together, as well as all of his leadership in the area of inter-national relations. Madam President, I see that the Sen-ator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , is here. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
EXECUTIVE ACTIONS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, for the last 8 years, we have seen Presi-dent Obama’s administration take ac-tion after action and do it without re-gard for concerns expressed by the American people or their elected rep-resentatives in Congress, which amount to a great deal of unconstitu-tional or at least contrary-to-statute Executive overreach. The Obama administration used Ex-ecutive fiat to push sweeping regula-tions with little thought about damage to American jobs. The Obama adminis-tration has repeatedly stretched its au-thority beyond limits set by Congress in law. It has twisted the same laws and even the Constitution itself to jus-tify this Executive overreach. Despite early promises of transparency, it has kept the American people and the Con-gress in the dark about many of its most significant decisions. Americans are right, then, to be frus-trated with what they see as more un-necessary burdens and unchecked abuses being handed down by an out-of- reach bureaucracy. In November, they made their voices heard. So now we are going to have a new President on Janu-ary 20. President-Elect Trump has said that he intends to roll back the mess of harmful regulations and Executive power grabs of the last 8 years. He is certainly going to have his hands full, as we all know. But there is plenty that we can do to begin the process on January 20. President Obama’s tenure has brought about an unprecedented expansion of the regu-latory state. By some estimates, bu-reaucratic redtape now places a $2 tril-lion burden on the Nation’s economy. You know who pays for that? The American people do. I don’t doubt that there are some good intentions behind every new rule. But the notion that so-called experts in Washington, DC, need to regulate every aspect of our lives does not make much sense to many of the Iowans I talk to. They are hoping that a President Trump will bring common sense to Washington, DC. Take, for example, the Environ-mental Protection Agency’s waters of the United States rule. It is often re-ferred to by acronym WOTUS. This rule seeks to expand what the govern-ment can regulate under the Clean Water Act. Congress intentionally lim-ited EPA’s reach under the law to what is termed navigable waterways. But the WOTUS rule would subject 97 per-cent of the land in my State of Iowa to EPA bureaucratic burdens. I assume it does the same in several other States. But I have only checked on Iowa. So 97 percent of the land to be regulated by the EPA bureaucracy is just an impossible situation. Think about that. Every homeowner, every contractor, and every farmer would need to seek a Federal permit for projects requiring the simple task of moving dirt, even if it is nowhere near an actual body of water. That, of course, means more paperwork, more time wasted, and, of course, more money spent to get Federal permits for activities that this Congress never in-tended the Federal Government to reg-ulate. A bipartisan majority of both Houses of Congress has voiced its disapproval of the WOTUS rule, and a Federal ap-peals court has placed a nationwide stay on its implementation. Yet I con-tinue to hear concerns, regardless of the court case, that some in the EPA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.009 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6938 December 9, 2016 
are going to move forward with the rule’s implementation, causing unnec-essary fear and confusion among farm-ers and landowners. So on day one, President Trump should direct his administration to stop defending the WOTUS rule in the Federal courts where it is now held up. He should also direct his EPA to imme-diately stop implementing or enforcing the rule while the Agency begins the rulemaking process to take it off the books once and for all. It is not just of-ficial regulations that have sparked concern over the last 8 years, the Obama administration has also used Executive actions, agency guidance documents, and legal interpretations to push its agenda, leaving Congress and the American people in the dark. Often this has been done with dis-turbing results. In 2014, the Obama ad-ministration acted unilaterally to re-lease five senior-level Taliban com-manders who were being held at Guan-tanamo Bay in exchange for SGT Bowe Bergdahl. Now, that is contrary to law. Despite the requirements of law, the administration never notified Con-gress, as the law requires, prior to this prisoner’s transfer. The law required the administration to provide Congress with a detailed statement of the basis for the release, an explanation for why it is in our national security interests, and a plan to prevent the prisoners from returning to the battlefield. Instead, Congress heard only crick-ets. The administration provided no notice to the Congress, no legal jus-tification for the release, and no plan to prevent these Taliban commanders from reentering a fight that has al-ready spilled so much blood of Amer-ica’s sons and daughters. One reporter said the Taliban has been more transparent about this ex-change than the Obama administra-tion. Even the nonpartisan Govern-ment Accountability Office later con-cluded that the administration acted illegally. Well, it is pretty clear. The law says that you have to give Con-gress 30 days’ notice. They didn’t give any notice. There were and still are, then, seri-ous questions about whether releasing these detainees from Guantanamo was a good idea, even to the extent to which the law was violated. So I asked this administration to disclose the legal advice that the Department of Justice apparently provided that justi-fied its failure to notify Congress in a timely way—in other words, a jus-tification for ignoring the law. But the Department of Justice re-fused to do that. The public deserves a full and transparent accounting of why the administration believed it could disregard the law. On day one, then, President Trump should order the Jus-tice Department to produce any legal advice that it concocted to excuse the Obama administration from its obliga-tion to notify Congress of this decision 30 days before the release, because that is what the law says. Unfortunately, this isn’t the only legal opinion the Obama administra-tion has used to avoid scrutiny of its actions. The Justice Department also brewed up a ludicrous legal opinion to block government watchdogs from ac-cessing Federal records needed in the course of congressional oversight. If this year has taught us anything, it is that the government needs more over-sight, not less. It is unbelievable that a handful of unelected bureaucrats would try to defy the Congress and the people it rep-resents by ignoring that law. Unfortu-nately, it hasn’t stopped with the case I just cited. The Obama administration prac-tically treats a congressional subpoena as if it were a freedom of information request rather than a constitutionally mandated inquiry from a coequal branch of government. This very issue is now being debated in the courts. But it is not just Congress that can’t get information; the press and private citizens have had their freedom of in-formation requests regularly met with very long delays, if they get any re-sponse at all. You know it is bad when the New York Times calls this White House the most secretive in more than two decades. President Trump should take steps to reverse this trend of more secrecy in government because more trans-parency in government will bring more accountability. On day one, he should direct his agency heads to cooperate with congressional inquiries, inspector general investigations, and FOIA re-quests, and he should empower govern-ment whistleblowers. Whistleblowers expose facts about wrongdoing and incompetence inside the vast Federal bureaucracy, often at risk of their own career and their own reputations and, in some cases, I found out, even their health. Without whistleblowers, Americans would be none the wiser that, for in-stance, the Justice Department walked guns that put law enforcement agents in jeopardy—that is the Fast and Furi-ous investigation I did—or that the EB–5 investor visa program is riddled with fraud, or that agencies spend tens of millions of taxpayer dollars every year to pay employees under investiga-tion for misconduct who simply sit at home on paid leave. Information pro-vided by whistleblowers under the Se-curities and Exchange Commission Whistleblower Program has brought in more than $584 million in financial sanctions. The Internal Revenue Serv-ice has collected more than $3 billion in tax revenues since 2007 thanks to whistleblowers under a piece of legisla-tion I got passed in 2006, I believe it was. Since I pushed to empower and pro-tect whistleblowers under the False Claims Act way back in 1986, the Fed-eral Government has recovered more than $48 billion in taxpayers’ money lost to fraud. That simple, quantifiable information is a good deal. But these brave employees often face retaliation from their own ranks. So I am going to suggest that if President Trump is going to be very serious about fixing the Federal bureaucracy, he should em-power these patriotic citizens to help us identify fraud, abuse, and mis-conduct so that we can get this govern-ment working again. I will propose to the President-elect, when I get a chance to talk to him, something I have proposed to every President since Reagan. And no Presi-dent, of course, has done this, and maybe it is ridiculous for me to think President Trump will do it, but he is coming to Washington to shake things up. I will suggest to him, to empower whistleblowers, who know there is fraud and who are patriotic people who want fraud corrected, that he hold a Rose Garden ceremony honoring whis-tleblowers, and maybe do it once a year so that they know that the tone from the top—that the new Commander in Chief has the backs of these patriotic soldiers for good government whom we call whistleblowers. Of course, what I have gone through in these remarks as I finish is far from an exhaustive list, but the common thread in all of this is that the Obama administration frequently failed to take care that the laws be faithfully executed as required by our Constitu-tion. When that doesn’t happen and Congress lets a President get away with it, then we are not upholding our oath to the Constitution, which basi-cally says that Congress passes the law and they ought to be a check on the ex-ecutive branch to see that the laws are faithfully executed. The person coming to town to drain the swamp—a person by the name of Trump—should prioritize these failures and begin to restore the executive branch to its proper place in government consistent with the checks and balances outlined in our Constitution. These actions will help the new President make good on his pledge to fix the Federal bureauc-racy and do what he said last night on television in Des Moines, IA—put Americans first. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, before I begin my remarks on why I came down to the floor today, I would like to join with my colleague from Iowa in saying it is a very good idea to have a Rose Garden ceremony talking about whistleblowers, supporting peo-ple who want to do the right thing in the bureaucracy, and I am willing to work with him in any way that is ap-propriate to talk about what we need to do to make sure that whistleblowers in our bureaucracy have the protection and the appreciation. There are many great people in government who see things every day. We spend a lot of time in our Subcommittee on Home-land Security talking about what we can do to get those good ideas from the bureaucracy, those good ideas from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.011 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6939 December 9, 2016 
folks who actually work in the govern-ment percolated up to the Congress and implemented. So I applaud the work he has done on whistleblowers. Senator G
RASSLEY , I look forward to having another conversation about what we can do to put America first by making sure our public employees have an opportunity to feel pride in what they do every day, knowing that they are working for a cause in the most ef-ficient, effective manner for the Amer-ican people. I applaud your work. 
COAL MINERS ’ HEALTH CARE AND PENSIONS AND  
THE EX -IM BANK  
Madam President, I want to talk a little bit about this past election. There has been a lot of Monday night quarterbacking about what happened. I guess you can’t say that anymore now that they play football on Monday nights, but there has been a lot of backseat driving over what happened. For this Senator, the message of this election could not be clearer that peo-ple who go to work every day—particu-larly those people who shower when they come home at night or come home in the morning if they are working shift—feel like we left them behind. They feel like things happened to them that are unexplainable to them even though they are working as hard as they can. They think that the govern-ment and the people in Washington, DC, aren’t working for them and they are getting left behind. Now there is an important oppor-tunity to work in a bipartisan way to learn the lessons of this past election and to stand up and fight for American workers, to listen to American workers and hear about the challenges they have and to respond to those chal-lenges, especially when those chal-lenges clearly represent injustice. Every person in America being told these stories would say that shouldn’t happen. There is no clearer indication of a ‘‘that shouldn’t happen’’ story today than in the dialogue and debate in Washington, DC, and what is hap-pening to the coal miners in this coun-try. Last night, I stood with 20 to 30 coal miners from the Presiding Officer’s State. These are good people who work hard—and I know the Presiding Officer has been fighting for them as well— who simply want what they have earned. They simply want the oppor-tunity to take care of their families and the people in their communities. You know, it was pretty cold out when we were standing out there. A number of the reporters were giving me a hard time because, being from North Da-kota, everybody assumes it is always 20 below zero there, even in July, and I had some choice words. I said: You know, we were only out there for about 20 minutes in the cold, but if we leave here without a clear message, without an opportunity for those miners to know not only that we care but know that we are making their concerns a top priority, then they will be left out in the cold for a lot longer than 20 min-utes by this Congress. I made the point that there is a coal miner on the flag in West Virginia but there is also a farmer on the flag in West Virginia. That farmer, for me, represents the people who I know built the country in my State. We don’t have coal miners who went underground, but we have a lot of coal miners who helped build our region. This is a moment where we can say to people who go to work every day, people who believe and built this country, whose ancestors built this country, that they are going to get what they earned—not what they deserve but what they earned. When you look at many of the miners in these communities, there isn’t a lot of economic opportunity and there aren’t a lot of other jobs available. They risked their health, but they took that risk knowing they were going to get something in return: financial sta-bility for their families. Suddenly, they are told that all they bargained for and all they agreed to is gone. There is something wrong with that. There is something wrong when we don’t learn the lessons of the last elec-tion. The other reason I react personally to this is I see the string that goes back to what is happening with Central States Pension Fund in my State. My good friend from Minnesota has joined with me in many of the efforts that we had on Central States to hear the sto-ries of people who worked hard at a time when people were lifting packages and delivering goods with much heav-ier weight requirements than we have today. They talk about the surgeries they had, the hip replacements and knee replacements, and they talk about why they did it—to put food on the table for their families. Will all of that go away because of an irrespon-sible financial sector that destroyed this economy and made it virtually im-possible for these pension funds to cash flow? I think it is time that we stand up for these workers. I think it is time that we take the right fight. I came to the floor and listened as Presiding Officer when we were in the majority, and I wish I had a dollar for every time someone talked about the American people and the American worker and what they were going to do for them. We now have an opportunity to do a lot. We have an opportunity not only to give the people who earned fi-nancial security the financial security they earned, but we have an oppor-tunity to make sure we have good American jobs. There is another provision that got left behind despite a lot of people who support it, and that is the ‘‘Buy Amer-ican’’ provision, which is in the WRDA bill. The ‘‘Buy American’’ provision has broad-based support throughout this country, but yet when we get into the Halls of Congress, we cannot nego-tiate and get it done. Finally, I wish to talk about some-thing on the floor that I have spent a lot of time talking about; that is, the Ex-Im Bank. We started basically shut-ting down the Ex-Im to any new credit by not reauthorizing it. Guess what. We got it reauthorized by huge majori-ties, a huge majority in the Senate and over 70 percent in the House. Victory, right? Well, guess what. We cannot make any deal over $10 million at the Ex-Im Bank unless we have a quorum. We have singlehandedly seen this body hold up the quorum at the Ex-Im Bank. People want to say this is simply about: Well, why do you want to bail out or help out GE? Why do you stand for Caterpillar? Why do you stand for Westinghouse? Why do you stand for Boeing? Those are the big benefactors. That is an argument that so mis-understands what happens in America. To give you an example, Boeing has 16 suppliers just in North Dakota. Boeing, with the ability to sell airplanes across the country and across the world, means we get good jobs in North Da-kota, good jobs we will lose out on. I have said it once, I have said it many times. I don’t stand here and cry for the CEOs of GE or Boeing. That is not whom I am standing for. I am standing here begging this body to ba-sically get the Ex-Im Bank approved once again. I will tell you why—be-cause $20 billion or $30 billion of deals are waiting for us to get a quorum. What does that mean? That $20 billion supports over 116,000 jobs in America. If those CEOs are forced, by a lack of ex-port credit assistance, if they are forced to take those jobs overseas— which they already have, thousands have already left this country—that means workers in this country don’t get those jobs. Once again, people say: Well, what kind of government subsidy is this? In the face of the reality that the Ex- Im Bank actually returns dollars to the Treasury of this country, we are going to shut down the Ex-Im Bank and continue to keep it hobbled to the point where it cannot do its job, it can-not allow our manufacturing interests to be competitive. As we leave this Congress and we open up the opportunity for further dialogue, I hope all the rhetoric we have heard over and over again about American jobs, American workers, and about American opportunity—I hope we live up to that rhetoric. I hope we take the steps we need to take to guar-antee that American workers come first whenever we set our policies. There is no better place to address these pension concerns, there is no bet-ter place than the ‘‘Buy American’’ provisions, and there certainly is no easier way to get an immediate result than to get the Ex-Im Bank up and running. It is a tragedy that we are so unwilling to do this, not because it doesn’t make huge common sense but because it doesn’t fit in with an ideo-logical position that was taken by the hard right against the vast majority of American interests and certainly the majority of people in this body. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.013 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6940 December 9, 2016 
With that, I turn to my colleague from the great State of Minnesota for her comments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I stand here today with two incredibly strong women, Senator H
EITKAMP of North Dakota and Senator S
HAHEEN of New Hampshire—and of course the Pre-siding Officer as well from the great State of West Virginia. I think we all approach our jobs with a certain prag-matism about what matters. It is not about what is left or what is right, it is about what is right for the people of this country. The two issues the Sen-ator from North Dakota has raised are both incredibly important for these workers. When people have felt nickel- and-dimed and pushed down by the sys-tem, they can’t always put a bill num-ber on what that means. They can al-ways put a number on how things have changed and why they feel like, hey, my cable bill is eating me up or, hey, I can’t get a mortgage or I can’t send my kid to college, but we know that is happening now. We in this Chamber know what is going on. The two things the Senator from North Dakota mentioned are both things we could do for the people of America. The first is to stand with the coal miners of West Virginia, promises made should be promises kept. It was Barbara Jordan of Texas, who once said: What the American people want is something quite simple—they want a country as good as its promise. These coal miners were promised things. Over 70 years ago, President Harry Truman brokered an agreement that provided health and pension benefits for coal miners in the United Mine Workers of America Health and Retirement Funds. The Coal Act and its 2006 amendments showed the continuing commitment to the health and retirement security of our Nation’s miners and their families. Yet, in October, approximately 12,500 retired coal miners and widows re-ceived notices telling them their health care benefits would be cut off at the end of this year—retired miners and widows. Then, in November, an-other 3,600 notices went out. That is over 16,000 people who will lose their health care coverage. I know negotia-tions are going on as we speak, but we urge our colleagues and the leadership in the Senate to do all they can for these miners, many of whom are in the State of the Presiding Officer. As Senator H
EITKAMP mentioned, we have a similar situation with the Cen-tral States Pension Plan, 14,000 Min-nesotans. I just met with 300 of them this weekend. The plan that was origi-nally proposed was actually rejected by the Treasury Department because it was so unfair to these workers. They are continuing to look for a solution. Lastly, I say about the coal miners, in Minnesota, we have iron ore miners. So while your miners might be covered in black soot, ours are covered in red iron ore. My grandpa worked most of his life underground in the mines in Ely, MN. He had to quit school when he was in sixth grade because his parents were sick and he was the oldest boy of nine kids. He went to work pulling a wagon. When he was old enough as a teenager, he went to work in those iron ore mines. In sixth grade he quit school. He had dreamed of a career in the Navy. Instead, every single day he went down in a cage 1,500 feet underground with a little black lunch pail that my grand-ma packed for him every single day. His youngest sister had to go to an or-phanage, and he promised we would go and get her. In a year and a half after he got the job and married my grand-ma, he went back, got his little sister Hannah, brought her back and raised her. That is our family story. It is a mining story. I always think about what he thought when he went down in that cage every day—that career in the Navy, or out in the woods where he loved to hunt. Instead, he did that job. He did that job for his family, his two kids, and then the rest of his brothers and sisters because he knew if he worked hard, he would be able to sup-port them because there would be a pension, because there would be health care, because he wouldn’t die—like his own father—leaving behind kids, with the oldest one being 21 years old. That didn’t happen. My grandpa raised two boys. One became an engineer. And my dad, the other boy, went to a 2-year college that was paid for at the time, went on to get a journalism degree, and became a reporter who interviewed ev-eryone from Mike Ditka to Ronald Reagan, to Ginger Rogers. That is America, and these coal miners deserve that same support. Another part of our State which be-lieves if you work hard every day you should be able to get where you want to go are those who work in manufac-turing, those who work in the rural parts of our State. I don’t think they would ever put together the Ex-Im Bank—that Senator HEITKAMP has gathered us to talk about today—with their own livelihoods. That is a very complex matter about a guy getting confirmed on the Bank, but, in fact, it is true. Because while we have saved the Ex-Im Bank, which finances so many hundreds of small businesses in Minnesota that wouldn’t be able to deal with going to a big major bank, we still haven’t confirmed someone for that Board. Getting that person con-firmed for that Board and through the Senate would mean the Ex-Im Bank could go back to its functional levels of financing major transactions. That is why we are here, to ask the Senate to support the nomination of J. Mark McWatters to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. I join my col-leagues to do that. On January 11, the Senate Banking Committee received the nomination of McWatters to fill the Republican va-cancy on the Board. This is a Repub-lican candidate we are asking the Sen-ate to confirm, but it is 333 days and counting since he has been nominated. In 2015, I remember bringing together a group of small businesses from all over the country to talk about the im-portance of the Ex-Im Bank, to hear their stories of how they are going to go under if they are not allowed to con-tinue their financing. Mostly, at a time when we are dealing with the winds of global competition being blown at us every single day, to be at such a dis-advantage to other developed nations that have Ex-Im-type banks, that have financing authority—and it is not just China that is going to eat our lunch unless we can help businesses get over $10 million in financing. They must be laughing at us over there. There are about 85 credit export agencies in over 60 other countries, including all major exporting countries. Why would we want to make it harder for our own companies to create jobs here at home and then allow these other countries to have financing agencies that compete with us. That is exactly what is going on right now. The Ex-Im Bank has sup-ported $17 billion in exports. Those are American jobs, 17 billion. It has a cap of $135 billion. That sounds like a lot, but an article in the Financial Times showed that the China Development Bank and the Export-Import Bank of China combined had an estimated $684 billion in total development finance. These two banks combined provide five times as much financing as the Ex-Im Bank, with its cap of $135 billion. As Senator HEITKAMP explained, this is about jobs, and it is as simple as that. In FY2015, Ex-Im financing sup-ported 109,000 U.S. jobs. Since we reau-thorized the Ex-Im Bank, nearly 650 transactions have been approved. Now it is about time that we put the person on the Board—the Republican nomi-nee—so the Bank can go back to fully functioning and be able to make trans-actions that are worth over $10 million. Without a quorum and Board approval, Ex-Im is not able to adopt any of the accountability measures or update the loan limits so American businesses have access to the financing they need to compete globally. Here we are, three Democratic Sen-ators on the floor simply asking the Senate to move ahead to confirm a Re-publican nominee. That may be irony, but it is irony that is on the backs of the American people and we need to get it done. Madam President, I yield the floor to the Senator from New Hampshire. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from New Hamp-shire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am pleased to join my colleagues Senator H
EITKAMP of North Dakota and Senator K
LOBUCHAR of Minnesota. I represent New Hampshire so I think we have three major regions of the country rep-resented to talk about why we need to make the appointments to allow the Ex-Im Bank to continue to do their transactions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.015 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6941 December 9, 2016 
As my colleagues have said, Ex-Im has a five-member Board of Directors. In order to consider transactions that exceed $10 million, they have to have a quorum—three people. Right now, again, as Senator K
LOBUCHAR and Sen-ator H
EITKAMP explained, there isn’t a quorum so they cannot continue to do transactions worth over $10 million. That is having a real impact on compa-nies across this country. After a period where Ex-Im was not reauthorized in 2016, where they were not able to do business, we finally got that legislation through. They were able to begin operating again. In 2016, they were able to support about 52,000 U.S. jobs by authorizing more than $5 billion in transactions— 2,000, almost 3,000 export transactions. At the same time, Ex-Im returned $283.9 million to the U.S. Treasury and maintained a default rate of 0.266 per-cent. That is a pretty good record, but, by comparison, the last year that Ex- Im was fully operational, they author-ized more than $20 billion in almost 4,000 transactions in 2014 when they were fully operational. Those trans-actions supported 164,000 U.S. jobs and returned $674 million to the Treasury. So one might ask: What is wrong with this picture? Why is the Senate Banking Committee holding up the person who would allow Ex-Im to con-tinue to operate at its full capacity and allow it to continue to help with job creation? We have seen this very directly in New Hampshire. New Hampshire is a small State. We are a small business State. Yet we are the State that Ex-Im chose when they rolled out their small business program to help small busi-nesses with the financing they needed to export. One of those first people to take advantage of that program was Boyle Energy Services & Technology. Their CEO, Michael Boyle, says that without Ex-Im, he would have to con-sider offshoring production in order to continue to grow his business. Now, BEST does 90 percent of its business overseas, and it relies on Ex- Im for working capital guarantees. They are not doing a lot of trans-actions over $10 million, but we have a lot of companies in New Hampshire that are doing transactions over $10 million and that are subcontractors to big companies that are doing those transactions. So in New Hampshire, we have General Electric, which is very dependent and needs those exports and that financing. We have a growing aerospace industry that includes com-panies like New Hampshire Ball Bear-ings, and it includes companies like Al-bany Engineered Composites, which worked on the Dreamliner with Boeing. I talked to the CEO of Albany after he came back from the Paris Air Show a couple of years ago. He said: The peo-ple who are getting the jobs, getting the accounts, are the companies that can provide financing around the world. We make a lot of things in New Hampshire. We have a robust manufac-turing industry because we have com-panies such as Boyle Energy Services & Technology, New Hampshire Ball Bear-ings, GE, and BAE. Yet we are hamstringing those businesses and their ability to continue to grow jobs, to continue to grow their business be-cause we are not willing to make one appointment to the Ex-Im Bank that would allow us to create jobs in this country and that sends money back to the Treasury. For all of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who are so concerned about the fiscal health of this Nation— and I think we share that concern on the Democratic side—why would you not reauthorize and make sure that an agency like the Ex-Im Bank is fully operational, can create jobs, and can return money to the Treasury? It bog-gles my mind that, because of this ide-ological battle, we are not willing to do what is practical, what is in the inter-ests of our businesses, of job creation, of making sure that we can compete around the world with other companies that are making things. So I share the concern we heard from Senator H
EITKAMP and from Senator K
LOBUCHAR , which is that the longer we delay in approving the nomination of Mark McWatters, the longer we delay in making sure that Ex-Im is fully operational, the more jobs will be lost, the more difficult it will be for companies to compete, and the more money that will be lost to the U.S. Treasury. So I hope that under the new admin-istration there is more of a willingness on the part of my colleagues to actu-ally approve these nominations and to move government forward so that we can create jobs and we can address the economic challenges that too many people in this country are facing. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JOHN GLENN  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the heroin and pre-scription drug epidemic that has gripped our country and my State of Ohio. But first, let me just say a word about John Glenn. I spoke on the floor yesterday about his passing. We lost him yesterday afternoon, at age 95. A true icon, his life was really the life of our country, over the time period from when he joined his fellow Mercury astronauts and was the first person to orbit the Earth to the time that he served here in the Senate and went on to found the Glenn College at Ohio State Univer-sity—an amazing life. Later today we are going to ask the full Senate to vote on a resolution that Senator SHERROD BROWN , my colleague from Ohio, and I are working on. We hope to have that resolution voted on successfully and allow the entire Sen-ate to pay tribute to a remarkable American life—a former colleague of ours and one whose seat I am very humbled and honored to hold today— and that is John Glenn. We will be bringing that up later during the day. 
OPIOID ADDICTION EPIDEMIC  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to talk about an issue that this Congress has focused on more in the last few months and to commend the Congress on that but also to continue to raise awareness of it and allow all of us the opportunity to figure out how we can do more—in our own way, in our own communities, in our own homes—to be able to address it. It is now to the point where we have some-body in our great country dying of an overdose every 12 minutes. One Amer-ican is losing his or her life every 12 minutes. In my own State of Ohio, we have been particularly hard hit by this. We lose one Ohioan every few hours. The statistics are overwhelming. It is now the No. 1 cause of accidental death in our country. It has been the case in Ohio since 2007. But behind those sta-tistics are faces, families, and commu-nities. A 4-year-old boy recently came into his bedroom in Cleveland, OH, in the Old Brooklyn neighborhood, and he found his dad dead of an overdose—30 years old. That was just in the news this week. A few weeks ago, there were two men in Sandusky, OH, who were found un-conscious in a parking lot. Somebody was there and recorded both their over-dose and the first responders coming. The Sandusky first responders found them barely breathing and brought them back to life with this miracle drug called Narcan, or naloxone. These first responders saved their lives, as they saved 16,000 lives last year in Ohio. This year it will be an even larg-er number, as we find out after the year closes. But this video is not for the faint of heart. It is now out on the Internet. Some have probably seen it. It has gone viral. But it shows what these first responders and our commu-nities are dealing with every single day. I have talked to firefighters around the State, and the Sandusky fire-fighters are no exception. They tell me that they have responded to more overdoses than they have fires over the past year—more overdoses than they have fires. These are firefighters who are, again, saving lives every day. When I was in Canton, OH, last week, I was told there had been twice as many overdose deaths this year al-ready as last year. Again, the fire-fighters and other first responders tell me it is their No. 1 focus and concern. When I talk to county prosecutors and sheriffs around Ohio, they also tell me it is the No. 1 cause of crime in each of their counties in Ohio, whether 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.016 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6942 December 9, 2016 
it is a rural county, an urban county, or a suburban county. It is everywhere. It knows no ZIP Code. This problem is one that, unfortunately, has gripped our country like no other. I started off working on this issue over 20 years ago, when cocaine, mari-juana, and, later, methamphetamines were an issue. Certainly, all those drugs are horrible. Our prevention ef-forts led to what was called the Drug Free Communities Act, which was passed to be able to help address this issue. Over 2,000 community coalitions have now been formed as a result of that. But this new wave of addiction, in my view, is worse. It is worse in terms of the number of overdoses and deaths. It is worse in terms of the im-pact on families, tearing them apart. It is worse than the crimes it creates, mostly with people creating more and more crime to be able to feed their habit. It is worse in terms of the abil-ity to get people back on track, to help them with treatment and recovery. It is a very difficult addiction. The Congress, including this body, has taken action, and I appreciate that. Let me tell you why we need to take action. I talked about these two men in San-dusky, OH, who were found uncon-scious and had overdosed. This was something where someone video-re-corded the first responders coming and saving their lives. When one of these men was revived, Michael Williams, this is what he said: 
I have a problem. If I could get help I would. I need it and I want it. 
I believe that if someone needs treat-ment for addiction and they are willing to get it, we ought to be able to provide it. That is why it is important that Congress be involved, that State legis-latures be involved, that we be in-volved in our communities to ensure that when someone is ready to get that treatment, it is accessible. I have met with addicts and their families all over our State. I have prob-ably met with several hundred addicts or recovering addicts just in the last couple years alone as we have put to-gether this legislation and tried to work on something that is actually evidence-based and will help. So many of them tell me they are ready. One grieving father told me his daughter had been in and out of treat-ment centers. Finally, after several years of trying to deal with her addic-tion, she acknowledged that she was ready. He personally took her to a treatment center in Ohio. They told him and told her that they would love to help, but they were fully booked. They didn’t have a bed available. They would hope to have one within a couple of weeks. During those 14 days, he found his daughter in her bedroom hav-ing overdosed, and she died. Those stories are heart-wrenching, yet they are stories from every one of our States. So access to treatment is important and access to longer term recovery is important so people can get back on track to lead healthy, produc-tive lives once again. It is also really important that we do a better job on prevention and edu-cation. Ultimately, to keep people out of the funnel of addiction is the most effective way to deal with this issue. We need to redouble our efforts there and to raise awareness, among other things, of the connection between pre-scription drugs and heroin and these other synthetic heroins, these opioids, because four out of five heroin addicts in your State—you are representing a State here in this body—probably started with prescription drugs and then shifted over to heroin. There is an opportunity for us to do more about that by raising that aware-ness, because when people learn more about that connection, they are smart-er about the danger that is inherent in taking these often-narcotic painkillers that are sometimes overprescribed. To raise awareness about this issue, I have come to the floor every week we have been in session since February. This is now our 29th speech about this issue—the opportunity to talk about it, to raise awareness about it. I will say again that over the course of those 29 weeks, a lot of things have happened by raising awareness. One is, this body passed legislation called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, otherwise known as CARA. We passed it in this Chamber after taking it through committee after 3 years of work—conferences, bringing people in from around the country, experts. The legislation fo-cuses on how to come up with a better way to do prevention, education, treat-ment, recovery, and to help our first responders with naloxone—this Narcan miracle drug—provide training, help get the prescription drugs off the shelves, drug take-back programs. All of this resulted in CARA passing this body by a vote of 92 to 2. That never happens around here. It was overwhelming bipartisan support for legislation that is needed. This past summer, late this summer, President Obama signed that legislation into law, and it is now being implemented. I commend the administration for mov-ing as quickly as possible. There are a couple of programs that are already up and running. We have now provided, for instance, for nurse practitioners and physicians assistants to be able to help with regard to medi-cation-assisted treatment. That is something that was urgent in my home State of Ohio and other places, the need to have more people able to help recovering addicts get back on track. That is happening right now. That is already being implemented. Other aspects of the legislation, in-cluding some of the prevention pro-grams and the national awareness cam-paign on connecting prescription drugs to heroin, are still being put into ef-fect. Today, I again urge the adminis-tration to move as quickly as possible and for the administration-elect, the new administration, to be prepared to step in to ensure that this legislation moves quickly. I think the legislation, CARA, is probably the most important anti-drug legislation we have passed in this body in at least two decades. It is evidence- based. It will improve prevention and treatment. It is the first time ever we have put long-term recovery into any legislation, which is incredibly impor-tant for success. We talked earlier about the difficulty of getting people out of the grip of addiction and having that longer term recovery aspect. Think of recovery housing and being supported by a supportive group rather than going back to the old neighbor or going back to a family who is suffering from this issue. That longer term re-covery really helps to improve the rates of success. That is in our legisla-tion. It also begins to remove this stigma of addiction. In some respects, I think that may be the most important part of the legislation. It acknowledges that addiction is a disease, and as a disease, it needs to be treated as such. When people come forward to be able to get treatment—and probably 8 out of 10 heroin addicts are not—you obviously see much better results for the person, for the family, and for the community. For example, think about Ashley from Dayton, OH. At just 32 years old, she died of a heroin overdose recently, leaving her three small children with-out a mom. After Ashley died, her mom went back and looked at her diary to see what she had said during her last several weeks. She found it, she read it, and what Ashley wrote in her diary will break your heart. It details her daily struggle with addiction. It talks about the pain and the suffering. Here is one passage: 
I am so ashamed. . . . I am an addict. I will always be an addict. . . . I know I need help [but] I’m afraid to get it . . . because I know I’ll need to go away for it. . . . I’ll be away from my kids. 
CARA was designed to help women like Ashley. It not only helps erase the stigma of addiction and get women like her to come forward, acknowledge their illness, and get the help they need, but it allows women in recovery to bring their kids with them. You have family treatment centers and funding available for those kinds of treatment centers and for longer term recovery so we can keep families to-gether. It authorizes $181 million in invest-ments in opioid programs every year going forward, and it ensures that tax-payer dollars are spent more wisely and effectively by channeling them to programs that have been tested and that we know, based on evidence, actu-ally work. Even with these new policies in place under CARA, we are going to have to fight every year for the funding as part of the appropriations process, and we are doing that today. In the most re-cent continuing resolution, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.018 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6943 December 9, 2016 
funds the government until tonight, we were able to get $37 million in short- term funding to be sure CARA was fully funded during that 4-month pe-riod of time. We will soon be voting on the next 4 months or so of a continuing resolu-tion, and once again, we have fought the good fight on both sides of the aisle. We have asked the Appropria-tions Committee to include the funding for CARA. We have been successful in doing that. There is full funding in the continuing resolution that will be voted on shortly that provides for the implementation of this legislation. That is very important because if that funding had not been provided for this short term, it would have been difficult to get the programs up and going on prevention, treatment, recovery, and helping first responders with regard to Narcan training and supply. That is important. If we fully fund it and we support getting more people into treat-ment, we will save lives, there is no question about it. If we fully fund the prevention, we will save lives. In addition to that funding, under the 21st Century Cures Act, which was just passed by the House and Senate over the past few days, there is addi-tional funding, and it is immediate funding that goes to the States. It al-lows the States to use their own pro-grams that they have through block grants to help address this crisis we face. I strongly support that. I think this epidemic is such that we need to do both—have the longer term, evi-dence-based programs in place year after year for the future, but also im-mediately give our States an infusion of funds to be able to help with their existing programs. I believe that legislation is critical to my home State of Ohio, and I know how it is going to be used; it will be used well. Our Department of Mental Health & Addiction Services needs it. That legislation was an authoriza-tion in the 21st Century Cures Act. It was 2 years of funding—$500 million next year, $500 million the next year— to fund dealing with this crisis imme-diately. That funding is now shifted into the continuing resolution. So for this year, under this appropriations bill we are about to vote on, we now have that additional funding of $500 million. So we had to do the authoriza-tion and then the appropriation, and that is part of the CR. That is something people should think about as they look at this con-tinuing resolution. We know this fund-ing will help because we know preven-tion keeps people out of this funnel of addiction the most effective way, and the treatment can work. I have met so many people across Ohio who have taken advantage of treatment, of a supportive environment that comes with recovery programs, and have been successful. There are so many stories of hope. One is the story of Rachel Motil from Columbus, OH. As a teenager, Rachel abused alcohol. She then turned to pills, and then once the pills were too expensive—as we said, all too com-mon—she switched to heroin. She stole from her family, even selling her moth-er’s arthritis medication. She stole jewelry from her boyfriend’s parents. She wrote herself checks from her mom’s checkbook. For those who are watching and lis-tening who have members of their fam-ily who are suffering from this illness, you know what I am talking about. She received help, finally. Her help came from Netcare crisis services ini-tially—detoxing and getting into treat-ment—and then Maryhaven Treatment Center. I visited Maryhaven in October. I had a chance to meet with some of the re-covering addicts who were there and talk to them about what they had been through. Rachel is an example of a success story. She is now 2 years sober and studying finance at Columbus State Community College. She is a success. If we fully fund CARA and if we get this legislation in place with regard to these Cures appropriations, we will see more success stories like that. We will save lives across our country. For all those who are suffering from the dis-ease of addiction—like Ashley from Dayton, Michael from Sandusky, or Rachel from Northland—let’s do the right thing. Let’s fight for them. Let’s implement CARA quickly. Let’s build on this commonsense law. Let’s sup-port additional funding now so we can help as many Americans as possible. By doing so, I believe we can begin to turn the tide on this addiction and not only save lives but help some of our constituents lead more productive and full lives. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to proceed, but be-fore I begin, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from California, Mrs. B
OXER , be recognized following my re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, this resolution will provide government funding through April 28 at the level prescribed in last year’s budget agree-ment. I urge the Senate to support the reso-lution. It provides funding to continue coun-terterrorism operations in Iraq, Af-ghanistan, and Syria. It supports our allies through the European Reassur-ance Initiative. It includes funding for humanitarian assistance and to protect American diplomats. The resolution also funds important priorities here at home. It appropriates $872 million to fight opioid abuse and support innovative cancer research. These funds will begin to implement the CURES Act, which the Senate passed earlier this week by a vote of 94 to 5. The resolution also contains funding to respond to Hurricane Matthew, se-vere flooding in Louisiana and other recent natural disasters. In total, $4 billion is available under this bill and will be allocated to recovery programs that benefit 45 of our States. The resolution also provides funding to help Flint, MI, respond to the con-tamination of its water supply and to help communities around the country provide safe drinking water. Mr. President, I urge the adoption of this resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I want to thank Senator COCHRAN for his cour-tesy in getting the time for me. 
COAL MINER HEALTH CARE BENEFITS AND WRDA  
Mr. President, some people may won-der why on a Friday we are still here and we are still arguing and we are still debating. There are several issues that are troubling to many people in the Senate and in the country, and a couple of them have a focus on them today. How this all ends remains to be seen, but I feel it is important for the American people to understand that there are some people here who are willing to take the time to explain why we can’t just go home right now. We are no different from any other Amer-ican. We don’t want to have to work on the weekend. We don’t want to have to be here when we don’t have to be, giv-ing speeches that we don’t have to give. I also want to give a shout-out to my friends who are calling attention to the plight of widows of miners—miners who went into the coal mines knowing full well they risked their lives every day. They knew that if something hap-pened to them, their widows would be taken care of. If we can’t take care of widows and children who are left be-hind because a coal miner risked his or her life, who are we fighting for and what are we doing here? Senator M
ANCHIN , Senator H EITKAMP , Senator C
ASEY , Senator S CHUMER , Sen-ator W
ARNER —several of my col-leagues—have been very clear. They have been taking to this floor warning the majority, the Republicans, that we want to take care of these widows. The money is there. It is there for them. In-stead, my Republican friends want to take it away. You know what? That is not happening without a fight. That is not happening without a fight. If we can’t defend widows and orphans, I have news for you, we don’t deserve to be here. Two days ago, I gave what was to be my final major speech on the floor of the Senate. Believe me, I don’t want to be here. I don’t want to talk on the floor. I wanted to go out with a great big smile on my face after working in politics for 40 years, but instead I am here to explain an issue that is very troubling. If you asked the average person what troubles them about Congress—they hate Congress. I think we get a 17-, 18- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.022 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6944 December 9, 2016 
maybe 12-percent rating. It is bad. It is hurtful. One of the things they hate about Congress is when we have a spe-cial interest rider dropped on a bill. No one has looked at it, there have been no hearings, and it has nothing to do with the bill. People are then forced into a situation where either they swallow that garbage or they can’t vote for the underlying bill, which may be very important to their State, their constituents, and their country. That is what is happening on the continuing resolution to keep the government open. There is a paltry 4-month exten-sion on the health care for the widows of coal miners. What good does that do? They are going to be frightened to death. What if they go to the doctor in that first month and the doctor says: I am watching a lump. It may be can-cerous. Come back in 3 months. They don’t know if they will even have health care. It is a disgrace. The wid-ows are not protected in the continuing resolution. What are we facing? Either we shut down the government or fight for the widows. OK. This is what people hate about Congress, and we don’t have to do it—not at all. If you believe you have great legislation, then go through the channels, introduce the bill, and have a hearing. If you think the min-ers’ widows deserve only 4 months, let’s have a discussion about it. We have another situation on an-other bill. The bill is called WRDA. You may have heard about it. What does it stand for? It stands for the Water Resources Development Act. This WRDA bill is a beautiful bill. My committee has worked on it for more than a year. I am proud to be the rank-ing member on that committee. I was the chairman, but when Republicans took the Senate back, Senator I
NHOFE  became the chairman. We worked hand in glove. We set aside our differences, we set aside poison pills, and we said we are going to put together a great bill, and we did. It is a great bill. It deals with flood control, ensures there is environmental restoration and that our ports are dredged and can, in fact, support the kind of commerce we need in the greatest country in the world. We have authorization for funding in there for desalination because we know we have droughts in the western States, and we need to work on that. We have authorization for ways to use technology to ensure we can increase our water supply, so we have author-ization in there for water recharging and water recycling. It is quite a bill. It has authorization in there to move forward with all of the Army Corps projects that have been looked at up and down and inside out. What we have in there for my State is incredible. I don’t think I have ever had a bill that did more for my State. We have projects in Sacramento, Los Angeles, and the San Francisco area. We have projects from north to south, east to west. We have levee fixes and the Lake Tahoe restoration that Sen-ator FEINSTEIN and I worked on. We have very important ecosystem res-toration. We have projects in Orange County and all over the State. Why do I say this? I say this to make the following point: If Senator B
OXER  has all of those great things for her State in the WRDA bill, why is she standing here saying, ‘‘Vote no’’? It isn’t easy. It breaks my heart, but I will tell you why. In the middle of the night, coming from the ceiling and airdropped into this bill was a dan-gerous 98-page rider which will become law with the WRDA bill. What does it do? It attacks the Endangered Species Act head-on. It gives operational in-structions on how to move water in my State away from the salmon fisheries and to big agribusiness, regardless of what the science says. If somebody says ‘‘Oh, my God, this is terrible; we will lose the salmon fishery,’’ it will take a very long time to have that study, and it will be too late to save the fishery. This isn’t just about the salmon; it is about the people who fish. They are distressed about this issue. They represent tens of thousands of families who rely on having enough water for the fishery. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the letter signed by this vast array of fishermen and some letters from all of those who rely on salmon fishery be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
GOLDEN GATESALMON ASSOCIATION , December 6, 2016. Re OPPOSE—Anti-Salmon Provisions in WRDA D
EAR CONGRESSIONAL LEADERS : I write from the Golden Gate Salmon Association asking that you oppose the California drought language in the Water Resources De-velopment Act (WRDA) bill. This language calls for severe weakening of existing protections for salmon in Califor-nia’s Central Valley. Although those protec-tions are designed primarily to aid ESA-list-ed winter and spring run salmon and steelhead, they also provide great benefit to unlisted fall run salmon which supplies the west coast fishery. Tens of thousands of fishing jobs in both California, and Oregon hang in the balance. The existing protections are based on the best available science, which has been af-firmed in multiple court cases up to the Ninth US Court of Appeals as well as through an outside scientific review by the National Research Council requested by Sen-ator Feinstein. The proposed language orders science-based measures to balance water for agriculture, municipal, industrial and fish-ing industry be tossed out and replaced with a political prescription aimed at rewarding a small group in the western San Joaquin Val-ley and points south. California salmon fishermen, both sport and commercial, have suffered from very poor fishing seasons over the last two years. This is primarily due to the effects of drought and poor water management, which have undercut the ability of salmon to repro-duce and survive in Central Valley rivers. Now is the time to help these salmon runs recover, not tear them down more. The economic value of salmon derives not only from commercially caught fish, but also from the hundreds of millions of dollars sport fishermen spend annually to pursue salmon. These dollars breathe life into the not only the California coastal economy, but also inland river communities where rec-reational salmon fishing is big. Commercial fishermen have suffered after not only back to back poor salmon seasons but also disruption in their other main in-come source, the Dungeness crab fishery. Adding more injury is not right especially when there are other, more sustainable ways to address California’s water future. The drought bill language would allow far more diversion of northern California water to the massive pumps that send it south, especially at the sensitive time of year when baby salmon are trying to migrate to the ocean. As water is diverted from its natural course, so too are baby salmon which mostly die along the way to the pumps. Those that sur-vive to the pumps usually die shortly there-after. The National Marine Fisheries Service, which authored the salmon protections cur-rently in place, has tacitly acknowledged the need to strengthen, not weaken them, by calling for both amending the existing bio-logical opinion as well as formally reiniti-ating consultation on the opinion. The last thing we need now is political interference in a process best left to fishery scientists and biologists. Adoption of the Feinstein/McCarthy drought bill language into law would undo some of the progress we’ve made restoring our salmon runs since 2009, when the existing biop replaced a prior one found to be ille-gally un-protective of salmon. Under that prior, weak set of regulations, we saw our salmon runs decline to the point where the ocean fishery was shut for the first time in history in 2008 and 2009. The language being considered now would send us back to a simi-lar desperate situation rapidly. It would al-most certainly lead to another steep collapse of Central Valley salmon runs. Please do what you can to stop this drought proposal from becoming law, includ-ing opposing cloture in the Senate. We have new and much better ways to address our water future in California that some old thinkers simply refuse to consider. Sincerely, J
OHNMCMANUS , Executive Director, Golden Gate Salmon Association. 
DECEMBER 6, 2016. S
ALMON FISHING INDUSTRY OPPOSES  C
ALIFORNIA DROUGHT RIDER IN WRDA D
EAR HONORABLE MEMBERS : The under-signed commercial fishing industry groups strongly oppose Mr. McCarthy’s California water language inserted in the House version of the Water Resources Development Act. King salmon was once the West’s most im-portant fishery. It now hangs in the balance, as what should be an infinitely renewable re-source has consistently lost political battles in the war over California’s water. This last- minute rider is a knife in the gut of the thousands of commercial fishermen and fish-ery-dependent businesses that harvest and supply local, wild-caught seafood to millions of American consumers. The language purports to offer drought re-lief, but in so doing, it picks drought winners and drought losers in California and beyond. The winners are the handful of industrial irrigators of the San Joaquin Valley that stand to benefit from rollbacks of the Endan-gered Species Act and other salmon protec-tions, and the politically (not scientifically) mandated operation of the federal water sys-tem in California. The losers are the fishery- dependent businesses, such as commercial and charter-for-hire fishermen, seafood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:35 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.024 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6945 December 9, 2016 
wholesalers, ice docks, fuel docks, shipwrights, manufacturers, restaurants, ho-tels and direct-to-consumer seafood pur-veyors that make a living on the availability of salmon. It’s a policy choice to sacrifice a naturally sustainable food system for a food system that requires government subsidies, massive publicly-funded infrastructure projects, and continual litigation. It is the wrong choice for the small businesses and families that harvest this resource on the West Coast. West Coast salmon fisheries are in crisis. The salmon fishing communities in all three states have requested or are considering the need for fishery disaster declarations for the 2016 due to extremely low productivity. We are a proud community that wants to work, not resort to government handouts. We ask that you do everything in your power to pre-vent this language from becoming law. Thank you for your consideration. Mike McCorkle for Southern California Trawlers Association (Santa Barbara), Stephanie Mutz for Commercial Fishermen of Santa Barbara, Bill Ward for Port San Luis Fishermen’s Marketing Association, Lori French for Morro Bay Commercial Fish-ermen’s Organization, Mike Ricketts for Monterey Fishermen’s Marketing Associa-tion, Tom McCray for Moss Landing Com-mercial Fishermen’s Association, Joe Stoops for Santa Cruz Fishermen’s Marketing Asso-ciation, Lisa Damrosch for Half Moon Bay Seafood Marketing Association, Larry Col-lins for San Francisco Crab Boat Owners As-sociation, Don Marshall for Small Boat Com-mercial Salmon Fishermen’s Association (at- large), Lorne Edwards for Bodega Bay Fish-ermen’s Marketing Association, Bill Forkner for Salmon Trollers Marketing Association (Ft. Bragg), Dave Bitts for Humboldt Fisher-men’s Marketing Association, Tim Sloane for Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations, Joel Kawahara for Coastal Trollers Association (Washington). 
DECEMBER 6, 2016. D
EAR SENATOR : On behalf of the under-signed organizations, we are writing to urge you to strip the anti-environmental rider re-garding California water from the Water Re-sources Development Act (WRDA) (Subtitle J of Title III of S. 612). This poison pill rider would gut environmental protection in Cali-fornia’s Bay-Delta, threatening thousands of salmon fishing jobs and worsening water quality conditions. These provisions are in-consistent with California law and expressly violate the requirements of biological opin-ions under the Endangered Species Act, and as a result are likely to lead to extensive litigation and undermine progress on long- term solutions. The White House announced today that the Administration opposes this language in WRDA. The broad opposition to this rider demonstrates that its inclusion threatens to scuttle enactment of WRDA. This rider would not only affect California, but also threatens the thousands of fishing jobs across the West Coast that depend on salmon from California’s Bay-Delta water-shed. Moreover, the rider would authorize construction of new dams across the 17 Rec-lamation states, without Congressional re-view and authorization for these new projects. Drought, not environmental laws, is the primary cause of low water supplies in Cali-fornia. The state of California is working to protect the environment and the economy by investing in sustainable water supply solu-tions including water use efficiency, water recycling, urban stormwater capture, and improved groundwater recharge and manage-ment. The Federal government should not undermine environmental protections under the guise of drought relief, but should in-stead complement state investments in sus-tainable water solutions. Adding a poison pill rider undermining the Endangered Species Act and threatening thousands of fishing jobs sets up a false choice between clean water in Flint and healthy waterways in California. This is out-rageous and unacceptable. The people of Flint have waited too long for safe drinking water to be victimized again by this kind of political backroom dealing. We urge you to strike this anti-environ-mental rider from the bill. If this language remains in the bill, we urge you to vote to oppose cloture. Sincerely, Natural Resources Defense Council, League of Conservation Voters, Defenders of Wild-life, Earthjustice, Sierra Club, National Au-dubon Society, Clean Water Action, Greenpeace. E2, December 6, 2016. D
EAR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS : As business leaders focused on policies that promote a growing economy and healthy environment, we ask that you oppose cloture on the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) if it contains the recently added language regard-ing California water. Environmental Entrepreneurs (E2) is a na-tional, nonpartisan group of business leaders who advocate for smart policies that drive innovation in business while protecting the environment. Our members have founded or funded more than 2,500 companies, created more than 600,000 jobs, and manage more than $100 billion in venture and private eq-uity capital. In California, E2 has more than 500 members who belong to three regional E2 chapters and who do business across the state. WRDA is critical legislation that supports dozens of badly needed water infrastructure projects in just as many communities, in-cluding emergency funds to help alleviate the crisis in Flint, MI. Moreover, it is unac-ceptable that this controversial language, which undermines environmental protec-tions for wildlife and threatens the tens of thousands of fishing and recreation jobs that depend on them, was added to the legislation at the eleventh hour. Water shortages in California are due to a sustained drought, overutilization of re-sources and a low groundwater table. Unfor-tunately this newly-added language will not solve any of those issues. What these short- sighted provisions could do, however, is dam-age the large salmon fishing industry that is fed from the Central Valley, and hurt thou-sands of fishing and recreational jobs up and down the West Coast. Though we agree there is an urgent need to address California drought and competing needs in the state, we think that should be done through a comprehensive process in stand-alone legislation that factors in the importance of the fishing industry and other economic issues. E2 urges you to aid a consensus WRDA bill that solves problems without putting jobs at risk. Sincerely, B
OBKEEFE , Executive Director, Environmental Entrepreneurs (E2). 
TROUT UNLIMITED , December 8, 2016. D
EARMEMBERS OF THE HOUSE AND SENATE : Trout Unlimited is opposed to the drought provision that has been added to the WRDA bill being considered by the House, as it un-dermines an otherwise salutary Water Re-sources Development Act (WRDA) bill devel-oped in a bipartisan manner by the House and Senate authorizing committees. We urge Congress to strip this drought provision (Subtitle J—California Water, §§4001–4014) and pass the WRDA bill before it adjourns this month. We urge Congress to renew its efforts to address California and western drought through an open and collaborative process to arrive at solutions which work for all stakeholders. Trout Unlimited works with agricultural producers, states, counties, communities and other stakeholders throughout the West to find solutions to pernicious drought. Durable and fair drought solutions are best developed through open and collaborative processes with all stakeholders. The Yakima and Klamath pieces of legislation in the Energy bill are two excellent regional examples, but in fact on the ground throughout the West, there are many more local examples of drought solutions which help rivers and fish, producers and communities. Right now drought is most severe in Cali-fornia. Thus, we understand and appreciate the hard work that Senator Feinstein, Rep-resentatives McCarthy, Valadao and others have invested in trying to help interests in California deal with the drought. But, the drought provision added to the House WRDA bill in recent days is not the result of an open and collaborative legislative process. Though California is the drought hardship epicenter, drought is prevalent in other areas of the West, and may well be coming soon to many others areas of the country. Congress should reward open and collabo-rative processes for dealing with drought. All of our interests must face drought challenges together. All of our interests must be in-cluded in fair and balanced solutions. Con-gress should not reward legislation not de-veloped in an open and collaborative proc-ess—in California or any other state—that adversely impacts so many stakeholders. Some sections of the ‘‘Subtitle J—Cali-fornia Water’’ drought provision extend west-wide, and risk upending years of local, watershed-based investment by stakeholders to arrive at water scarcity solutions that meet agricultural, environmental and mu-nicipal needs. Section 4007, for example, au-thorizes the ‘‘design, study, and construction or expansion’’ of new federal dams across the seventeen western states without Congres-sional oversight. §4007(b)(1). Section 4007(h)(1) also authorizes $335 million for new dam building. Allowing the Interior Depart-ment to authorize federal dams without Con-gressional oversight breaks with decades of longstanding law and practice. Even more significantly, unilaterally fa-voring and underwriting a federal dam sets back local, watershed-based, collaborative efforts to find multi-pronged solutions to drought and water scarcity that benefit all stakeholders: agricultural, environmental, and municipal. The legislation would directly harm Trout Unlimited members, fishing-related busi-nesses, and the communities that depend on them. Central Valley salmon, when healthy, contribute $1.4 billion to the economy and support 23,000 jobs. This fishery constitutes 60 percent of Oregon’s coastal salmon catch and part of Washington’s as well. It would be a tragedy to have salmon disappear from the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers. The drought has been hard on everyone, but no-body has been harder hit than commercial and recreational fishing businesses. Finally, Congress should consider that the bill would undermine actions taken under California water law. This will lead to need-less litigation, igniting more controversy and threatening the progress that California and the Interior Department has made to-ward finding sustainable drought solutions. Federal policies should support rather than undermine state water law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.006 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6946 December 9, 2016 
It is never too late in a Congress to renew efforts to find lasting, fair, solutions to drought problems. Many members have worked hard on important provisions of the WRDA bill that deserve passage, including several provisions which will restore water-sheds and provide clean drinking water. We hope Congress will not hold those meri-torious provisions hostage to an unworkable and unrelated drought measure. We urge the House and the Senate to work together to find a better solution to the California drought, eliminate Subtitle J—California Water, §§4001–4014, from the House WRDA bill, and approve the WRDA bill before ad-journing this Congress. Sincerely, S
TEVE MOYER , Vice President, Government Affairs, Trout Unlimited. 
Mrs. BOXER. I know it is a holiday. God knows I know that. This year Ha-nukkah and Christmas come at the same time, and my grandkids celebrate both. I want to go home, but the people who depend on the water to support the salmon fishing industry may not be able to celebrate this year because someone over there named K
EVIN M
CCARTHY dropped—in the dead of night—a rider on a beautiful bill called WRDA and wrecked it. He never once thought about the people who rely on fishing. It is a disgrace. Who is signing the letter, saying, ‘‘Don’t do this, don’t do this, don’t do this’’? The Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Asso-ciations, the Golden Gate Salmon As-sociation, the Southern California Trawlers Association of Santa Barbara, the Commercial Fishermen of Santa Barbara, the Port San Luis Fisher-men’s Marketing Association, the Morro Bay Commercial Fishermen’s Organization, the Monterey Fisher-men’s Marketing Association, the Moss Landing Commercial Fishermen’s As-sociation, the Santa Cruz Fishermen’s Marketing Association, the Half Moon Bay Fishermen’s Marketing Associa-tion, the San Francisco Crab Boat Owner’s Association, the Small Boat Salmon Fishermen’s Association, the Fishermen’s Marketing Association of Bodega Bay, the Salmon Trollers Mar-keting Association, the Humboldt Fishermen’s Marketing Association, the Coastal Trollers Association. I am putting those in the R
ECORD . In all of my lifetime serving, I have never seen such an outcry from one in-dustry. There is no disagreement. The water will be taken away for agri-business regardless of what the sci-entists think. You may say: Senator, what was con-trolling this before this power grab? It is a law. It is a law called the Endan-gered Species Act. You may then ask: What liberal poli-tician or President signed that? Let me give you the answer. It was a Repub-lican named Richard Nixon. What breaks my heart more than anything else—and I have said it before—is how the environment has become such a hot-button issue. I want to talk about the Endangered Species Act. We have landmark laws in our Nation. It makes our Nation great. We have the Clean Water Act, Safe Drinking Water Act, Endangered Spe-cies Act, the Toxic Control Substances Act, and the Brownfields Law. These are landmark laws beloved by the peo-ple. If you went out on the street or if I asked up in the gallery how many peo-ple think we should protect our endan-gered species, I would be surprised if more than a few disagreed with that. Let me show you why. What has been saved by the Endangered Species Act? How about nothing less than the Amer-ican bald eagle. This species was on its way to extinction, but because of the Endangered Species Act, we learned that there were only enough left for a few years, and so the endangered spe-cies law said: No, no, no, no. We have to change what we do and protect this species. The American eagle was pro-tected because Richard Nixon, as well as Democrats and Republicans, be-lieved we needed an Endangered Spe-cies Act. That was in the 1960s. Now we have a frontal assault on the Endan-gered Species Act. Let me show you what else we have saved under the Endangered Species Act. This is the California condor. It is a magnificent species. It is God’s cre-ation. We talk about our faith here, and I never ever doubt anybody’s faith, but I am saying if you are truly a be-liever, then you work to protect God’s creations. It is part of our responsi-bility. Here it is. What would have hap-pened if this Endangered Species Act had been changed to say, ‘‘Don’t worry about the science, do whatever you want, and if it is bothering the hunters or fishermen, just throw it out the win-dow’’? We wouldn’t have saved these creatures. I will show some others. This is the Peregrine falcon. Just looking at this magnificent thing makes you smile. Again, it is endangered. If there had been legislation like what was dropped at midnight from KEVIN MCCARTHY on the Endangered Species Act, we might have lost this magnificent creature. So to say that we should just go home to our families, children, and grand-children without calling attention to what is on the WRDA bill that I love— let me be clear. Personally, I win ei-ther way. One way I win is if we stop this bill and take off this horrible rider and pass it clean. That would be the most amazing thing. And if we don’t, I bring home 26 incredible projects to my people. It is not about me. We have one more to show you. This is the great sea turtle. This beautiful creature was saved by the Endangered Species Act. If we had similar legisla-tion about this magnificent creature and it said that 7 out of 10 people be-lieve it is harming their business, let’s just forget about it, we don’t really need it, we would not have saved this. So when you drop this—I call it a mid-night rider—on a beautiful bill and say we are going to violate the Endangered Species Act unless somebody can prove it is really bad, you are destroying the Endangered Species Act. What right does anybody have to do that in the middle of the night, in the darkness, before Christmas, days before govern-ment funding runs out? I say nobody should have the right to do it. Since they did it, I am going to make noise about it. Believe me, I am on the way out the door. Did I want to do this? No. I did my speech. I was so thrilled to do it. My family was up there. I am in the middle of a battle now. Well, I guess that is how it is. You come in fighting, you go out fighting. That is just the way it goes. A lot of people say: Oh, BARBARA , why do you want to do this? You had such a beautiful speech. It was a high note. I can’t. I am alive. I know what is going on. I am going to tell the truth. The truth is, K
EVIN MCCARTHY has been trying to get more water for big agri-business in his—water in my State is very contentious. My view about water is that every-body comes to the table. We work it out together. I don’t like the water war. He has launched another water war battle for big agribusiness against the salmon fishery. It is ugly. It is wrong. It is going to wind up at the courthouse door anyway. Why are we doing this? It is not right. We don’t need to fight about water. All the stakeholders just have to sit down and work together. I love the fact that my State pro-duces more fruit and vegetables and nuts—it is the breadbasket of the world. Under most measurements, farmers use 80 percent of the water—80 percent of the water. In a drought situ-ation, why would you then hurt the other stakeholders because an almond grower wants to do more almond grow-ing? It takes 1 gallon to produce one al-mond. I love almonds. Believe me, they are a fabulous food. There is a recent study that they are really healthy for you. I want everyone to eat almonds. But they export a ton of them. We have to preserve the environment in our State and not run these fishermen out. What has really been interesting is the editorials that have come about as a result of this midnight rider. I would like to highlight an editorial by the Sacramento Bee on December 7, 2016, titled ‘‘Feinstein, McCarthy strike water deal, but war goes on.’’ This is it. This is what I am reading from. ‘‘The Federal legislation almost sure-ly will result in increased water ex-ports, its basic point, and contains un-fortunate language that would allow Federal authorities to override sci-entists and order water exports that could further damage the delta and fisheries.’’ What is the delta? The delta is a se-ries of islands through which the nat-ural rainwater runs. The water gets pu-rified. It runs into our rivers and streams. It supports the salmon fish-ery, and it supports clean drinking water, but if you rip away that water, you are going to have more salt in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.009 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6947 December 9, 2016 
water that remains. It is going to be more expensive for the people to get it to drinking quality. So what you have is a circumstance where you are not only running the salmon fishery out, but you are also destroying the water quality—the drinking water quality—for many users in the area who rely on the delta water and making it far more expensive to clean up the water because it has so much salt in it. Here is the Sacramento Bee saying that ‘‘the unfortunate language would allow Federal authorities to override scientists and order water exports that could further damage the Delta and fisheries.’’ I think I have explained to you what that means. It destroys and harms not only the salmon fishery, but it also de-stroys and harms drinking water. Now, the bill, it says—this is the rider that is on my beautiful WRDA bill that I love so much, that I wrote with J
IM I
NHOFE . ‘‘The bill authorizes additional pumping unless fishery scientists can prove there will be damage to fish, vir-tually an impossible standard.’’ So when those who support this say: Oh, don’t worry, B
ARBARA , yes, they will pump at the maximum ability con-stantly, but there has to be a report. Well, by the time they finish their re-port, there will be a lot of dead fish or no fish. It goes on to say: ‘‘But no one should kid themselves. This bill will result in damage to the environment. And it won’t end California’s water wars.’’ Let me say that again. This is the Sacramento Bee. This is not known for any type of liberal editorializing. ‘‘But no one should kid themselves. This bill will result in damage to the environment. And it won’t end Califor-nia’s water wars.’’ So we put that in the R
ECORD along with all of the different fishing groups that strongly oppose this. So we are here, and everyone is calling me: Oh, let’s go home. Let’s go home. I want to go home. I really want to go home be-cause this is the end of my last term, but I can’t. Let the clock go. It will run out. But the fact remains, we have to take a stand against these midnight riders that drop from the ceiling that attack Richard Nixon’s Endangered Species Act that we all supported for-ever until now. I guess it is easy to say, I support the Endangered Species Act until someone says: Oh, there is an en-dangered species. Then you say: Oh, never mind. No. No. No. You support it because you want to protect God’s creatures, and then you keep supporting it. You don’t attack it on a rider that was dropped at mid-night, never had a hearing on a bill that has nothing to do with the subject matter. What they did belongs in the Energy bill, but they did not want to put it in there. They wanted to put it in WRDA because WRDA is so popular. WRDA is a beautiful bill, a beautiful bill that I worked on that is going to be my legacy bill. So here I am standing up making a big fuss on my own bill and saying vote no on it. That is really hard. I hope no one in this body ever has to do this. It is a very difficult thing. Now, you may ask: Who really cares about the salmon fishery? Who really cares about the En-dangered Species Act? Well, how about every environmental organization that I know of in the country. So who are they? They are the Nat-ural Resources Defense Council, that has clearly stated this is a violation of the Endangered Species Act; the League of Conservation Voters, an or-ganization that follows this. They are scoring this vote. They are scoring this vote; Defenders of Wildlife, who are committed to protecting God’s crea-tures; Earth Justice; the Sierra Club; National Audubon Society; Clean Water Action; Greenpeace; Trout Un-limited—that has a huge participation of fishermen, recreational fishermen; Environmental Entrepreneurs. These are actually business leaders in this country who care about what we do. I will read a little bit of the Trout Unlimited letter. Trout Unlimited is opposed to the drought provision that has been added to the WRDA bill being considered by the House as it un-dermines an otherwise salutary Water Re-sources Development Act bill developed in a bipartisan manner by the House and Senate. 
What a beautiful opening sentence. They get it. Trout Unlimited—they are not liberals or conservatives. They just like to go and have a good time with recreational fishing. There will not be a fishery left because of the bill that was dropped from the ceiling at mid-night, because someone wanted to take water away from the salmon fishery and give it to agribusiness, disgraceful. Why don’t we work together on get-ting more water? This is not a drought bill. It is called the California drought bill. It is ridiculous. It has nothing to do with increasing the water. All it does is move water from one place to another, and the additional authoriza-tions on it—on the rider—are already in the underlying WRDA bill. We don’t need this. It calls for desal. It calls for water recharging. It calls for recycling. So this is a phony name of the bill, California drought bill. It does zero, zero, zero to help with the drought. All it does is it attacks the fishing industry. That is it. Thousands of jobs, because one Con-gressman over there represents a little district, and he is delivering to agri-business. It is shameful. We stand here and we decry the fact that the widows of the miners are getting the shaft— and they are. I stand with them. I ask my colleagues to vote no on a bill that contains language that will undo the salmon fisheries on the entire West Coast. I speak for M
ARIA CANTWELL , who will also be down here to speak, I speak for R
ONWYDEN , I speak for J EFF M
ERKLEY , I speak for P ATTY MURRAY . We are apoplectic about this. You want to do in the salmon fishery, have the guts to have a hearing on it. Have the guts to look in the faces of those salm-on fishery people, have the guts to tell it to their faces. Don’t drop this thing at the last minute, Christmastime, and we are all going to be good little girls and boys and say: Oh, we are going to go home. No, we are not. We are not. It is not right. You know, I grew up, there was right and there was wrong. You can’t turn away from wrong, even if it is inconvenient. It is inconvenient. I have stood alone on this floor. I am not standing alone on this, but I would if I had to. Let’s see what some of these environ-mentalists have said. How about E2, the environmental business leaders— what do they say? ‘‘As business leaders focused on poli-cies that promote a growing economy and healthy environment, we ask that you vote no on the cloture on Water Resources Development Act if it con-tains the added language regarding California water.’’ They say they are a nonpartisan group of business leaders, and they have funded venture capital and com-panies. They said that WRDA is crit-ical and that this language will not solve any drought issues. Its short-sighted provisions could damage the large salmon industry that is fed from the Central Valley and hurt thousands of fishing and recreational jobs up and down the west coast. What I am telling you is the truth. Here is a bill that is called the Cali-fornia drought bill, and it does noth-ing—nothing at all—to bring water in because all of the language that would deal with desalinization and high tech-nology is already in the WRDA bill. That is a phony bill, and there is no mandatory funding in it for those pur-poses. But what is mandatory is that, regardless of the situation, water will be pumped away from the salmon fish-eries and toward big agribusiness. There are some who say: Oh, why don’t we do this? It will be worse next year. Really? The agribusiness people have already said that this is just a start. So if we allow this to go on without people paying attention, we are opening up the door to more and more attacks. Mr. President, I would like to discuss an editorial in the San Jose Mercury News on December 8, 2016, titled, ‘‘As Boxer retires, Feinstein sells out the Delta.’’ This editorial is very strong in favor of the salmon fisheries. They say that this rider sells out to Central Valley water interests. It guts environmental protections. We will have devastating long-term effects on the Sacramento- San Joaquin Delta ecosystem. They talk about my stand on this, and they note that I will not be here, and that I am taking a stand on this. They call this rider, the one that takes the water away from the salmon fisheries and gives it to agribusiness, an ‘‘80-page document negotiated be-hind closed doors [which] allows max-imum pumping of water from the Delta 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.026 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6948 December 9, 2016 
to the Central Valley and elimi-nates’’—I am going to talk about this— ‘‘important congressional oversight over building dams.’’ I am going to take a minute on this. I forgot to mention this. This bill—this rider that was added is called the Cali-fornia drought bill. It is way more than that; it is how to kill the salmon fish-eries in the west coast bill because it doesn’t only kill them in California, it kills them in Oregon and Washington. It kills thousands and thousands of jobs. That is why we put in the R
ECORD  all the people in the salmon industry who oppose this rider. It also says—and this is amazing— that in 11 Western States over the next 5 years, the administration coming in will be able to singlehandedly author-ize the building of dams, which, as you know, wreak havoc with the natural environment in our rivers and are very expensive. Congress has always been involved in the authorization of dams because we hold hearings. We ask questions. Why should we do it? Why shouldn’t we do it? We bring together all the parties, and we make a decision. This rider takes away the authority from Con-gress to authorize dams in the 11 West-ern States. So I say rhetorically to Mr. M
CCAR-
THY: Do you really distrust your col-leagues so much that you no longer trust them to have anything to say about whether a dam should be built or not? Do you really want to take away the authority from your colleagues to call experts together to ask why this dam is needed? What would the pluses be if this is built? What would the minuses be? What would happen to wildlife? What would happen to the en-vironment if it is being built on an earthquake fault? You may laugh at that, but there was a proposal in Northern California to build enormous dams on earthquake faults. The only reason it was stopped was congres-sional hearings. Now President-Elect Trump will be able to determine in the 11 Western States that have BLM land whether or not dams can be built, and Congress will have no say. But the answer to that is: Oh, but they still have to fund it. Well, I have been in that dance before, and I know how that works. Allow just a few dol-lars in it, and it is on the books. This bill is awful. It is awful, and I am so grateful to these newspapers in Cali-fornia that have called them out on it. Mr. President, I have a Republican Senator complaining that I am talking too long. What is the situation on the floor? Can Senators speak as long as they wish? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are no limitations. Mrs. BOXER. So I will continue to speak, and when I am done, I am done. It may be soon because I am getting a little tired, but I will keep talking for a while. I say to everybody that I am sorry, but don’t drop a midnight rider on a beautiful bill that I worked on for 2 years with my colleague Senator INHOFE , and then say: I am really an-noyed because she is talking too much. I am sorry. I apologize, but I am going to talk until I am done, and the Senator from Washington is going to talk until she is done. Don’t drop a midnight rider and de-stroy the fishing industry and say that Congress will no longer have the abil-ity to authorize the building of dams. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, will the Senator from California yield for a question? Mrs. BOXER. Of course I will. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, to the Senator from California, I thank her for being here in this discussion today about a very important public policy issue. It is December and most people know that high jinks happen in December around here. People want to go home. People are doing last-minute deals. I don’t know if the Senator from California knows, but the whole de-regulation of Enron and the energy markets—that whole thing was a De-cember midnight rider kind of activity. All of these things happen because they know that Members want to go home. They think it is the last deal and they can throw something in and everybody will go along with it and blame it on, oh, I didn’t read the fine print. There are a couple of things in here that I just wanted to ask the Senator from California about. I am going to talk later. I wanted to get over here and ask her because she is a knowl-edgeable person on this. First, this rider that was placed in the WRDA bill—is that in the jurisdic-tion of your committee? Mrs. BOXER. Absolutely not, my friend. As you know, it is in the juris-diction of your committee. It has abso-lutely nothing to do with mine. I would say there are two pieces added that we have a little jurisdiction on, funding for desal, but that is already in the base WRDA bill. So I can honestly say to my friend that this is a horrible rider in and of itself. One of the other problems with it is it has gone through the wrong committee. That is right. It belongs in the jurisdiction of the com-mittee which is yours and Senator M
URKOWSKI ’s. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article from the San Francisco Chronicle that says, ‘‘Stop Feinstein’s water-bill rider.’’ This is a great article about how it isn’t the jurisdiction of this committee and how it is a rider, which is one of the most objectionable parts for our colleagues because regular order wasn’t followed and it sets a bad precedent. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From San Francisco Chronicle, Dec. 7, 2016] S
TOPFEINSTEIN ’SWATER -BILLRIDER (Editorial) Sen. Dianne Feinstein calls her rider to a bipartisan water appropriations bill a way to improve efficiencies and capture more supply from ‘‘wasted’’ river flows for California cit-ies, agriculture and the environment. Sen. Barbara Boxer, the author of the bill the rider amends, calls it a ‘‘poison pill’’ and vows to filibuster it to death. A more temperate read from President Obama’s Department of the Interior: Fein-stein’s drought rider would further com-plicate already very, very complicated fed-eral water operations in California with no clear gains. The department, and the White House, are opposed, and rightly so. California’s two senators, both Democrats, are expected to battle it out in the Senate after the Water Resources Development Act (S612) with Feinstein’s California drought rider sails through the House Thursday. The Senate fight may be Boxer’s last salvo before she retires, and it is unclear she can marshal enough votes to block her own bill. The 700- page bill authorizes funding for dozens of water infrastructure projects around the country and emergency aid for Flint, Mich., which has lead-contaminated water. Feinstein defended her 90-page California drought resolution as a needed defense against an anticipated Republican effort to open up the Environmental Species Act for major revisions next year. This might in-clude allowing water contractors to increase pumping to levels that would benefit agri-culture but devastate already threatened na-tive fish and essentially strip away hard-won protections for the environment. She teamed up with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R–Bakersfield, to squeeze the package which authorizes $558 million for de-salination, water recycling, and storage (both dams and groundwater) projects, into an end-of-the year bill. ‘‘If California is going to grow, we must be able to provide prudent amounts of water to our people, and we can’t do that right now,’’ she said in a telephone interview. Feinstein said she has drafted 28 versions during the three years she has tried to pass such legislation. But is the rider a shield against worse leg-islation action or a blueprint to gut the En-vironmental Species Act? McCarthy de-scribed the rider as a modest package of pro-visions to ameliorate the effects of Califor-nia’s drought, now in its sixth year. Feinstein said the rider allows maximum diversions within the legal protections of the Environmental Species Act and the biologi-cal opinions (scientific findings) that guide federal water policy. The environmental community and Boxer see it as the first and immediate step of a larger plan to divert more water to San Joaquin Valley farmers and Los Angeles area water users. Drought and warming temperatures, one of the effects of climate change, are tipping off mass extinction of the species in the San Francisco Bay and its estuary. We have to work to share water among people, farms and the environment of California—not try to benefit one interest with a midnight rider. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I would also like to ask the Senator from California if she is aware that in this legislation there is also language—and I am not sure this is in the jurisdiction of your com-mittee either—giving the ability to have dams built in 17 States without initial overview by the U.S. Congress, without any other discussions. There would be blanket authority given to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.028 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6949 December 9, 2016 
build dams in 17 States without the input of cities, counties, constituents, interest groups, river constituents, fishermen. We have several projects we have been discussing in the Pacific North-west that I have been involved with and have visited with many people to talk about. People go methodically through these issues and discuss them in a collaborative way because there are tradeoffs and every community has a different opinion. So the notion that we would forgo our own State’s ability to raise questions here in the U.S. Sen-ate about somebody building a dam in our State—why would any Member want to forgo their ability as a Member of the U.S. Senate or House of Rep-resentatives to provide their input on a dam being built on a river in their State? Is the Senator aware of this pro-vision? Mrs. BOXER. Senator, I was just talking about it briefly, and I actually misstated it, so I am glad I was cor-rected. This rider, dropped at midnight, going on a bill that is a beautiful bill that I worked on for so long and that the Senator from Washington has worked on—and there are a lot of won-derful things in there. This rider went through the wrong committee. The issue you talk about, the ability of the President of the United States to, by himself, authorize dams in the Western States for the next 5 years anywhere in those States is unheard of, and it is in your committee’s jurisdiction. It is in the jurisdiction of the Energy Com-mittee. I hope Senator M
URKOWSKI is outraged as well. The fact is, the Senator is absolutely right. We have a Senator and a Con-gressman getting together and saying that the Congress should be bypassed and have no say in where dams should be put, whether dams should be built at all, and it is in the jurisdiction of the Energy Committee. It is not in the ju-risdiction of Environment and Public Works. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from California for that explanation. I also ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD another San Francisco story from just yesterday where an attorney, Doug Obegi, basi-cally says, to my colleague’s point about the midnight darkness of this, that the densely technical text ‘‘explic-itly authorize[s] the Trump adminis-tration to violate the biological opin-ions under the Endangered Species Act.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From sfgate.com, Dec. 8, 2016] H
OUSE OKSBILLTOINCREASE PUMPING FROM S
TATE RIVERS ; FISH AT RISK (By Carolyn Lochhead) W
ASHINGTON .—With the help of Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D–Calif., House Repub-licans moved closer Thursday to achieving their long-sought goal of undermining the Endangered Species Act to deliver more water to California farmers, with the over-whelming passage of a popular water infra-structure bill. The bill, which moves to the Senate, con-tains a legislative rider inserted by Fein-stein and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R–Bakersfield, that would allow the incoming Trump administration to in-crease pumping from the state’s rivers by overruling biological opinions from fish and wildlife agencies that protect salmon, smelt and other native fish that are nearing ex-tinction for lack of flowing rivers. The nearly 100-page rider, filled with dense, technical language dictating operation of California’s water system, blindsided retir-ing Sen. Barbara Boxer, who plans a last- ditch effort in the Senate to block the entire Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, which she co-authored. Boxer has rounded up support from Sen. Maria Cantwell, D–Wash., and other West Coast senators but will need 41 votes to pre-vent the bill from getting beyond the Senate. Killing the popular infrastructure bill is an uphill climb, but Boxer said the vote will be close. On Thursday, the House passed the bill 360– 61, with Bay Area Democrats powerless to stop it. It authorizes billions of dollars in water projects across the nation, including a few for lead poisoning for the municipal water system in Flint, Mich., and elsewhere. It also contains a raft of California projects, including rebuilding levees to protect Sac-ramento from flooding, restoring wetlands to reduce flood risk around San Francisco Bay, and reducing pollution of Lake Tahoe. House Speaker Paul Ryan, R–Wis., specifi-cally hailed the rider for delivering ‘‘much- needed water relief to Californians.’’ McCar-thy said the rider would prevent water front being ‘‘sent out to sea’’ by being left to flow in rivers, and ‘‘will increase pumping.’’ Feinstein said she introduced the rider to forestall worse legislation under the Trump administration. But McCarthy and other San Joaquin Valley Republicans promised that more such legislation can be expected next year, when it will no longer face a veto from President Obama. President-elect Donald Trump has promised to turn on the taps for the state’s farmers. The rider came out of years of closed-door negotiations between Feinstein and powerful San Joaquin Valley Republicans to address California’s five-year drought. These efforts have repeatedly foundered over GOP insist-ence on weakening protections for endan-gered salmon, smelt and other fish. Feinstein and House Republicans insisted that the rider does not violate the Endan-gered Species Act, because it contains lan-guage saying that nothing within the legisla-tion shall violate existing environmental law. But Boxer and Bay Area Democrats said that such general clauses will not override the bill’s direct authorizations that mandate higher water deliveries. ‘‘When an act of Congress specifically su-persedes peer-reviewed biological opinions that are the very mechanism of how the En-dangered Species Act gets implemented, that is a grave undermining of the act,’’ said Rep. Jared Huffman, D–San Rafael. Doug Obegi, a water lawyer with the Nat-ural Resources Defense Council, an environ-mental group, pointed to three sections of densely technical text that he said ‘‘explic-itly authorize the Trump administration to violate the biological opinions under the En-dangered Species Act.’’ He said there is no question that if the bill is enacted, ‘‘it is going to be headed to court. It is wholly in-consistent with state law.’’ 
Ms. CANTWELL. So in the dark of night—I think that is the part where the States are going to be told: You are just going to have to build a dam. That is it. We decided. Then everybody calls us and says: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I don’t want to dam the river or I want that stream to produce fish or I want that to flow downstream for people further downstream, not right here. All of that has basically now been given over to someone else. I would also like to ask the Senator from California if she is aware of provi-sions of the bill, as people are referring to it, that jilt the taxpayers? I know there are a bunch of groups, Taxpayers for Common Sense and even the Herit-age Foundation—all of these people are basically calling out the ridiculous spending aspect of this California pro-vision. I wonder if the Senator from Cali-fornia is aware that this basically au-thorizes prepayment on construction obligations that basically are going to take millions of dollars out of the U.S. Treasury. Just by passing this legisla-tion, we would be taking money out of the Treasury, resulting in basically $1.2 billion in receipts that we would have, but giving us a loss of $807 million. This is a provision in the bill that I think has had little discussion, and this sweetheart deal for people is going to rip off the taxpayers, in addition to all of this authorization that is in the legislation. Is my colleague from California aware of this provision? Mrs. BOXER. I wish to say to my friend that I was aware of the provi-sion, but I did not know the details of what you just said. My staff confirms that you are absolutely right. Are you saying to me that water contractors will be relieved of certain payments and the Federal Government will be on the hook—Federal taxpayers? Is that what you were saying? Ms. CANTWELL. What is happening here is that people who are under cur-rent contracts on water payments, they would be given a sweetheart deal in deduction of their interest, which would allow them to shortchange our Treasury on revenues we are expecting. That is a big discussion and if every-body wants to take that kind of money out of the Treasury and basically give a sweetheart deal to people, then we should have that discussion. We should have that discussion and understand that this is what we are doing, bless that, and hear from our appropriators that this is a worthy thing to do for some reason. I can’t imagine what that reason would be, given that we are shortchanged here, and every day we are talking about how to make ends meet with so little revenue. So I don’t know why we would give a bunch of contractors this ability to cost the Treasury so much money by giving them a sweetheart deal. I will enter something into the RECORD about this. As someone said, it would really cause very substantial headaches for Treas-ury, OMB, and various agencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.029 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6950 December 9, 2016 
Again, I think, in the event of some-body thinking it is December and peo-ple want to go home for the Christmas holidays, people aren’t going to read the details of this legislation. I hope our colleagues will read this detail be-cause I don’t think we can afford to cost the Treasury this much money. Mr. President, I also ask my col-league from California: I assume you have had a lot of discussion with our House colleagues about their earmark rules. I think one of the reasons the WRDA bill is something people support is that it is a list of projects that have been approved by various agencies and organizations. Mrs. BOXER. That is right. Ms. CANTWELL. Has this project been approved by any of those agencies or organizations? Mrs. BOXER. Well, not only is it this whole notion of moving water from one interest. I would call the salmon fish-ery a critical interest—not only in my State. That is why I hate that it is called the California drought. It im-pacts not only California’s fishing in-dustry, but it impacts Washington’s and Oregon’s. This is why—save one— all of our Senators on the west coast are strongly opposed to this. Don’t call it California water. But the fact of the matter is that this has not been looked at in any way. Whether it is the money, whether it is what it does to the fishery, no one has really looked. There hasn’t even been a hearing about this specific bill. I know your committee has looked at a lot of ways to help with the drought. I compliment my friend from Wash-ington, Senator C
ANTWELL , and Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI . You have come up with real ways to work with every stakeholder and not continue these ab-surd water wars where we take money away from a fishing industry—that is a noble, historic fishing industry and tens of thousands of fishermen who support their families—and giving it over to big agribusiness. That is not the way you want to approach the drought, I say to the Senator. It is not the way I want to approach the drought. I would never be party to picking a winner and a loser. That is not our job. Our job is A, to make sure there are ways through technology to get more water to the State that needs it—most-ly California at this point—and for all of us to work together to preserve that salmon fishery. The salmon doesn’t know when it is in California, when it is in Washington, when it is in Oregon. Let’s be clear. We need to protect it. I am just so grateful to you for being on this floor today because your rea-sons for being here, first and foremost, are that you are protecting jobs in your State. Second, you are protecting the environment in your State. Third, you are protecting the rights of the States, the tribes, and the municipali-ties to have something to say over this. You are protecting the Endangered Species Act, which—as I pointed out before you came—was signed by Presi-dent Richard Nixon, for God’s sake. This is not a partisan thing. These are God’s creatures. I will quickly show you this and then take another ques-tion. I showed the bald eagle and sev-eral other species. If there had been shenanigans like this, Senator CANT-
WELL —oh, well, we are not going to lis-ten to the science; we are just going to do what we want to do—we wouldn’t have the bald eagle. We wouldn’t have these creatures I showed. Senator, the fact is that what you are fighting for is not only your State, not only for jobs, but you are fighting for the larger point—that in the dead of night, you don’t do a sneak attack on one of the landmark laws that you and I so strongly support. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I wish to ask the Senator from Cali-fornia—because there is another ele-ment she is alluding to—about how to resolve water issues. While my under-standing is your committee is very in-volved in basically the Federal Govern-ment programs that help communities around our country deal with water in-frastructure and clean water, the larg-er issues of how a community settles these disputes about water on Federal land has really been the jurisdiction of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. But my understanding is that this bill is also trying to weigh in on dis-putes as it relates to the larger Colo-rado basin. I know my colleague from Arizona is very concerned because his views weren’t heard. I know this is a big fight as a result of the language that is in here on the southern part of our country, where there is also a water dispute, and various States are debating this. I remember when our former col-league Tom Daschle was here, and there was a whole big fight on a river issue that the Upper Midwest was con-cerned about. If my understanding is correct, basically what we are trying to do in this legislation is, instead of having the collaborative discussion among these various States to work to-gether to resolve it, they are basically saying: No, no, no, we can just put an earmark rider in and instead make all the decisions for everybody and choose winners and losers. So it is not just a Pacific Northwest issue—of San Fran-cisco, Oregon, and Washington—but also relates to challenges we have on the Colorado River and challenges in the southeast part of our country. Basically, it sets up a discussion in the future of why would you ever re-gionally get together to discuss any-thing if you could just jam it through in the legislation by, basically—as our colleague E
LIZABETH WARREN said— putting a little cherry on top and get-ting people to say: Oh, this must really be good. Then the consequences of this are that the thorny, thorny issues of water collaboration aren’t going to be about the current rules of the road or collaboration. It is going to be about earmarks and riders that Taxpayers for Common Sense, the Heritage Founda-tion, and all of these people object to as the worst of the worst of Congress. Mrs. BOXER. Right. I would say this: I did hear, along with my colleague, ELIZABETH WARREN describe it. She de-scribed it a little bit like this. You take a beautiful bill like WRDA. For the most part, it is not perfect, but it is a pretty darn good bill. Then you put a pile of dirt on top of it, which I call the McCarthy rider, and then you stick a little Maraschino cherry on top, which is Flint, and a couple of other good things, and you say: OK, eat the dirt. That is another way of explaining it. My friend is right. What is the mes-sage if we don’t fight this darn thing, perhaps defeat it, and get it stripped out. We have an amendment to strip it out if we could get to it. What we are essentially saying to all the people, the stakeholders in the water wars, is this: You know, what is important is to your clout. Give enough money to this person, agri-business and maybe you can control him, or give enough money to this per-son and maybe you control her. The bottom line is we need to bring everybody to the table because my friend and I understand a couple of things. The water wars are not going to be solved unless everyone buys in. There are ways we can do this. We have done this work before. We can reach agreement, because if we don’t, what happens? Lawsuits. Let me just be clear. There are going to be lawsuits and lawsuits and lawsuits because this is a clear violation of the Endangered Species Act. Some colleagues say: Oh, no, it isn’t. It says in there it is not. Well, very good, let’s say we loaded a weapon and we dropped it on another country, and they said: This is war; you just dropped a bomb on us. We said: No, it isn’t. We said we weren’t declaring war on you. It is the action that counts, not what you say. A rose is a rose, as William Shakespeare once said—call it any other name. This is an earmark. This is wrong. This is painful. This violates the En-dangered Species Act. This is going to lead to the courthouse door. That is why my friend and I are not very pop-ular right now around this joint be-cause we are standing here and people want to go home. They are annoyed. Why is she still talking? Well, I am still talking. I don’t want to. I say to my colleague, I ask her a question on my time, which is this: Does she think it is really painful for me to have to filibuster my own bill? Ms. CANTWELL. I thank you for your steadfast leadership in the Sen-ate. As to the fact that you are retir-ing, you are certainly going to be missed. I am sure you would like to have legislation on the water resources pass. I think you brought up a very im-portant point: Strip out language for which there is bipartisan support ask-ing for it to be stripped out. And there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.031 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6951 December 9, 2016 
is bipartisan support asking for it to be stripped out because people with true water interests have not been allowed to have their say. We could get this done today—be done with this and be on our way. I think, for our colleagues who want us to be done, there is an easy path for-ward—a very easy path. Just strip out the language on California and send it back. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, since we are kind of reversing things, I ask unanimous consent that my friend con-trol the time right now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. BARRASSO. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mrs. BOXER. OK, I will just hold the floor forever. That is fine. I say to my friend, you have been through these kinds of wars before when you were standing alone trying to stop drilling in the Arctic. I remem-ber all of our colleagues saying: Oh, my God, this is terrible. This drilling in the Arctic is on the military bill. Imag-ine—drilling in the Arctic. They put it on the national defense bill. My friend was approached, and she was told: Senator, you are going to bring down the entire defense of this country if you don’t back off. My friend said: I don’t think so. All you have to do is strip this Arctic rider, and we are done. Am I right in my recollection of that? Ms. CANTWELL. The Senator is cor-rect. It was December and the same kind of scenario. Basically, jamming something onto a must-pass bill was a way that somebody thought this body would just roll over. In the end we didn’t. We sent it back to the House, and the Defense bill was passed in very short order. In fact, it is the exact same scenario. The House had already gone home, and I think they basically opened up for business again and passed it with two people in the Chamber. So it can be done. It has been done. If people want to resolve this issue and go home, then strip out this earmark rider language and we can be done with it and we can have the WRDA bill and we can be done. So I think that what my colleague is suggesting—because it isn’t really even the authority of the WRDA com-mittee—is that she probably would be glad to get language that is not her ju-risdiction off of this bill and commu-nicate to our House colleagues that this is the approach that we should be taking. So I would like to ask through the Chair if, in fact, the Senator from Cali-fornia understands that that kind of approach on earmarks is something that she has heard a lot about from our House colleagues, about how opposed they are. Mrs. BOXER. Yes, I have. I wish to say, since our friend is here—I am not doing anything, an attack on anything, and I never would. It is not my way. I am going to ask unanimous consent right now, Senator C
ANTWELL , without losing my right to the floor and mak-ing sure I get the floor back; is that correct? After I make a unanimous consent request, I assume I would still have the floor under the rules. The PRESIDING OFFICER. It de-pends on what the unanimous consent request is. Mrs. BOXER. The request would be to strip the rider out. My colleagues look perplexed. We have been talking about a 98-page rider that was added to the WRDA bill, and we have filed an amendment to do that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in order. Mrs. BOXER. Excuse me? The PRESIDING OFFICER. This re-quest is not in order. Mrs. BOXER. A unanimous consent request is not in order? The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in order to strip out House language by unanimous consent. Mrs. BOXER. Then I would ask through the Chair, what would the ap-propriate language be to get unani-mous consent? Is it to allow an amend-ment to do that? Would that be the right way to go? The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to concur with an amendment. Mrs. BOXER. So we could ask for that by unanimous consent—to have such an amendment, and I want to make sure that after I make that, I would not lose the right to the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is correct. Mrs. BOXER. Thank you. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST  
So on behalf of my friend from Wash-ington and myself, I ask unanimous consent that we be allowed to offer an amendment to strip a rider that was placed on the bill by K
EVIN MCCARTHY  in the House, and it is 98 pages, and it is in the House bill. It is called the California draft provision. I ask unani-mous consent that we be allowed to have an amendment to strip out that language. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ob-ject. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mrs. BOXER. That was a good test. We can see where this is coming from, I say to my friend from Wash-ington. All we are asking for is to go back to a bill that we worked on for al-most 2 years, and now we are looking at a situation where we will be harmed in many ways by this rider. When I say ‘‘we,’’ I mean our States. We have thousands of salmon fishery jobs that will be lost. We have a frontal attack on the Endangered Species Act, which has been called out by every major environmental group in the country. We have letters from every salmon fishery organization saying that this is dangerous. Yet all we are asking for is a simple amendment to strip out a midnight rider, and the Re-publicans object. In that rider, it takes away the right of Congress to approve dams. So wheth-er it is in Colorado or Wyoming or Cali-fornia or Washington or Oregon or Montana—and there are many other Western States—the President-elect will have the right to determine where to put a dam. He will have the ability, for the first time in history, to author-ize the building of dams. And the an-swer comes back from those who sup-port the rider: But Congress has to ap-propriate. Well, we know where that goes. I have been here a long time. All you need is a little appropriation every year, and the deal continues. So we have a circumstance on our hands. I know people in the Senate are really mad at me right now. What a perfect way for me to go out. I was a pain in the neck when I came, and I am a pain in the neck when I go. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I have a question for the Senator from California. The irony of this situation—first of all, I appreciate the Senator from Cali-fornia, because she is such a stalwart in so many different ways on so many different issues. What people may not know about the colleague we love dear-ly is that she is greatly theatrical. She has a beautiful voice. She writes music. She obviously lives in L.A. and prob-ably hobnobs with all sorts of people in the entertainment industry. She sang beautifully the other night at our goodbye dinner for the retiring Mem-bers. This reminds me of that movie ‘‘Chinatown.’’ There was a famous movie that Jack Nicholson was in that was all about the corruption behind water—— Mrs. BOXER. And Faye Dunaway, just so you know. Ms. CANTWELL. Yes, and Faye Dunaway. So Jack Nicholson and Faye Dunaway did a movie a long time ago about the water wars in California; am I correct? Mrs. BOXER. Yes. Ms. CANTWELL. So it was a movie about the fight between Southern and Northern California about who gets water, and then people found out that there was so much corruption behind the deal that basically people were try-ing to do a fast one. So the subject, if I am correct—that is what the subject of the movie is about. This is not a new subject; it is a very old subject. The question is, are people trying to supersede a due proc-ess here that consumers—in fact, I would ask—I hope the ratepayers and constituents of the utilities in Los An-geles would be asking the utility: What are they doing lobbying against the Endangered Species Act? My guess is there are a lot of people in Southern California that have no idea that a utility would lobby, spend their public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.032 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6952 December 9, 2016 
dollars lobbying against a Federal stat-ute by undermining it with a rider in the dark of night. But I wanted to ask my colleague: This issue is a historic issue in Cali-fornia, correct? And when it is done in the dark of night, as that movie de-picts, what happens is that the issues of public interests are ignored and con-sequently people are shortchanged. Is that the Senator’s understanding? Mrs. BOXER. Yes. I wish to yield my time to my friend. But here is what I am going to say right now. The Sen-ator from Washington is absolutely right that this issue has been around California for a very long time. So I will yield my time to the Senator from Washington—I yield for a question. I can’t yield the full time; I can yield for a question. But the answer to the other question is of course the Senator is right. She talks about the movie ‘‘Chinatown.’’ Do you know what year? I think it was the 1980s, a long time ago. I remember it well. It was about the water wars, and it resulted in people dying. It was corruption. It was about who gets the water rights. Here is the deal: Here we have our beautiful State and, as my friend knows, because of the miracle of na-ture, Northern California gets the water; Southern California—it has been called a desert. So we have always had a problem. When I came to the Senate, we had 18 million people, and now we have 40 mil-lion people. So we have urban users, suburban users, rural users, farmers, and fishermen. We have to learn to work together. Do we do that? Not the way K
EVIN MCCARTHY did it, which is a grab for big agriculture, which de-stroys the salmon fishery and is going to bring pain on the people who drink the water from the delta because it is going to have a huge salt content that has to be taken out before they can drink it. So this is the opposite of what ought to happen. I yield back to my friend for another question. Ms. CANTWELL. On that point, in the process for discussing these water agreements, the Senator from Cali-fornia is saying they don’t belong in her committee, and they have been controversial over a long period of time, and the best way to do this is not through an earmark, which this is—the notion that the House of Representa-tives is jamming the U.S. Senate on a half-billion-dollar earmark is just amazing to me because of the water agreements that people have nego-tiated and that have passed through these committees and that have been agreed to. They are not letting those go, but they are letting this particular earmark go, and sending this over. But the normal process would be for these Federal agencies and communities to work together on a resolution, and then if resources were asked for, they would come through, I believe, the En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee for authorization because we are the ones who deal with the Bureau of Rec-lamation and the public land issues. Is that the understanding of the Senator from California as well? Mrs. BOXER. Absolutely. What is such a joke is that my Republican friends, who were just objecting to our having an amendment to take this ear-mark off, always give big speeches about how Congress is putting all of these earmarks in. Well, this is a clear earmark because it is directing a project to run in a certain way and di-verting water to a special interest and taking it away from the fishery. There-fore, by its very nature, it is giving a gift of water to big agribusiness and letting the salmon fishery just go under. I would say to my friend that the reason she is down here is that this is not just about California. The provi-sion is called California drought. It is not about the drought. It doesn’t cure the drought. Yes, my friend is right. Every provi-sion, including the one about giving President-Elect Trump the right to de-cide where a dam will be built and tak-ing it away from Congress, that all be-longs in the jurisdiction of the Sen-ator’s committee. I am surprised Sen-ator MURKOWSKI isn’t here because this is a direct run at her as well as the Senator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I would ask the Senator from California then, the question is on this process of deciding the authorization. I notice we had a few colleagues here who were—I don’t know if they were coming to speak—but in the Senator’s region, there is a lot of discussion among the Western States on how to balance issues on water; is that correct? There are a lot of meetings and discussions? Mrs. BOXER. Well, we have no choice, because, as the Senator from Washington knows, my State gets a lot of water out of the Colorado River. It is under a lot of stress. We have a lot of problems. My heart goes out to every single stakeholder in my State. That is why I am so chagrined at this, because we all have to work together, I say to my friend, in our State. We are all suffering because we don’t have the water we need. But the way to deal with it is not to slam one com-plete industry called the salmon fish-ery, which not only impacts my State but the Senator’s State of Washington and Oregon was well. Ms. CANTWELL. I have a question for the Senator from California be-cause some of our colleagues that were here—my understanding is if you can get water from Northern California by just agreeing to kill fish and not meet-ing those obligations, then Southern California can take some of that water as well. Then, the consequence is these Western States, which might be sup-porting this bill, have less obligation to make more conservation efforts. So, in reality, if you are talking about the Colorado River and all the various resources that have to be nego-tiated, if somebody can be let off the hook because you are just going to kill fish instead, then you have more water. Sure, if you just want to kill fish in streams and give all the money to farmers, of course you have more water. Then, no one in the Colorado discussion has to keep talking about what are we going to do about drought. I think the Senator from California is going to tell me that drought is not going away; it is a growing issue of concern, and so we actually need more people to discuss this in a collaborative way than in an end-run way. Am I correct about the partners and all of that discussion? Mrs. BOXER. My friend is very knowledgeable and very smart. People tend to look at a provision, I say to my friend, in a very narrow way. They say: Oh, what is the difference? It doesn’t matter. But my friend is right on the bigger picture. If all the fishery dies and all of the jobs with the fishery die and there is no demand for the water for the fish anymore, my friend is right. That relieves the discussion. So, yes, you know what it reminds me of, I say to my friend. I don’t know if she agrees with this analogy. But I remember once when they said: Let’s raise the retirement age for social se-curity because people are working longer and it will help the Social Secu-rity trust fund. Well, if you take that, my friend, to the ultimate, why don’t we say people should work until they are 90? Then there won’t be any Social Security problem because everyone will die be-fore it kicks in. It is the same analogy here: You kill off all the fish and the entire salmon fishery, then all you have is agriculture demanding water, and then they will try to step on the urban users and suburban users and the rural users and say: We are the only thing that matters. And they are al-ready using, under most analyses, 80 percent of the water in my State. So you are right. You kill off the fishery, then that is one less stake-holder to care about. You tell people ‘‘Don’t retire until you are 90,’’ the So-cial Security trust fund will be very vi-brant. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, as the Senator from California knows, one of the States concerned about this is Arizona because they have kind of been left out of that discussion. It also says to people: You don’t have to have these discussions amongst everybody to-gether; you can just write it into law. My understanding is that our col-leagues from Florida and Alabama also have a similar concern. People are try-ing to use the legislative process to un-balance the negotiations so they can legislate instead of negotiate. Not only are they trying to legislate instead of negotiate, they are trying to use ear-marks to do it and overrule existing law. So am I correct, to the Senator from California—are we going to get any-where with getting California more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.034 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6953 December 9, 2016 
water if, in fact, this ends up in courts and it is stayed, and you really won’t get any water in the next few years? I should make a footnote for my col-league from California. Thank you for your compliment. I had to chair a 3-hour hearing once on the San Joaquin River settlement. It was about 18 years of dispute on what to do about the San Joaquin water. Because of that, I learned a lot about the fights in California and all of the problems that California had then. This was at the time my colleague Tim Johnson was the chair of that sub-committee and had been stricken ill, and they asked me if I could step in. I had no idea I was going to spend 3 hours hearing about 18 years of litiga-tion. That is right—18 years of litiga-tion on the San Joaquin River. Basi-cally, people came to that hearing that day—which is now probably 10 years ago—to tell me it was not worth the 18 years of litigation. They had deter-mined that while they could sue each other all they wanted, that getting to a resolution about how to move forward on water had to be a much more col-laborative solution to the process. Secondly, I would mention to my col-league from California and see if she knows about this—the same happened on the Klamath Basin, which is legisla-tion we passed out of committee and tried to pass here. The Klamath Basin basically said: Let’s negotiate. The various people in that dispute had a dispute and actually went to court, and the regional tribe won in the court and basically didn’t have to do anything more on water issues but de-cided that, in the good interest of try-ing to have a resolution, it was a good idea to come to the table and try this collaborative approach. I was mentioning my time chairing a 3-hour hearing on the San Joaquin River settlement that people had come to after 18 years of fighting each other in court. They came and they said: Oh, we have a settlement. The point was, we tried to litigate and sue each other for 18 years and we didn’t get any-where, and now we have a settlement and we would like to move forward. My point is, the best way for us to move forward on water issues is to have everybody at the table and come to agreements because there are a lot of things you can do in the near term while you are working on water in a more aggressive fashion to get to some of the thornier issues. But if you basi-cally try to litigate and legislate in-stead of negotiate, you end up often-times just getting litigation, like what happened with the San Joaquin. So you never get a solution and people don’t have the water. You end up not having a resolution, and the whole point is to get people water. So does the Senator think that is where we are headed if we end up just trying to tell people: You can legislate. Well, it sounds interesting, and if you get somebody to write an earmark for you, you are in good shape, I guess, if you can get that out of the House of Representatives. But in reality, you are not in good shape if you don’t actu-ally get water because you end up in a lawsuit for so many years, like San Joaquin. Is that where we are going to head on this? Mrs. BOXER. I say to my friend, she is so smart on this. Of course that is where we are headed. And I encourage this. If this happens and the Senator and I are not successful and this winds up to be the law of the land—a provi-sion added in the dead of night that forces water to be operated in a certain way that violates the biological opin-ions on fish, that violates the science— I hope they take this to court day one. I don’t care; say whatever you want: Oh, this isn’t a violation of the Endan-gered Species Act. Really? Clearly it is. The Senator is absolutely right. Eighteen years in court over an agree-ment. That is another reason I am to-tally stunned at this. But I think it is about what my friend said—who has the most juice, who has the most power to sit down and get someone who is a Senator or a Member of the House to add language? It is a nightmare. The reason we have been obstrep-erous, the reason we are standing on our feet, the reason we didn’t yield to other people is we are trying to make a simple point. The Senator shows it with her chart. For all the people who said we shouldn’t do earmarks, this is such an incredible earmark, it actually tells the Federal Government how to oper-ate a water project—it is extraor-dinary—and to walk away from a bio-logical opinion from the science. Of course it is going to wind up in court. I hope it does. What I would rather do is beat it. What I would rather do is get it out because it is only, as my friend said, going to encourage more similar types of legislating, where people have the power and the money and the ear of a Senator to call up and say: You know what. I am having trouble in my agri-business. I need more water. It is ridiculous. We are all suffering in this drought, I say to my friend. California is in a drought. There is a lot of rain coming down in the north, very little in the south, and I pray to God it continues. I do. We have been getting a lot of rain so far, but I don’t trust it at all. There are two ways to meet this challenge. One way is to figure out a way to get more water to everyone. That means taking the salt out of water—and we do it. I have toured the desal plants, and it is very encour-aging. One way is to take the salt out or put more water in the system. An-other way is to recycle. Another way is conservation. Another way is water re-charging. We know how to do it. The Senator is an expert. All of this is in her committee, which was bypassed. The other way to do is the wrong way to do it, which is take the side of one business group—agribusiness—versus a salmon fishery and destroy the salmon fishery. Then, as my friend points out, in years to come: Well, isn’t that a shame? There are no more salmon fish-eries, so we get all the water. In the meantime, we are eating farmed salm-on, and all these people are out of work and their families are devastated after a way of life they have had for a very long time. So my friend is very prescient on the point, and she talks about the reality. We are here. We are not dreamers. We are realists. We know what happens in the water wars. I continue to yield to my friend. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I would ask my colleague—again, I don’t think this is in the jurisdiction of her committee. That is why I am asking— if we did want to pursue with the Bu-reau of Reclamation the notion that we should do more underground water storage, again, that would be some-thing we would authorize. That is what I want to ask the Senator, if that is, in fact, the case. My understanding—because we have to deal with this so much in the Pacific Northwest. We are a hydro State which has affordable electricity, but we get it out of a snowpack that comes in the wintertime. Now that the climate is changing and it is getting warmer, we don’t have a large snowpack, so one of the ways to store that snowpack— which would be great to do—would be to have underground aquifer storage. I think that is an idea Stanford Univer-sity has signed off on. They basically signed off on it because they said it was the most cost-effective thing for the taxpayer and had the most imme-diate impact. What the Senator was just saying about rain—if you get a lot of rain right now—because it is not snowpack. If it is rain, store it, just like we were storing the snowpack, but now store it in aquifers underground, and that would then give us the ability to have more water. Stanford is like: Yes, yes, yes, this is the best thing to do. And this is what I think your State is try-ing to pursue. In that regard, I don’t even think that is the jurisdiction of the Senator’s committee, if I am correct, but is that an idea that you and California would pursue as a way to immediately, in the next few years, start a process for get-ting water to the Central Valley and to various parts of California? Mrs. BOXER. Without a doubt. My friend is right. It is not like we are dealing with a subject matter that has no solutions, and science has shown us the various ways to do it. Certainly un-derground storage is fantastic, re-charging. There are all these things we know—recycling, conservation, and desal. These are just some thoughts. My friend is right: The jurisdiction is mostly in her committee. We may have a few things to do. Wonderful. But that is not the important point. To me, the important point is here we have—and I am going to sum it up and then I will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.035 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6954 December 9, 2016 
yield the floor and hope my friend will take the floor because I need to run and do 17 things, and then I will be back. Here is the situation. We have a Water Resources Development Act bill. It passed here with 95 votes. Nothing passes here with 95 votes, even saying ‘‘Happy Mother’s Day.’’ It is a beau-tiful bill, my friend. Is it perfect? No. But it was very good. For my State, for the Senator’s State, it was very good. Now, it is moving through the House, and in the middle of the night, without anyone even seeing it, this horrible poison pill amendment is added which essentially is a frontal attack on the salmon fishery and all the people who work in it not only in my State, but in the Senator’s State and Oregon. So all of the Senators, save one, are apoplec-tic about what it means to jobs and what it means to tradition and what it means to have wild salmon. It is very important. So it is a frontal assault on the industry; it is a frontal assault on the ESA; and it is a frontal assault on the notion that there are no more ear-marks. Then it has another provision cutting the Congress out of authorizing new dams in all of the Western States for the next 5 years. This is dropped from the ceiling into the WRDA bill. Now, I stand as one of the two people who did the most work on that bill say-ing vote no. It is very difficult for me. But I think it is absolutely a horrible process, a horrible rider. It is going to result in pain and suffering among our fishing families. With that, I thank my friend, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from California for her steadfast support of doing the right things on clean water and clean air and for focusing on this issue for her State because ultimately she wants water for her State. She knows litigation is not the route to get it. She knows that there are things we can be doing here but that we have to get people to sup-port that. So I thank her for her obli-gation to making sure her constituents get real results. This rider is a giveaway to projects that are basically described as dead-beat dams, projects in California that are opposed by tribes and fishermen and sportsmen and environmental com-munities. Basically, it writes a blank check to them, allowing millions of taxpayer dollars to be used to con-struct dams throughout the West with-out any further congressional approval. That, in and of itself, should cause our colleagues to pause. You are going to go home and have to tell your con-stituents all of a sudden that someone is building a dam on a beautiful river in your State and you can’t do any-thing about it. I would hope our col-leagues in those 17 Western States that would be impacted by this would do something to help tell our colleagues to strip out this controversial provi-sion and send it back to the House in a clean bill. In addition, as I mentioned, section 4007 authorizes the Secretary to pay up to one-quarter of the cost of State water storage in any of these 17 rec-lamation States. The Secretary would have to notify Congress within 30 days after deciding to participate. These issues on our process are going to make it much harder for us in the future to not have the taxpayers pay-ing for projects that are nothing but further litigation in the process. Why is collaboration so important? Collabo-ration is important because these are thorny issues. There are lots of dif-ferent national interests at stake and a lot of local interest and a lot of jobs. My colleague from California, probably not in the last hour that we have been discussing this but probably earlier in the afternoon, mentioned the huge amount of Pacific West Coast fisheries that are also opposed to this bill, and Trout Unlimited which is opposed to this legislation, and various fishing groups and organizations because fish-ermen want to have rivers that are functioning with clean water and enough stream flow for fish to migrate. The fishing economy in the North-west, I can easily say, is worth billions. Anybody who knows anything about the Pacific Northwest—whether you are in Oregon or in Washington, maybe even Alaska—the pride of our region is the Pacific Coast salmon. The Pacific Coast salmon is about having the abil-ity to have good, healthy rivers and stream flow. For us in the Northwest, this is an issue I can easily say we have at least 100 Ph.D.s on; that is to say, the subject is so knowledgeable, so for-mulated, so battled over, so balanced that it would be like having 100 Ph.D.s in the subject. That is because we have a huge Columbia River basin, and be-cause the Columbia River basin has many tributaries and because the salm-on is such an icon, it needs that basin. We also have a hydrosystem, and we also have an incredible agriculture business in our State. I think we are up to something like—when you take vari-eties of agricultural products, some-thing like 70 different agricultural products—we, too, have to balance fish, farming, fishermen, and tribes, the whole issues of our environment and recreation and the need for hydro, and balance that all out. We have to do that practically every single day. It has been these kinds of decisions that have taught us as a region and a State that by collaboration, we can get results and move forward. I and one of my colleagues in the House who was the former leader on the Committee on Natural Resources, Doc Hastings, prob-ably now more than 10-plus years ago, had regional discussions with then-Sec-retary of the Interior Salazar who came to the Northwest, and we sat down and we asked: What do we do about the Yakima Basin? It was Sunday morning, and you would think that everybody getting to-gether on Sunday morning, is it that important? Well, it was. There were probably 50 or 60 different interests meeting with us—the Bureau of Rec, the Secretary of the Interior, Congress-man Hastings, me, and many other in-terests, and we talked about what do we want to do with the Yakima Basin. There has been great pride that I have had to offer legislation, along with my colleague Senator M
URRAY , on how to move the Yakima Basin project forward in the U.S. Senate. I say with ‘‘pride’’ because it was a collaborative effort. These are people who do not agree with each other, who have fought each other, who basically probably dis-agree on the most essential elements of their viewpoint, and yet reached con-sensus—delighted in their resolve—and came forward with legislation to say this is how you should deal with our water problems in a drought when your State has both farming and fishing needs. Our Governor got behind it, Governor Inslee. Other people got behind it. I have been at several forums. National organizations, California institutions are holding up the Yakima deal as the example of how water management should be done in the future. Why? Be-cause it was holistic. That means it in-cluded everything on the table. It was a regional approach and everybody came to the table, and because it didn’t try to solve every single problem up front but came to what we could agree to today and move forward—because it would claim some water that we need now. The fact that the Yakima project be-came such a milestone, our colleagues in Klamath, OR, did the same things: They worked together in a collabo-rative fashion and tried to discuss these issues. I would say, for the most part, all of these issues have been, with these discussions in the past that our colleagues bring legislation to the U.S. Senate, very rarely has somebody brought language without everybody locally working together and agreeing. I don’t know of times when my col-leagues have brought legislation where they are basically just trying to stick it to one State or the other—except for now, this seems to be the norm. This seems to be what we are being encour-aged to do today. The California project is one in which we wish that they would seek the same kind of col-laborative approach to dealing with both fishermen, whose economy is im-mensely important in California, and farmers who also are important but should not have the ability to super-sede these laws that are already on the books. What they should do is learn from the San Joaquin River proposal. You can battle this for 18 years or you can resolve these differences and move for-ward. When you can write an earmark and send it over here as a poison pill on a bill, you are hoping that you don’t have to sit down at the table and work in a constructive fashion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.036 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6955 December 9, 2016 
It is very disappointing to me that some of the partners in this deal, as we put ideas on the table to give 300,000 acre-feet to the farmers in the Westlands region over the next 2 years, give them 300,000 acre-feet of water over the next 2 years while we are working with them on an aquifer re-charge. Their answer back to us was: We want to play our hand here and see if we can jam this through first. Basically, they don’t want to work in a collaborative fashion. They don’t want to work with the region to find solutions. They want to legislate some-thing that will lead to litigation. Liti-gation is not going to lead to more water, it is going to lead to longer delays in getting water to everybody who needs it. I wouldn’t be out here spending this much time with our colleagues if it wasn’t for the fact that this issue is just at its beginning. Drought has al-ready cost our Nation billions of dol-lars, and it is going to cost us more; that is, drought is causing great issues with water, fish, and farming. It is also causing problems with fire. It is mak-ing our forests more vulnerable to the type of explosive fires that we have seen in the Pacific Northwest that wiped across 100,000 acres of forest land in just 4 hours. Those are the kind of things that hot and dry weather can do. Our colleagues need to come together on what would be the process for us dealing with drought. The fact that California has been the tip of the spear is just that; it is just the tip of the spear. Everybody else is going to be dealing with this in Western States. My colleagues who represent hot and dry States already know. They have had to deal with this from a collabo-rative process. I hope our colleagues who care great-ly about the fact that drought is going to be a persistent problem for the fu-ture would come together with us and say: We can get out of town tonight. We can get out of town in the next few hours. All you have to do is accept our offer to strip this poison pill earmark, which is costing taxpayers one-half bil-lion dollars, off the WRDA bill because it is not even part of the WRDA juris-diction and send back a clean WRDA bill to the House of Representatives. That is what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want, and that is what we want. The only people who are holding this place up are the people who want to jam somebody in Decem-ber at the end of a session because it is the way to get poison pill ideas done. People are taking note. I know the San Francisco Chronicle had a story about the House OKs a bill to increase pumping from our rivers and putting fish at risk. There was a quote about undermining the Endangered Species Act. There was an editorial as well, I be-lieve, from the same newspaper. I don’t know that we have a quote from the editorial here, but I think I submitted that earlier for the R ECORD . It basi-cally said: Stop the Feinstein water bill rider. It basically said that we have to work to share water among people, farmers, and the environment, not try to benefit one interest over the other with a midnight rider. The press is watching. I think there was a story today in the San Jose newspaper as well. I don’t know if I have that with me, but we will enter that later into the R
ECORD . Having other newspapers in California write editorials on this is most helpful be-cause it is bringing to light the kinds of things that are happening in the U.S. Senate that people all throughout the West need to pay attention to. We wish that drought could be solved so easily by just giving one interest more resources over the other, but that is not the way we are going to deal with this. If we have colleagues in the House who would rather steal water from fish than fund aquifer recharge, then we should have that debate in the U.S. Senate in the committee of juris-diction or even here on the floor as it relates to whose jurisdiction and fund-ing it really is. To stick the taxpayer with the bill of paying for dams in 17 States without any further discussion by our colleagues is certainly putting the taxpayers at risk, and that is why taxpayer organizations have opposed this legislation. If we want to get this done and if we want to get out of here, let’s strip this language off and let’s be done with it and send to our colleagues a clean WRDA bill and be able to say to people that we did something for water this year, but we didn’t kill fish in the proc-ess of doing it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
MONTENEGRO MEMBERSHIP INTO NATO  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, we have been running the hotline on the acces-sion of Montenegro as a member of the NATO alliance. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, the Presiding Officer knows we have held extensive discussions and hearings on NATO and the accession of Monte-negro as a member into the NATO alli-ance. Quite frankly, this is a very impor-tant matter for us to try to complete before we adjourn this session of Con-gress, and let me say why. Montenegro has taken all of the necessary steps in order to be in full compliance for join-ing the alliance of NATO. We have very carefully reviewed their commitment in regard to their military, defense budgets, institutional changes they have made, their willingness to take on the responsibilities as a full NATO partner, and quite frankly, they have endured outside interference which has tried to compromise their ability to complete the process. What do I mean by that? Montenegro recently had parliamentary elections, and Russia tried to interfere with the parliamentary elections to try to in-still some instability in that country as an effort to influence not only Mon-tenegro but the international commu-nity’s—the members of NATO—interest in completing the approval of NATO. Every member state of the alliance must approve any new member and re-quires votes in all states. Several have already voted to approve the accession of Montenegro into the alliance. The reason I say this is extremely important to get done now is because Russia does not hold a veto on the ac-cession of new countries and new states into the NATO alliance. They have done everything they could to try to interfere with this process. I think the clear message is that the Senate is not going to be intimidated by Russia and that we are going to stand by this alliance. We have a chance to do that within the next, I hope, few hours before the Congress completes its work. I really wanted to underscore the im-portance of us taking action on the Montenegro issue. The Ambassador to Montenegro has attended our com-mittee meetings frequently and kept us informed on everything that has taken place. I had a chance to meet with many of our partner states in regard to Monte-negro. Many of these countries have al-ready taken action, but quite frankly, it is U.S. action that will be the most significant. It is important that we speak with a very strong voice. If we don’t get it done now, it will not be allowed to come up until the next Congress, and we have a new administration coming in on January 20. I think it is impor-tant that we complete this process now. It is strongly supported by the ad-ministration and by the Democrats and Republicans. The recommendation passed our committee with unanimous support. I thank Chairman C
ORKER for han-dling this matter in a very expeditious and thorough way. We didn’t shortcut anything. We have gone through the full process. It is now time for us to act. If we want to send a clear message that Russia cannot intimidate the ac-tions of the Senate or our partners, then I think the clearest way we can send that message is to vote and make sure we complete action on the acces-sion of Montenegro before Congress ad-journs sine die. I think it is pretty much clear that both the Democratic and Republican hotlines—there have not been any spe-cific objections I am aware of that have been raised by any Member of the U.S. Senate to taking final action on this issue. I know we have other issues interfering with the consideration of some bills. I urge everyone to resolve those issues so this very important matter can be completed. As the ranking Democrat on the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee, and again working with Chairman C
ORKER , I can tell you this is a very important step for us to take in this Congress, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.038 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6956 December 9, 2016 
and I urge our colleagues to figure out a way that we can bring this to conclu-sion before Congress adjourns. As I said, I come to the floor to speak in support of the Senate providing its advice and consent to the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the accession of Montenegro. I have been a strong supporter of Montenegro’s bid to join NATO. It will enhance our security. It will strength-en the alliance. And it will send a strong message of resolve to Russia as it invades its neighbors and seeks to upend the international order. Monte-negro may be a small country, but its inclusion in NATO will have positive repercussions across the continent and will send an important message of hope to other aspirant countries. Republicans need to take the modest steps my colleagues, including Senator M
ANCHIN of West Virginia and Senator B
ROWN of Ohio, are asking for to take proper care of coal miners and their families in this country. And then we need to move on the Montenegro NATO resolution—today. I am pleased to say that no one in the Democratic caucus has expressed any concern to me about this resolution, and they are ready to pass it once our coal miners are taken care of. I stand here today in support of NATO enlargement. The Senate For-eign Relations Committee recently voted by voice vote in support of this bid—unanimously with Republican and Democratic support. And so even if Re-publicans don’t take care of our miners today, and as a result we cannot pass this resolution, I fully expect my col-leagues across the aisle, and the Presi-dent, to fully support this effort in early January. We can get this done. We must get it done. So what is the case for Montenegro’s membership? Admission of Montenegro would mark another important step towards fully integrating the Balkans into international institutions which have helped to contribute to peace and sta-bility over the years in Europe. Croatia and Albania joined the alliance in 2009 and have been valuable contributors to accomplishing NATO objectives since then, and I hope that Montenegro’s ad-mission will help to motivate the re-forms necessary in other Balkan coun-tries to join. Montenegro has made outsized con-tributions to NATO missions despite not being a full member. I understand that in Afghanistan, Montenegro has rotated 20 percent of its armed forces through the ISAF and Resolute Sup-port missions. It also contributed to the peacekeeping mission in Kosovo and other NATO missions. This small country has clearly made significant contributions to the alli-ance’s efforts around the world and made necessary internal reforms to ad-dress governance, rule of law and cor-ruption issues. I will continue to mon-itor these issues closely and expect Montenegro to continue with these re-forms. Montenegro has been subject to a wave of anti-NATO and anti-western propaganda emanating from Russia. There are also allegations that a recent coup plan has Russian ties. Blocking Montenegro’s ability to join NATO will have real implications for how NATO is perceived—Russia does not get a veto over the decisions of the alliance. We need to send a strong message of re-solve. No country outside the alliance gets a veto over who gets to join—epecially Russia, so we must send a strong sig-nal. I urge my colleagues to pass this resolution as soon as possible and get it to the President so the President can deposit the instrument of ratification at NATO in support for Montenegro’s bid. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF AUSTIN TICE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, re-cently I met with the parents of Austin Tice, a constituent of mine in Texas who unfortunately was abducted in Syria a few years ago. Of course, his parents have been keeping the flame alive, hoping that Austin has survived the situation of his capture. At their suggestion, last week when I was in Austin, they traveled over from Houston to visit with me about a brief-ing they had received recently from James C. O’Brien, the Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs. Earlier today, I had a chance to be briefed by Mr. O’Brien. He delivered some positive yet cautious news about Austin Tice, an American journalist who we know was taken hostage in Syria 4 years ago. Mr. O’Brien and his team informed me that they have high confidence that Austin is alive in Syria, along with other Americans who are being held captive. While this is certainly positive news, I can’t help but think of his parents and what they have had to go through these last 4 years. They are not just counting the months, they are not just counting the days, but they are lit-erally counting the minutes and the seconds since he has been gone and then counting these milestones that we typically observe in our family—birth-days and holidays—that they will never recover. So today’s news should remind us that we cannot give up until we bring Austin Tice home. I renew once again my call for his immediate release by his captors, and I strongly urge the current and future administration to continue to utilize all possible means to secure his safe return. Nothing can bring those years and months back, but we can start the healing process by doing everything possible to find Aus-tin and bring him home and to bring him home now. WORK BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. President, we have gotten quite a bit done this week, but we are not fin-ished yet. We passed a major medical innovation bill, which contains not only the Cancer Moonshot project ad-vocated by Vice President B
IDEN and the President but also other dramatic investments in the research and devel-opment of lifesaving drugs. It also con-tains a very important component of mental health reform. I was glad to contribute some to that effort, particularly the part that has to do with the intersection of our mental health treatment regime and our criminal justice system. As I have learned and as many of us have learned together, our jails have become the treatment center of last resort for peo-ple who are mentally ill, whose condi-tion is not diagnosed. And if not diag-nosed, these people tend to get sicker and sicker, until they become a danger not only to themselves but potentially to the communities in which they live. So we have made good progress, and perhaps thanks to the great leadership of Senator A
LEXANDER , Senator M UR-
RAY, Senator M URPHY , Senator C AS-
SIDY, TIMMURPHY over in the House, and the leadership there, we can be proud of that accomplishment. Yesterday we finished up our work on the Defense authorization bill to help our troops both here at home and abroad, to make sure that they not only got a modest pay raise but that they continue to be supplied with the equipment and training they need in order to keep America safe here at home and abroad. I am hopeful we will continue our work and finish our work, actually, on the continuing resolution, a bill we need to get done today in order to keep the lights on. I know my colleague from Illinois, the Democratic whip, has been working on this. I am hopeful we can get everybody back to a position of voting yes on this continuing resolu-tion and we can complete our work. There are folks across the aisle who want to keep the continuing resolution from moving forward and literally to shut down the government. I would have hoped we would have learned our lesson the hard way that that is not a way to solve our problems. Unfortunately, the senior Senator from West Virginia, Mr. M
ANCHIN , has taken a position that even though we have funded the health care benefit program for the miners whom he cares passionately about—we all certainly understand that—we have done it through the end of the continuing reso-lution into April. He is not satisfied with the length of that continuing res-olution. He said he would like to have it up to a year. But, frankly, I think he is unwilling to take us up on my com-mitment, for example, to continue to work with him now that we have got-ten that short-term extension, to work on a longer term extension once we get our work done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.039 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6957 December 9, 2016 
The truth is, this bill, the continuing resolution, passed the House yesterday with overwhelming support from both sides of the aisle. It received support of 87 percent of the House Republicans and 77 percent of House Democrats. The House of Representatives has now left town for the holidays, and it is up to the Senate to finish the job. So at this point, working all night and into the weekend will not change the inevi-table outcome. Shutting down the gov-ernment does not help anyone, espe-cially those holding up the process. So we are not done yet, but we are close. With a little cooperation, we will be able to wrap up this Congress soon and turn our focus to the Nation’s pri-orities. Let me just mention a couple of other aspects of the continuing resolu-tion because I have heard, just among conversations with my own colleagues, some misunderstanding about what we are doing in terms of, let’s say, defense spending, which is one component of it. This continuing resolution funds the defense sector by a $7.4 billion increase over the continuing resolution we are currently operating under. It is true that it is less than the Defense author-ization bill has provided for, but, as we all know, an authorization is not an appropriation. And when you compare an appropriation or spending for de-fense under the continuing resolution we are currently operating under com-pared to the one we will pass soon, it represents a $7.4 billion plus-up for de-fense. Now, I am one who believes that is the single most important thing the Federal Government does—providing for the common defense—and I would argue that is probably not an adequate number, but it is a plus-up, and it is the number that was passed by the House, and frankly, the House having left town and gone back home for the holidays, we are left with a choice of either accepting that level or not doing our job on a timely basis. This funding supports troop levels of up to 8,400 in Afghanistan, $4.3 billion to support counterterrorism and for-ward operating missions. This was sup-ported by Chairman T
HORNBERRY of the House Armed Services Committee. It provides a procedure for waiver for the next Secretary of Defense. This con-tinuing resolution also provides $872 million in funding for the 21st Century Cures legislation we passed just a few days ago, $500 million to deal with the scourge of opioid abuse but also to deal with prevention and treatment activi-ties, as well as $372 million for the Na-tional Institutes of Health. It provides emergency flood and natural disaster relief for potentially up to 45 States, including my own—$4.1 billion in emer-gency natural disaster relief. As I men-tioned earlier, it does provide a short- term coal miners fix while we work on a longer term solution. So my hope is, again, we can get it done. 
NOMINATIONS  
Let me turn to what will be the busi-ness of the Senate when we return in January. One of the first orders of busi-ness when we reconvene next month will be to consider and vote on the new President’s nominees to fill his leader-ship team, the Cabinet nominees we have been hearing a lot about in the last couple of weeks. Last week, I came to the floor to con-gratulate my friend and our colleague Senator JEFFSESSIONS on his nomina-tion to be the next Attorney General. He is a man of strong conviction and real character, and I have no doubt whatsoever that he is the right man for the job. I know that many in our con-ference share my eagerness to start the confirmation process so we can give President Trump the team he needs to hit the ground running. But I am disappointed, I have to say, in the way some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are already posturing against the President-elect’s nominees. Fortunately for us, they telegraph their obstruction in the news media, so we know about some of their nascent plans to obstruct President- elect Trump’s Cabinet. Earlier this week, Politico said that this was the Democratic strategy: ‘‘Delay tactics could sap momentum from the President’s 100 days’’ was the headline. The articles goes on to cite conversations with several Senate Democrats who have already laid out a plan to slow-walk—because they know they can’t block—President-elect Trump’s nominees in the new year. It is one thing to obstruct and to slow the Senate down, but it is even a bigger problem when they intentionally try to keep the President-elect from doing his job too. I would ask, for what? Just to delay progress? To drudge up partisan rhetoric and to do all they can to dam-age the administration of the next President of the United States before it has gotten started? This is absolute nonsense. I think this is the kind of activity the American people repudiated in the last election on November 8. They are sick and tired of the partisan rhetoric on both sides. They literally want us to get some things done on their behalf for the American people. Holding up the confirmation process for purely political gain is irrespon-sible and dangerous, but it is also iron-ic that some of our Democratic col-leagues have changed their tune so much. Here is just one quote from our friend, the Senator from Michigan, part of the Democratic leadership. Sen-ator S
TABENOW said on April 20, 2015: ‘‘When a President wins an election, they have the right to have their team.’’ You know, one thing I have learned is, if you have been around here long enough, there is a great danger of being on both sides of an issue, so you have to try to be consistent, even with the temptations to change your position based on who is up and who is down. But I agree with the Senator from Michigan. No matter what side you are on, Donald Trump won the election to the White House. As President, he has the authority to surround himself with whom he sees fit to advise him for our country. For our Democratic col-leagues to suggest that keeping the President understaffed is somehow in the best interests of the American peo-ple is absolutely ludicrous. Let me remind my friends on the other side of the aisle what happened when Barack Obama became President in January of 2009. Senate Republicans respected his nominees and gave them quick consideration. Seven Cabinet members were confirmed on his first day of office. Other high-level positions followed just days later. In other words, we came together, understood that the people had elected a new President, and went to the table ready to cooperate in good faith even though we knew there would be dis-agreements about policy. That is be-cause we didn’t want the President to begin his time in office without the support and the staffing he needed to do his job. But, at least so far, our Democratic colleagues—some of them—don’t seem to share this same perspective now that they have lost this last election. I would just ask them to reconsider and to be consistent in the way they asked us to respond when President Obama won and treat the people’s choice as the next Presi-dent of the United States with the re-spect their vote deserves in terms of making sure he has the Cabinet nec-essary to get his administration up and running. The American people really are dis-gusted by the sideshows of dysfunction and obstruction. They want results, and they deserve results. They made clear, since giving this side of the aisle control of the White House, the House of Representatives, and the Senate, that they really wanted the clear to way to making progress on behalf of the American people. But we all know we cannot do this as one party or the other; we have to find ways to work to-gether for the common good. I hope those on the other side of the aisle who indicated they are deter-mined to obstruct and block the Presi-dent-elect’s new Cabinet members, his nominees, change their tune and recon-sider. Keeping the new President from the men and women he has chosen to serve alongside him only makes us less safe, our economy more fragile, and the government less efficient. In short, it doesn’t serve their interests well. We are ready to work with our col-leagues across the aisle to roll up our sleeves and get to work next year. I only hope our Democratic colleagues decide to do the same. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, next to the Senator from Texas, who just spoke, is the Executive Calendar of the U.S. Senate. There are about 30 pages 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.041 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6958 December 9, 2016 
of that calendar on his desk that con-tain the names of individuals nomi-nated by the Obama administration, then sent to committee, approved by the committee, then sent to the cal-endar to be approved on the floor of the Senate. The Republican majority in the Senate refuses to call these names. The plea that is being made by the senior Senator from Texas is, why can’t we just get along? Well, I hope we can, but this is a bad place to start, with all of these names sitting right in front of us, waiting patiently—some of them for over a year—to be called for a vote on the floor of the Senate. They all were reported out by committees that have a majority Republican mem-bership. Of course, there is exhibit A in this, and that is Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland was President Obama’s nomi-nee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court after the death of Antonin Scalia. Since February of this year, the process has been going forward by the President and the White House to send a name to fill the vacancy on the Su-preme Court. For the first time in the history of the Senate, the Republican majority refused to give the Presi-dent’s Supreme Court nominee a hear-ing or a vote. It has never—underline that word—never happened before. So we hear the plea from the Senator from Texas for cooperation: We have to get along here. Well, we should. We owe it to the country. But, for goodness’ sake, let’s be honest about where we stand. There are dozens of names here of men and women who are highly qualified to serve this Nation, who went through the process of being nominated by the administration, of being approved by Republican-majority committees, who have been languishing on the floor of the Senate because of the refusal of the Republican leadership. Judge Merrick Garland, who was judged ‘‘unanimously well-qualified’’ to serve on the Supreme Court by the American Bar Association, never even got a hearing before this Republican- controlled Senate. In fact, the leader of this Senate and many others said: We will not even meet with him. We won’t discuss it with him. What was their strategy? Well, it is one that paid off, I guess. They felt if they violated what we consider to be the tradition and duty of the Senate and not have a hearing and a vote on a nominee, they might just elect a Re-publican President. Well, they did. Now they want to fill their vacancies and they are begging us: Cooperate. Join in with us. Let’s be bipartisan. I am going to try. I am going to give a fair hearing to each of the nominees. They deserve it. There are no guaran-tees on a final vote; it depends on whether I think they are the right per-son for the job. But I do hope there will be some reflection in the process about what we have just lived through. There are over 100 vacancies on Fed-eral courts across the United States. Many of them—30—would have been filled with just the names on this Exec-utive Calendar that have already cleared the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee with a majority of Republican Senators. Yet they sit. They languish. In just a few hours and a few days, they are going to become part of history as we move to the new Senate on January 3. I wanted to make that point for the record. Mr. President, I also wish to say a word about where we are with the con-tinuing resolution. What is a con-tinuing resolution? Well, we are used to it around here because we have done it so often. Both political parties have done it. Here is what it basically says. Think about your family budget. Let’s assume that last year you spent, on av-erage, $100 a month on your utility bills. What if we said to you: In this next year, we want you to spend $100 a month. You say: Well, I don’t know if that is what it is going to cost. I hope it is less; it might be more. Well, the continuing resolution says: Stick with last year’s budget, and you can make special provisions and spe-cial allowances if it happens to be wrong. You think, that is a heck of a way to run my family. That is what a con-tinuing resolution does. It takes last year’s budget and says: Let’s repeat. Well, things change. I am on the Appropriations Defense Subcommittee. It is the largest sub-committee in terms of the amount of domestic discretionary money that is spent. Things change with our military all the time. You know that. Presi-dents come forward and say: We need additional money for our troops, to prepare them, to equip them, to make sure they are where they need to be in this world to keep America safe. What we do with a continuing resolu-tion is we say: Well, we are going to tell you that you have to live within the bounds of last year’s budget—a continuing resolution. The people in the Department of De-fense, of course, will do their best. They are not going to spend money this year on things that are finished. They are not going to repeat and keep building if they have already finished their building. They are not going to buy things they have decided are not valuable. But when it comes to making important budget decisions, their hands will be tied by this Congress. For the second time, we are going to come up with a 3- or 4-month budget resolution as we move forward. It is no way to run a government. Here is the good news: We didn’t have to do that. On this Appropriations sub-committee, Senator T
HAD COCHRAN of Mississippi and I worked a long time. Our staff worked even longer and pre-pared a Department of Defense appro-priations bill. We are ready—ready to bring it to the floor, ready to debate it. And it is a good one. It keeps our coun-try safe. On a bipartisan basis, we agreed on what it should contain. We can’t bring it forward. All of the spend-ing is going to be done under this con-tinuing resolution. We will be halfway through this current fiscal year with continuing resolutions if we ever get around to the appropriations process. The Presiding Officer is also on the Appropriations Committee and works in a very bipartisan way in the author-izing Appropriations Committee on some critical programs for health and education. We should have brought that before the Senate on the floor, but we did not. We have this continuing resolution before us, and it has a few things in it that I think the American people should know. One of them relates to re-tired coal miners and their families. Coal mining has always been a dan-gerous job, and it is also a job that has diseases that come with it, such as black lung. So for those who retire from coal mining, health care is criti-cally important. Senator JOEMANCHIN of West Vir-ginia has a lot of coal miners, and they are worried about a cutoff on the health care benefits for retired coal miners and their surviving widows. He has come before the Senate over and over again begging the Senate to come up with a plan to make sure their health care is funded for this next year and for years to come. In this continuing resolution, we managed to provide that health care protection for several months, 3 or 4 months—but not any longer. He is wor-ried about it. I have talked to him twice today. He has spoken on this issue countless times on the floor of the Senate. We believe he is making the right fight. The fight to ensure that coal miners don’t lose their benefits has been be-fore Congress for 4 years. It has been through the regular order of commit-tees. It was passed by the Senate Fi-nance Committee with Democrats and Republicans supporting it. Even in the midst of dysfunction of partisanship in the Senate, this is apparently one measure that apparently both parties agree on. Despite all of this, the con-tinuing resolution does not reflect the needs of and it does not provide the re-sources for these families. The other day, Majority Leader M
CCONNELL came to the floor and he insisted that the continuing resolution addressed the expiring benefits of re-tired workers. What he did was extend those benefits for 4 months. There is no indication of what is going to happen beyond that. It requires the United Mine Workers health plan to deplete its reserves to pay for this temporary extension, but then they are broke. There is nothing in the bank when the CR expires in April. It subjects the health plan to a reduction in funding from what they currently receive from the abandoned mine land funds, and it makes no mention of the pension shortfall that these same mining fami-lies face. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.043 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6959 December 9, 2016 
We are looking for a real solution, and we are hoping to get one soon. Be-fore the end of the day, I think Senator M
ANCHIN , Senator S HERROD BROWN , Senator C
ASEY , and others will come to the floor and speak to this specific issue, but it has been one of the things that has held us up. In Illinois, there are nearly 2,000 coal miners and their families whose health care benefits are in jeopardy, and I have heard from them. Linda Fleming of Taylorville, IL— that is about 30 miles from where I live. She is afraid her 86-year-old moth-er will lose the benefits her father, who worked at Peabody coal for 30 years, left for her mother when he passed away 2 years ago. Her husband, who re-tired from Freeman coal in Central Il-linois after 33 years of service, also re-ceived notice that he was going to lose his benefits. Larry Garland, a retired coal miner in Millstadt, IL, worked in the coal-fields because it was a good job—a hard job, a dirty job some days, but it had a promise of lifetime health care for him and his family. His wife has MS, and he is wondering how he is going to afford her medical expenses if this isn’t fund-ed properly. Karen Williams, a nurse and daugh-ter of a retired coal miner in Du Quoin, IL, sees firsthand how important these benefits are to retirees like her dad, who has a lung disease directly related to his coal-mining years. These are just a few of the stories in my State, of the 2,000 affected by this decision, so we take it personally. There is another provision in here as well. The President-elect has des-ignated General Mattis to be the next Secretary of Defense. James Mattis was the head of U.S. Central Command, an extraordinary general, given some critical assignments by previous Presi-dents, and every report that I have read is positive about his service to our country and his leadership skills in the Marine Corps. But the appointment of General Mattis is in violation of a basic law. The law, which was passed over 50 years ago, limited the avail-ability of these retired military offi-cers to serve as Secretaries of Defense. In America, we have always prided ourselves—and particularly since the reorganization of the military after World War II—on civilian control over the military. It is something that is really built into the American view about the military and the civilian side of the Federal Government. Here we have General Mattis, who is eminently qualified to lead in many re-spects, but he is going to be violating that basic law that says there must be 7 years of separation between your military service and your service as Secretary of Defense. There has only been one exception in history, and that was back in 1950, when President Truman asked GEN George C. Marshall, a five-star gen-eral—there aren’t many in our his-tory—to come out of retirement. Gen-eral Marshall had retired as Secretary of State. President Truman asked Gen-eral Marshall to come out of retire-ment to serve as Secretary of Defense under the new reorganization plan of our government. Congress had to change that law. At that time, there was a 10-year separa-tion. Congress had to change the law, and it took some time to do it—to de-bate it, to make sure the policy deci-sion was the right thing for our coun-try, and to make sure that whatever we did was consistent with this idea that civilians should control the military. They ultimately gave the waiver to GEN George C. Marshall, this hero of our World War II defense, Sectary of State, and a man who won the Nobel Peace Prize, I might add. So he was an extraordinary man. This bill that we have before us is going to ask us to expedite this deci-sion. At the time it was debated before with General Marshall, the Senate took the time to really consider this. So expediting and changing the rules of the Senate in this bill is something that hasn’t been done before. I worry about the impact it is going to have in the long term. It com-plicated what should have been a pret-ty simple and straightforward bill. Let me speak as well about the im-pact on the Department of Defense of this continuing resolution. A con-tinuing resolution for defense might be harmful to our Armed Forces, and the longer we live under it, the worse it could get. If Congress were to pass a 3- month continuing resolution for the Department of Defense, they are going to feel it right away. The Pentagon has identified more than 150 programs cost-ing tens of billions of dollars that will be disrupted by a continuing resolu-tion. House Republicans fixed no more than a few of these. There are a lot of others in disarray. The Defense bill has provided $600 million, for example, for the Israeli missile defense programs, a substantial increase over last year’s funding level of $487 million. This includes increased funding for the Arrow 3 program, which will protect Israel against new threats from long-range Iranian missiles. Under a continuing resolution, this new initiative is put on hold until we get around to passing a full-year De-fense appropriations bill. The impacts of the 3-month con-tinuing resolution will also be felt by the defense industrial base. There is a similar story for the Air Force’s new B–21 bomber. Funding for this program is planned to nearly double this year to more than $1.3 billion, in order to de-sign the replacement for the decades- old B–52. The CR makes that difficult, if not impossible. The Pentagon’s R&D efforts have al-ready been hamstrung by continuing resolutions, and there the story gets worse. Important medical research will be postponed in the Department of De-fense, and agencies like DARPA, which had planned to award contracts worth $24 billion, is on hold. Instead, due to putting defense fund-ing in this continuing resolution on autopilot, less than $16 billion, instead of $24 billion, will be awarded. That is going to slow down innovation and im-pact untold numbers of suppliers for our Department of Defense. The old adage ‘‘time is money’’ cer-tainly applies to the Pentagon. Every day, every week, every month that de-fense programs are delayed adds up to more costs to American taxpayers. When the government can’t keep up its end of the contract because funding isn’t available, costs go up, and tax-payers pay more for things they should pay less for. Every Member of Congress has criticized the Pentagon—I have been in that queue—for spending too much on weapons systems, but every time we do a CR, we raise the cost of weapons systems by delaying these payments. Our constituents didn’t elect us to delay making decisions. They elected us to get things done. Months of bipar-tisan committee work and weeks of bi-partisan negotiation shouldn’t be cast aside. Putting government spending on autopilot is not responsible. Whether you work in a Fortune 500 company or in any agency of the Fed-eral Government, budgets must adapt to innovation, new challenges, and new opportunities. Failure to do so is a waste. We owe it to the American tax-payer and we sure owe it to the men and women in uniform to do more than just kick the budgetary can down the road. We owe it to thousands of retired miners to keep our promise, to respect their years of hard work and give them the benefits they deserve. Now is not the time to give up and go home. Now is the time to rededicate ourselves to truly working together, as the Appropriations Committee has his-torically done, use their work product, and pass a bill and an appropriations spending measure that really reflects what is needed for the national defense of America. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, in just a few hours, funding for the Fed-eral Government will run out. It is going to run out in just a few hours. It looks like we are going to blow through that deadline right here in the Senate. POLITICO, one of the local news-papers, had an article this morning, and this is what the headline said. They ran an article with this headline: ‘‘Democrats push government toward shutdown.’’ Let me repeat that: ‘‘Democrats push government toward shutdown.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.044 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6960 December 9, 2016 
The article says that Democrats are pushing the government to the brink of a shutdown. They are doing it with ‘‘coal country Senate Democrats lead-ing a strategy to oppose a GOP spend-ing bill if their demands are not met for a longer extension of expiring health care benefits for coal miners.’’ We are talking about a continuing resolution that passed the House with overwhelming numbers, and it has bi-partisan support. The vote was 326 to 96—Republicans and Democrats joining together in the House to keep the gov-ernment open—but not the Senate Democrats. I have been on this floor time and again with Democrats talking about shutting down the government, and they say that it is the Republicans. The headline today says: ‘‘Democrats push government toward shutdown.’’ Now, the continuing resolution that is being asked to be voted upon actu-ally includes money to help these min-ers well into the new year—through April—and we are going to be looking at everything in the legislation again when it expires in April. So there is no rush to settle this issue today. But here we are in the Senate, with Democrats preparing to shut down the Government of the United States. Our goal should not be to bail out a union health plan—and it is a fund that does have problems. The solution actu-ally ought to be to let coal miners mine coal again. Let them go back to what they know how to do—mine coal. That way they can take care of them-selves and take care of their own. I want to be really clear on this point. The only reason we are in the position we are in today is because the Obama administration and Democrats in Washington have been waging a war on coal for the past 8 years. That is the reason we are in the position we are in today. In 2008, when Barack Obama was run-ning for President, he promised that this was what he was going to do. He said it. He said that under his policies, ‘‘if somebody wants to build a coal- fired powerplant, they can; it’s just that it will bankrupt them.’’ The President was very clear. So the Democrats should not be surprised with what we see happening today. Once he got into office, he did every-thing he could to keep that promise and bankrupt as many coal companies as possible. That is actually what hap-pened. His administration has pushed out one unnecessary regulation after another on coal producers, on power-plants, and on customers. The Environmental Protection Agen-cy wrote new regulations on power-plant emissions where the emissions go from one State over to another. The Agency put out extremely stringent rules on emissions from any new pow-erplants that were built in this coun-try. Then they wrote tough rules on the powerplants that were already in existence—rules, not new laws but rules. The Obama administration hasn’t just tried to bankrupt anyone who used coal, but they have been doing all they can to make sure the coal never gets out of the ground. The Bureau of Land Management im-posed a moratorium on new mining leases on Federal land. In the Rocky Mountain West, that is a significant amount of the land, and, in many States, it is over half of the land. The Obama administration has been doing all they can to make sure that American coal can’t be used not just here in America but can’t be used any-where in the world. The Department of the Interior wrote a new rule on coal valuation to dis-courage coal exports. Now, the Army Corps of Engineers has even delayed or denied permits for new coal export terminals so we could ship a product that is produced in the United States to people who want to buy our product overseas. So Ameri-cans can’t sell the product that we have—that coal—overseas. The Obama administration even worked to get the World Bank—the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund—to stop financing new coal-fired powerplants in developing nations, even though for them, it is the least expensive cost for electricity, for energy, for the people there who don’t have energy and desperately need it. It has been one roadblock after another for the last 8 years. Layer after layer of redtape, stran-gling the coal industry and coal min-ers—the people who go to work every day. Now, someone wants to say the issue is bailing out one union health plan and pension fund. The Democrats have waged an all-out comprehensive war on coal. That is why we are in this situa-tion. During the Presidential campaign, President Obama has said to Ameri-cans: Please elect Hillary Clinton. Vote for her to protect the Obama legacy. Well, candidate Hillary Clinton during the election, during the campaign, said that she would put a lot of coal miners out of business. So as to the actual people who work, she wants to put them all out of business. It has been a war on multiple fronts and a Presidential election all designed in many ways to keep Americans from using coal, from exporting coal, and even from mining coal. The administration has blocked coal production. They have made it more expensive. Then they have tried to use the smaller market for coal—since you can’t mine it, you can’t sell it, and you can’t export it; so there is a smaller market for coal—as an excuse to im-pose even more burdens. The people who are hurt by these policies are hard-working Americans who just want to go to work, make a living, and support their family. That is what the coal miners have been up against by the Obama administration in the last 8 years. So any attempt by Democrats to blame someone else is just a distrac-tion. They want to hide the simple fact that it is their intentional and inten-sive campaign against coal that has led us to where we are today—on the brink of a government shutdown tonight. Health and pension funds can pay benefits for retired workers as long as the mines are actually working and they can mine coal and sell coal and make money. If the money coming in goes down, then the money they need to pay out is not there. That is why we have this problem. Companies can’t meet their obligations, and it is the Democrat’s policies that have caused it. So if the Democrats want to help re-tired miners, they should let the other miners get back to work. That is the way to help the retired miners, let the other miners get back to work. Well, that is not what they have done. The Obama administration has done all they can to destroy the market for coal, to force mines to cut production and to put miners out of work. Now, I understand there are people in the home States of these Senators who are very worried, and they have a right to be worried, but let’s just be honest about the real reason these people are hurting: Miners are struggling because President Obama has been standing on their necks for a straight period of 8 years. When Democrats focus on things like health benefits for retirees, they are missing the point entirely, and they are just trying to dodge the re-sponsibility—the responsibility for their own disastrous policies. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, the distinguished Senator has just asked me if I would yield to her; that she has a very short set of remarks, and I am happy to do so. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to use a prop dur-ing my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WRDA  
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I have come to the floor to address a very im-portant choice for this Senate and, frankly, for President-Elect Trump. The time is now for Donald Trump to take a stand in support of American workers by calling on Republican lead-ership in Congress to support strong ‘‘Buy American’’ requirements in the Water Resources Development Act, also known as the Water Infrastructure Improvement Act. Just 1 week ago in Cincinnati, OH, President-Elect Trump said his infra-structure plan would follow two simple rules: ‘‘Buy American and hire Amer-ican.’’ I support that position, strong-ly, but unfortunately the Republican establishment in Washington didn’t hear him. They have removed my ‘‘Buy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.047 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6961 December 9, 2016 
American’’ standard from this very im-portant water infrastructure legisla-tion, and Trump Tower has gone silent on this topic since last Thursday. I believe the iron and steel used in water infrastructure projects should be made in America and that taxpayer dollars should go to support American jobs and manufacturers, not be spent on Chinese or Russian iron and steel. My provision to require this was in-cluded in the version of the bill that passed the Senate with strong bipar-tisan support on a vote of 95 to 3. How-ever, Speaker R
YAN and House Repub-licans removed this ‘‘Buy American’’ reform from the Water Infrastructure Improvements Act, and there hasn’t been a peep or a tweet from President- Elect Trump. It is clear to me, and it should be clear to President-Elect Trump as well, that congressional Re-publicans are allowing corporate lobby-ists, working on behalf of companies who import steel from Russia and China, to write the rules in Wash-ington. Importers of cheap foreign steel from China and Russia have sought to eliminate or loosen these rules for their own benefit. According to media reports, including the Wall Street Journal, the importers and their for-eign suppliers have hired the Wash-ington, DC, lobbying firm Squire Pat-ton Boggs to lobby the Republican leadership in the House against my ‘‘Buy American’’ standard, which would provide a long-term and solid commitment to American workers. The firm’s strategy relies upon, oh, that old revolving door—the firm em-ploys former House Speaker John Boehner and several former top Repub-lican aides—to gain access and influ-ence over Congress. These reports sug-gest that corporate lobbyists are using their influence over Congress to sup-port clients that do business with Rus-sian and Chinese steel companies at the expense of American workers. That is why I am calling on President-Elect Trump to turn his words in Cincinnati, spoken just a week ago, into action and to join me in demanding that Repub-lican leaders in Congress restore our strong ‘‘Buy American’’ standard in the final water infrastructure bill. Together, with Senators B
ROWN and C
ASEY , we offered an amendment to re-store this ‘‘Buy American’’ reform, and today we are demanding a vote. I come to the floor today to ask Majority Leader M
CCONNELL for that vote. American manufacturers and steel-workers, like the men and women at Neenah Foundry in Wisconsin who helped build our Nation’s water infra-structure, support our amendment, and they deserve a vote and a solid com-mitment from us on a strong ‘‘Buy American’’ standard. Many people in the United States have seen this iconic symbol. Neenah Foundry—which supports the strong ‘‘Buy American’’ amendment—manu-factures, among other things, these manhole covers that we see all over. Let us not ever see this. President-Elect Trump has said that we need to ‘‘drain the swamp,’’ and that he will take on lobbyists and spe-cial interests that are writing the rules and rigging the game in Washington against American workers. If he is seri-ous about ‘‘draining the swamp’’ and supporting American workers, it is time for him to end his silence and speak out publicly supporting and re-storing this ‘‘Buy American’’ standard to the water infrastructure bill that is before the Senate today. It is time for a vote on a ‘‘Buy American’’ standard that respects and rewards American manufacturers and American workers. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, are we going back and forth? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no order at the moment. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. May I ask the Sen-ator—because I thought Democrats had an hour at this time, I agreed to yield to Senator BALDWIN . Senator M CCAIN, do you know how long you will be? Mr. M
CCAIN. About 30 minutes. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Well, you go ahead. I will defer. Mr. M
CCAIN. I thank my friend from California, but if she had a shorter time— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona is recognized. Mr. M
CCAIN. I say to my dear friend from California, if she had a few min-utes she would like to take at this time, I would be happy to yield to her. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Senator, I have about 20 minutes. Mr. M
CCAIN. OK. I take it back. Mr. President, I understand that, as usual, as we get to the edge of the cliff or the edge of the weekend, that some-how we will have an agreement and we will vote and we will pass a continuing resolution and we will all go home. We will all go home for the holidays and congratulate ourselves on doing such a great job and passing a congressional resolution. Meanwhile, the 8,000 men and women who are serving in Afghanistan will be having a different kind of next couple of weeks. It will be in combat, it will be in jeopardy, it will be in fighting an implacable enemy that we have been challenging and fighting for the last 12, 14 years. The 5,000 troops who are in Iraq and Syria, with their lives lit-erally in danger—there has been a cou-ple, a few casualties, tragic deaths in recent days. The siege of Aleppo con-tinues and the slaughter continues of innocent men, women, and children. As the exodus, I am told, takes place from Aleppo, the Russians, Iranian Revolu-tionary Guard, and Bashar al-Assad’s thugs are culling out the young men for special treatment and interroga-tion. God only knows what that is like. Of course, the flow of refugees con-tinues, now adding to the 6 million. The 500,000 who have been killed, that continues. And we are about to pass an appropriations bill that reduces our ability to help those men and women who are serving our country in uniform get their job done. We are talking about a continuing resolution that is a reduction in spending, that freezes ac-counts in place, and does not give us the capability to move them around to meet the threats we are facing around the world. I must say to my colleagues, this is disgraceful. This is absolutely disgraceful. We are going to kick the can down the road because we failed to fund our troops. The fiscal irresponsibility of another continuing resolution will force the Department of Defense to op-erate for 7 months in the fiscal year without a real budget. Tell me one company or corporation in the world, small or large, that has their budget frozen for 7 months of the year and ex-pects to operate with any kind of effi-ciency. You can’t. You can’t. Now, the incoming President of the United States says he wants to spend more money on defense. Are we doing that with this continuing resolution? Of course not. The incoming President of the United States says we don’t have a big enough Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, and we are cutting the size of the military. Meanwhile, the President of the United States gives one of the most bi-zarre speeches I have ever heard in my life about what a great job he has done, what a fantastic job; and thank God ISIS does not pose an existential threat to the United States of Amer-ica—never mind San Bernardino, never mind all the other attacks across the country and Europe. Never mind those. It is not an existential threat. This is the same Barack Obama who said ISIS was the JV and couldn’t carry Kobe’s T-shirt. So what are we doing? By God, we are going to be out of here. Thank God, we are going to be out of here. And what are we doing? We haven’t passed a de-fense appropriations bill that funds our troops. Earlier this year we had a de-fense appropriations bill, approved unanimously by the Appropriations Committee, but Democrats put politics ahead of our troops, filibustered that legislation, and brought the Senate to a halt. Does anybody wonder about the ap-proval rating of Congress when we will not even appropriate the money to de-fend this Nation and pay for the men and women in uniform who are sacri-ficing as we speak? Of course not. Why haven’t we passed the bill? Now, fresh off an election—the election is over. Republicans won control of the House and the Senate and the White House in part by promising to rebuild our military. Congress is about to cut defense spending again by passing an-other irresponsible continuing resolu-tion. Let me be clear, this continuing reso-lution would cut resources to our troops, delay the cutting-edge equip-ment they need, and hamper the war in Afghanistan. A lot of my colleagues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.048 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6962 December 9, 2016 
may not understand, you authorize cer-tain amounts of money for certain pro-grams. With a continuing resolution, you can’t shift that money around. Suppose there is a new product, there is a new weapon, there is a new ability we have. With a continuing resolution, now going on for 7 months, we will do that. Congratulations. Congratula-tions. So this is Washington. Democrats fil-ibuster funding for our troops in a po-litical game to extort more funding for pet domestic programs. Republicans feign outrage. Then those same Repub-licans return months later to negotiate a continuing resolution that gives Democrats the domestic spending in-creases they always wanted, does so by—guess what. Guess what. There is an increase in this continuing resolu-tion for domestic programs, some of them pork-barrel projects, and cutting funds for defense. I am not making that up. I wonder how many of the 100 Senators who will be voting on this continuing resolution know that this continuing resolution increases domes-tic spending and decreases defense spending. What a sham. What a fraud. Is there any wonder the American peo-ple hold us in such contempt? We are down to paid staff and blood relatives. There is a lot wrong with this con-tinuing resolution, but let me start with the rank hypocrisy embedded deep within its pages. Five years ago Con-gress recognized the need to rein in Federal spending, but instead of ad-dressing the actual drivers of our defi-cits and debt, in one of the great copouts in history, it settled for a meat-ax approach. Congress passed the Budget Control Act, which cuts spend-ing across the board. No matter how worthwhile, no matter how necessary, treat it all the same and cut it across the board, OK? It is designated to be so terrible, this sequestration—remember, it was 5 years ago—sequestration would be so terrible it would force Re-publicans and Democrats to negotiate a more reasonable compromise. We know how that worked out. The Budget Control Act failed to force a grand bargain on the budget, but it was so genuinely terrible that Congress had to negotiate a series of short-term agreements to get out from under it. The latest of these was the Bipartisan Budget Act, which was passed last year and provided small increases for de-fense and on defense spending. This agreement was consistent with the principle articulated by many of my Republican and Democratic col-leagues—that defense and nondefense were supposed to be treated equally. It does not matter when you see the world on fire, no matter when you see 6 million refugees out of Syria, no mat-ter when you see 500,000 dead, no mat-ter when you see the Chinese asserting control over the Asia-Pacific region, no matter that you see Vladimir Putin dismembering Ukraine and putting pressures of enormity on the Balkan countries, no matter that you see the Russians, now a major power in the Middle East for the first time since Anwar Sadat, threw him out of Egypt in 1973—no matter all that. No matter that we continue to increase because we react to the number of troops and the amount of equipment that we are having to send to Iraq and Syria and other places in the world—treat the EPA the same as the U.S. Marine Corps. Treat the IRS the same as our brave pilots who are now flying in com-bat in Iraq and Syria. Treat them the same. This was the so-called principle of parity. For the record, I never believed this trope. Instead, I held fast to another principle—that funding our troops would be based solely on what they need to defend the Nation. Isn’t that an unusual sentiment—to fund the troops with what they need to defend the Na-tion, to give them the very best equip-ment so that, in the testimony of the uniform service chiefs before the Armed Services committee, who said in unvarnished words—these great mili-tary uniformed leaders said: We are putting the lives of the men and women in uniform ‘‘at greater risk.’’ Is no one in this body embarrassed that we are putting the lives of the men and women in the military at greater risk? What is happening here? Many of my colleagues disagreed with me, which was their right. Over the last 2 years as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, having listened to the testimony of our most senior military commanders about the growing risk to the lives of our servicemembers, I have tried to break the hold of these arbitrary spending limits, increase defense spending, and give our troops the re-sources they need to defend the Nation. Let me tell you what is happening to the military today. We have seen the movie before—after the Vietnam war. They have less ability to train. They have less ability to operate. Our pilots in the Air Force, Marine Corps, and Navy are flying fewer hours per month than Chinese and Russian pilots are. They are having to rob planes. They have even had to go to the Boneyard in Tucson, AZ, to find parts for their air-planes. They are that short of them. You know what is going to happen? The pilots of these services are going to get out in droves because the com-mercial airline pilots who were hired after the Vietnam war are all retiring. All these people want to do is fly air-planes. When they are in Syria and Iraq, yes, they fly a lot. When they get back, they don’t fly at all. Why? They don’t have the money. When you cut defense, the first thing that suffers is operations, maintenance, and training. Again, it is not as if it is a new phe-nomenon. We have seen the movie be-fore. Here we are. We passed a defense bill last year that provided $38 billion in additional resources to give our serv-icemembers the modern equipment and advanced training they need. President Obama vetoed that bill because, as his White House explained, he would ‘‘not fix defense without fixing nondefense spending.’’ Think about that. The President of the United States puts defending this Nation on the same level as domestic programs. I am all for the domestic programs. I am not objecting to them, but to put them on the same level as the defense of the Nation partially ex-plains the disasters over the last 8 years. America has decided to lead from behind, and America is now held without respect or regard throughout the world. We see all kinds of bad things happening, and I will not bother my colleagues because all I have to do is pick up the morning paper or turn on the television. This year I offered an amendment to the Defense authorization bill on the Senate floor to add $18 billion to the defense budget, an increase that would have returned defense spending to the level the President himself had re-quested and for which the Department of Defense had planned. The Senate Democrats and some Republicans voted against that amendment. One Demo-cratic Senator objected, saying: ‘‘If de-fense funds are increased, funding for domestic agencies must also be in-creased.’’ Got that? ‘‘If defense funds are in-creased, funding for domestic agencies must also be increased.’’ Some Republicans, mainly on the Ap-propriations Committee, argued that the amendment would not adhere to the Bipartisan Budget Act and stall momentum to pass appropriations bills as we consider yet another continuing resolution. We see how well that worked out. So entrenched was this absurd notion of parity between defense and non-defense spending that when President Obama decided to keep more troops in harm’s way in Afghanistan—finally recognizing a little reality—he refused to pay for them unless nondefense spending received an identical funding increase. Let me make that clear. The President of the United States—recog-nizing that the Taliban was not only not defeated but was gaining ground in parts of Afghanistan, the Afghan mili-tary sustaining unsustainable casualty rates—sent more troops to Afghani-stan, sent more help to Afghanistan, but wouldn’t pay for them unless we increased domestic spending. Is that some kind of nonsense? So en-trenched was this absurd notion of par-ity between defense and nondefense spending that the bottom line is this: Congress has had multiple opportuni-ties to give our troops the resources they need. Each time, aided and abet-ted by the President and his adminis-tration, we squandered these opportu-nities because of the so-called principle of parity—that ‘‘any increase in fund-ing must be shared equally between de-fense and nondefense.’’ After all that, it turns out that par-ity was merely politics masquerading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.049 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6963 December 9, 2016 
as principle. Because, dear friends, now Congress is about to pass a continuing resolution that shatters any notion of parity, breaks the spending limits of the Bipartisan Budget Act, increases nondefense spending at the expense of our troops, and even creates a loophole that allows nondefense spending to skirt the law and avoid sequestration— not defense spending, nondefense spending. It is crazy. Under this continuing resolution, nondefense spending—get this. I don’t know how many of my colleagues know this. Under this continuing resolution, nondefense spending is $3 billion above the Bipartisan Budget Act. Where does this additional money come from? It was taken from our troops. Under the continuing resolution, defense spending is $3 billion below the Bipartisan Budg-et Act. As a result of increased funding, non-defense spending violates the Bipar-tisan Budget Act and would face se-questration at the beginning of next year to bring it back in line with spending levels allowed under the law. Not so fast, my friends—the continuing resolution contains a ‘‘get out of jail free’’ card that allows nondefense spending to break the Bipartisan Budg-et Act to avoid sequestration. Here is what we are doing: We are cutting defense spending. We are in-creasing nondefense spending, even though it breaks the act and we have a provision in there that that is OK. I just hope that everybody knows what they are voting on in this. Am I missing something? Am I miss-ing something? Do Republicans control the House of Representatives? They are the ones who put this provision in. It is the Republicans who control the House of Representatives. Do Republicans fill the majority of the seats in this Sen-ate? The last time I checked, they do. Did the Republican candidate just win the White House? What on Earth are we doing here? Why are Republicans who complained for so long about runaway government spending about to vote on a take-it-or- leave-it continuing resolution that in-creases nondefense spending? Why are Republicans doing that? Why are Re-publicans who proclaim that ours is the party of strong defense cutting funding for our military to plus up spending on domestic programs? What is going on here? Why are Republicans who voted down increased funding for our military be-cause of the Bipartisan Budget Act vot-ing for a continuing resolution that al-lows nondefense spending to exceed that law and creates a loophole to es-cape sequestration? Why are Democrats who lectured for years—I got that lecture for hours and hours about the principle of fairness, of parity—who insisted that funding in-creases must be shared equally between defense and nondefense. Why are those Democrats about to support a con-tinuing resolution that explicitly breaks that principle and that funds in-creases for nondefense by taking from defense? Regretfully, as I say about Repub-licans and Democrats, the answer, and the only answer I can offer is hypoc-risy—rank hypocrisy. What is so dis-heartening about the hypocrisy of this continuing resolution is how unneces-sary it is. We can pass an appropria-tions bill. The appropriations bill was passed out of the Appropriations Com-mittee unanimously. We can pass it. We can do it tomorrow; we can do it to-night. But they don’t want to do that. They want this continuing resolution with all this stuff hidden in it, with a lot of legislative things in it that we find out, guess what, 10 hours, 24 hours, maybe even 48 hours before we vote on it. That is when we find out what is in the bill. I would challenge—I would like to take a poll of my 100 colleagues here. How many of them have read the con-tinuing resolution? I will bet you the number is zero. With this legislation, Congress has already done the hard work of negotiating a bipartisan com-promise for defense spending. The De-fense appropriations bill from earlier this year could easily be amended to reflect the compromise, and the Senate could be taking up the bill, but we are not. Instead, we are about to vote on another continuing resolution that would cut $6 billion from the level au-thorized by the NDAA. I want to point out again: Who is being harmed by this? My friends, obvi-ously, as I have stated, absolutely the men and women who are serving. They are the ones who are suffering from this. In the Defense authorization bill, we have a 2.1-percent pay raise for the military. In the continuing resolution, it is not in there. We are not even going to reward our men and women in the military with a pay raise that they have earned. Some of my colleagues on the Appro-priations Committee will argue that this continuing resolution is an in-crease to defense spending. That is a lie. I don’t say this very often, but any-one who says there is an increase in de-fense spending in this continuing reso-lution is lying. For those of you who are not familiar with Washington doublespeak, let me explain how cut translates into increase inside the belt-way. The new continuing resolution represents a modest increase over the previous continuing resolution passed in September, but that legislation con-tained a large cut to defense spending. Just as now, Members of this body were asked to go along with this cut with a promise that a Defense appro-priations bill would soon follow. None appeared. In other words, the best we can say about the continuing resolution we are considering today in this body today— and I am sure it will be passed on a Fri-day night—is that it merely contains a smaller defense cut than its prede-cessor. Twist the figures all you want, and I guarantee you that somebody on the Budget Committee or the Budget Committee chairman will twist it. The fact is, this continuing resolution is $6 billion less than what Congress just au-thorized for defense spending. Yester-day, we passed a Defense authorization bill, and this is $6 billion less than what we authorized. That is what we should be grading ourselves on because that is what our military has told us they need and what this body has agreed to provide them. Let me emphasize that we go through weeks and months of hearings, mark-ups, input, and debate, and we come up with a Defense authorization bill and provide this body in the Congress and the Nation with our best judgment of what America needs to defend this Na-tion and how much it costs. This con-tinuing resolution will cut that num-ber by $6 billion. That may not be much money among some, but it is one heck of a lot of money overall. The hypocrisy of this continuing res-olution is nauseating. The defense cut it contains is blind to the needs of our military, but ultimately it is the basic fact that Congress has failed to pass an appropriations bill and will be forced to pass another continuing resolution that will have the most real and imme-diate consequences for our service-members. Our Nation asks a lot of the men and women serving in uniform. As I mentioned, we are going to go home tonight, I am sure, because of the pres-sures that always take place on a Thursday or Friday, and they will still be out there. They will still be out there on the front line. They will be in Syria, Iraq, and helping the Afghan fighters defend their nation. They won’t be going home, but we will. And what will we leave them with? A $6 bil-lion reduction in their ability to defend this Nation. The continuing resolution locks our military into last year’s budget and last year’s priorities. Tell me a com-pany in the world where you have to stick with the priorities from the year before as you approach the coming year as to what you want to do and you are locked into the last year’s provi-sions. Consider what happened to our counter-ISIL efforts under the con-tinuing resolution that is about to ex-pire. Last week, military leaders had to come to Congress hat in hand seek-ing relief from the constraints of a con-tinuing resolution in order to keep up the fight against ISIL. Since the begin-ning of the year, the Defense Depart-ment requested money to support local forces in Syria who are fighting to drive ISIL out of Raqqa, but because we are on a continuing resolution, money wasn’t there. The Secretary of Defense, the highest civilian leader of our military, had to spend his time searching couch cushions to continue our fight against ISIL. Every day that ISIL remains entrenched in Raqqa is another day they can plot attacks on our homeland. It is another day they can terrorize Syria. It is another day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.051 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6964 December 9, 2016 
they can call themselves a caliphate. It is another day they can attract foreign fighters to their murderous cause. All of the Defense authorization and appro-priations bills included the money to fund Syrians fighting to remove ISIL from its sanctuary, but the continuing resolution did not. If we had done our jobs, this wouldn’t be an issue, but it was. The same thing will happen under a new continuing resolution that does not fully fund the war in Afghanistan. The legislation will force the Depart-ment of Defense to pay for urgent re-quirements to deter Russian aggression in Europe by cannibalizing funds need-ed to help our Afghan partners take the fight to our common terrorist en-emies. When it comes to national secu-rity, robbing Peter to pay Paul is not a strategy; it is a disgrace. This wouldn’t be necessary under an appropriations bill, but it is under this continuing res-olution, which is blind to the realities of our dangerous world, and the con-sequences will be felt on the battle-field. The Department of Defense had re-quested $814 million to provide our Af-ghan partners with the helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft they need to take the fight to the Taliban and ISIL. This continuing resolution contains none of that funding. If there is anything we need in this fight, it is airpower. General Nicholson, the commander of U.S. and international forces in Af-ghanistan, sent me a letter yesterday, and he warns that without this fund-ing, ‘‘the Afghan security forces risk losing the positive close air support momentum gained over the past year, which proved instrumental in enabling them to thwart the enemy eight sepa-rate times in its efforts to seize provin-cial capitals.’’ What are we doing here? With the continuing resolution, we are putting the lives of countless Afghans in dan-ger because we are not giving them the air support that they need. Our failure to do our jobs and pass this bill and this irresponsible con-tinuing resolution will make it even harder to achieve success in our Na-tion’s longest war. This is shameful. A continuing resolution will also make the job of managing the government’s largest agency even more difficult and at the worst possible time. The Presi-dential transition process currently underway is difficult enough on its own, but no incoming President has ever had to inherit a Department of Defense operating under a continuing resolution. I will repeat that: No Presi-dent has ever had to inherit a Depart-ment of Defense operating under a con-tinuing resolution, and this is not the time to break the streak. Under a continuing resolution of any duration, our military, by law, has to delay 78 new military systems and stall additional production of 89 others. A continuing resolution delays major re-search and development initiatives. The latest continuing resolution pro-vides DOD relief from these restric-tions for the Ohio replacement pro-gram, the KC–46 tanker, and the Apache and Black Hawk helicopters, but that is only four programs out of hundreds. Worse still, this leaves DOD with the wrong mix of funding, causing shortfalls in important accounts total-ing $22 billion. Let me repeat: The con-tinuing resolution leaves the Depart-ment of Defense with a $22 billion shortfall across important accounts. Locking in funding at last year’s level across all accounts is willful ignorance of the Department’s plan to grow nec-essary programs and cut wasteful ones. This is not wise fiscal stewardship. This is reckless government on auto-pilot, and here are just a few of the consequences. The continuing resolution is totally blind to the military readiness crisis that is putting the lives of service-members at risk. We are asking our troops to be ready to defend this Na-tion at a moment’s notice. We are ask-ing our troops to be ready to take the fight to ISIL. We are asking our troops to be ready to deter, and if necessary, defeat aggression in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific. We are asking them to be ready today, but a con-tinuing resolution would force trade-offs that undermine readiness. We heard about the readiness crisis all year, but what does it really mean? It means the Navy doesn’t have enough money to maintain ships and aircraft. It means that ships that taxpayers spent billions of dollars to buy will be anchored at docks instead of out to sea. It means our Navy and Marine Corps aircraft will be grounded and their pilot skills wasting away. It means the Air Force won’t have the funding required to recruit airmen to keep its aircraft maintained and fly-ing. The NDAA we just passed would have stopped the military from cutting sol-diers, sailors, and airmen. But because of this continuing resolution, the Army will begin firing 3,000 qualified cap-tains. That is 3,000 soldiers with fami-lies. That is 3,000 soldiers who want to stay in the military and continue to serve their country. That is 3,000 sol-diers willing to put their lives on the line for us, but because we refuse to do our jobs, 3,000 soldiers are going to get pink slips. That is shameful. It is mad-ness. Every senior leader at the Depart-ment of Defense has warned Congress about the negative impacts of a con-tinuing resolution on our troops. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter stat-ed that ‘‘a continuing resolution is a straitjacket’’ that ‘‘prevents us from fielding a modern, ready force in a bal-anced way.’’ A continuing resolution, Secretary Carter said, ‘‘undercuts sta-ble planning and efficient use of tax-payer dollars.’’ The Commandant of the Marine Corps, General Neller, warned that a long-term continuing resolution ‘‘dra-matically increases risk to an already strained fiscal environment and dis-rupts predictability and our ability to properly plan and execute a budget and a 5-year program.’’ The Chief of Staff of the Air Force, General Goldfein, warned that a con-tinuing resolution would reduce pro-curement of critical munitions for the ISIL fight, affecting not only the United States but our coalition part-ners that rely on us to deliver preferred munitions. The Chief of Naval Operations, Admi-ral Richardson, warned that a con-tinuing resolution would lead to wast-ed taxpayer dollars. Under a con-tinuing resolution, the Navy would be forced to break up its contract actions into smaller pieces. As a result, Admi-ral Richardson warned that the Navy would not be able to ‘‘take advantage of savings from contractors who could better manage their workload and pass on lower costs to the Navy. These re-dundant efforts drive additional time and cost into the system, for exactly the same output.’’ The Chief of Staff of the Army, Gen-eral Milley, made a similar warning about waste and inefficiency resulting from budget uncertainty, saying, ‘‘things like multiyear contracts’’—et cetera, et cetera. General Milley is right. I say to my colleagues: This madness has to end. It is time for Congress to do its job. When it comes to doing our constitutional duty to provide for the common defense, there is no call for lazy shortcuts that shortchange our troops. We passed the Defense author-ization bill. Now let’s fund it by pass-ing the Defense appropriations bill, which gives our troops the resources, predictability, and flexibility they need and deserve. Next year, with a new President and Congress, let’s go to work immediately on ending sequestra-tion once and for all and returning to a strategy-driven defense budget. That is what the American people expect of us, and it is what the men and women who serve and sacrifice on our behalf de-serve from us. As I said, if I know my history—and I have been around here long enough— there will be an agreement. We will have a vote, and then go home and con-gratulate ourselves. For the next 15 days—or whatever it is—we are going to enjoy the Christmas holidays with our families and friends, pat ourselves on the back, and tell each other what a great job we have done. We shouldn’t do that. There are men and women serving in uniform overseas away from their families and friends and putting their lives in danger. We haven’t done our job. We haven’t done our job to provide for their security and their defense. What we have done is miserably failed, and this is an-other—not the first—and maybe the most egregious, given the state of the world today as we watch thousands being slaughtered in Aleppo, as we watch the Syrian refugee crisis, as we watch the Chinese act more aggres-sively, as we watch a buildup of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.052 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6965 December 9, 2016 
military in Kaliningrad, a place most people have not heard of, and we watch the continued aggression and advan-tage that our enemies and adversaries believe are appropriate action for them in light of our weakness. What do we do? The message we send to the men and women who are serving in our military is that we care more about being home for the holidays than we do about you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, just to ensure that there is no confusion, I ask that I be recognized for such time as I may consume at the conclusion of the remarks of the distinguished senior Senator from California. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, be-fore I begin, I wish to say a few words about my colleague from California who is retiring. I very much regret that I was not able to be here for her remarks on the floor. However, I have written a rather extensive statement for the record. I want to say here and now that no one has fought for Cali-fornia or for this country harder. She has had a dedicated and long career of service to our country, and her accom-plishments are many. Those are documented in the record, and I believe they will stand the test of time. So I want to offer my heartiest congratulations to her for 24 years of service to this country. We came to the Senate together. I have very much re-spected her, her work, and her dili-gence over these years. 
WRDA  
Now, Mr. President, I rise to speak about the Water Resources Develop-ment Act, which the House passed yes-terday afternoon 360 to 61. My col-league Senator B
OXER was the author of that bill. I believe it is a good bill. There is a whole litany of excellent projects that benefit the environment as well as the economy of so many of our States. I want to say something else about my remarkable colleague. We first ar-rived here in the Senate 24 years ago. She has accomplished a lot in that time, protecting the environment, de-fending the downtrodden and vulner-able, and fighting for California. She is a tremendous Senator, and I believe her record will withstand the test of time. Mr. President, I would like to focus on two provisions in this bill, the water infrastructure provisions and funding for Lake Tahoe restoration and protec-tion. First, this bill includes many vital water infrastructure projects that will limit the risk of flooding, restore crit-ical wildlife habitat and keep our ports running smoothly. The bill authorizes $177 million for the South San Francisco Bay Shore-line. I have been working on this project for decades, alongside the local sponsors and Army Corps of Engineers. With nearly 200 square miles of com-munities in low-lying areas along the shoreline, some that are more than 13 feet below sea level, this area faces a significant threat of major tidal flood-ing. Coupled with the restoration of more than 15,000 acres of wetlands, this project will protect vulnerable commu-nities and improve wildlife refuges and public and private infrastructure val-ued at more than $50 billion. The bill also authorizes the Los An-geles River Project. At a cost of $1.42 billion, this project will restore 11 miles of the Los Angeles River from Griffith Park to downtown Los Ange-les. The bill also authorizes $880 million to reduce floods along American and Sacramento Rivers near Sacramento, $780 million to reduce flooding in West Sacramento, and expands eligibility of an existing Federal program increasing funding for harbor maintenance to in-clude the ports of Hueneme and San Diego. The bill also includes a piece of legis-lation that deals with a passion of mine, saving Lake Tahoe. This summer, more than 7,000 people joined together for the 20th Annual Lake Tahoe Summit. I proudly shared the stage with Sen-ators REIDand B OXER , California Gov-ernor Jerry Brown, and President Obama. This summit was an impressive book-end to Senator R
EID’s efforts to save Lake Tahoe. In 1997, he invited President Clinton for the first Lake Tahoe Summit to highlight the declining health of the lake and to announce a major Federal restoration effort. That summit launched an impressive public-private partnership that has since invested $1.9 billion in restora-tion projects in Lake Tahoe and the surrounding basin. This remarkable partnership brought Federal, State, local, tribal, and pri-vate interests together to help save the lake. Their work got a real boost in 2000 when we passed the original Lake Tahoe Restoration Act, which author-ized $300 million over 10 years. That $1.9 billion has been invested in nearly 500 completed projects and 120 more that are in the works. These in-clude erosion control on 729 miles of roads, 65,000 acres of hazardous fuels treatment, more than 16,000 acres of wildlife habitat restored, and 1,500 acres of stream environment zones re-stored. And 2,770 linear feet of shore-line has been added, creating or im-proving 152 miles of bike and pedes-trian routes. But we still have more work to do. The Tahoe Environmental Research Center at UC-Davis recently released their annual State of the Lake report. Their research highlighted several threats to the lake: Climate change and drought are creating increasing the potential for a catastrophic wild-fire in the Tahoe Basin, sedimentation and pollution continue to decrease water quality and the lake’s treasured clarity, and invasive species threaten the economy of the region. The time to act to is now, and the Federal Government must take a lead-ing role—close to 80 percent of the land surrounding Lake Tahoe is public land, primarily in more than 150,000 acres of national forest. This bill authorizes $415 million over 10 years to help address those chal-lenges. This bill authorizes $150 million for wildfire fuel reduction and forest res-toration projects, $45 million to fight invasive species including a successful boat inspection program, $113 million for projects to prevent water pollution and help improve water infrastructure that helps to maintain the lake’s water clarity, $80 million for the Environ-mental Improvement Program which prioritizes the most effective projects for restoration, and $20 million for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to help with the recovery of several native fish species. The bill also requires an annual re-port to Congress detailing the status of all projects undertaken to make sure dollars are expended wisely. We have an opportunity to ensure the future of Lake Tahoe by passing the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 and, thus, passing the Lake Tahoe Bill of 2015. I want to speak today about the Cali-fornia drought language in this bill, which represents 3 years of effort on my part. I believe these provisions are both necessary and will help our State. I think it is noticeable that both Democrats and Republicans in the Cali-fornia House delegation voted for this bill. In fact, a substantial majority of California House Democrats—21 out of 37—voted yes for the bill. I particularly want to thank Rep-resentatives C
OSTA and G ARAMENDI for their help in this bill throughout this effort. They really made a major effort. Overall, 35 of the 51 California rep-resentatives from both parties who voted, from up and down our very big State, voted for this bill and its drought provisions. California is now entering into our sixth year of drought. Experts have in-dicated that even if this is the final year of drought, which many doubt, it will take an additional time of 4 years to recover. The effects of the drought have been devastating. In the past 2 years, 35,000 people have lost jobs; $4.9 billion has been lost to the California economy; 1 million acres of farmland were fallowed in 2015; 69 communities have little or no water; and 2,400 pri-vate water wells have gone dry. We had 102 million trees on Federal land die during this period of time. Parts of the Great Central Valley have seen as much as 1 foot of land subsidence. That is where the ground actually sinks be-cause of groundwater depletion. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.053 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6966 December 9, 2016 
means cracks in canals, bridges, and pipelines. I have seen those photos. We have had 95- and 98-percent salmon mortality in the past 2 years because of problems with cold water temperature valves and probes at Shasta Dam, which provides the cold water to the Sacramento River. To address the devastating impacts of this drought and to create a long- term new infrastructure that moves away from dams, the bill contains two key parts: short-term provisions and long-term provisions. Before I go into them, I want to say that the drought part of the bill is supported by 218 cit-ies, 6 county governments, 446 water districts, both urban and agricultural. I ask unanimous consent that that information be printed in the R
ECORD  directly following my remarks. Those operational provisions are short term. They last just 5 years. They don’t contain any mandatory pumping levels. This bill does not say that if the water flow is such and such, the pumps that move that water must pump at X, Y, or Z. There is none of that. Instead, what this bill does is re-quire daily monitoring for fish when water is turbid. This monitoring also takes place more frequently and closer to the pumps than it does today. Today, it is at 17 miles from the pumps, and the change is 12 miles from the pumps. It also requires agencies to explain their decisions when they reduce pumping. This will bring about transparency, provide solid reasoning for decisions, and, I think, reduce the angst that ex-ists out there about how those systems are controlled. Those provisions simply require the agencies to use the best available science based on real-time monitoring so that we can save some water from those heavy flows, as you see on the chart next to me. These are the heavy flows that came in February and March, and we were not able to hold this water and use it later in the year. What we have done here is tracked every single day from the beginning of the year and what the pumping level was and what the water level was. We also talk about the numbers caught, which are very small: adult smelt, 12; juvenile smelt, 8, and winter-run salm-on, 56. So this can be improved, and we seek to do that. We also provide provisions that sim-ply require the agency to use the best available science based on real-time monitoring, so, again, we can save water from the heavy flows, as you have just seen. Even if this sixth year is a bumper crop of water, UCLA pre-dicts that it is going to take 4
1⁄2years to recover from the drought. Other short-term provisions include extending the time period for vol-untary water transfers by 5 months; ending the winter storm payback re-quirement, which says: If you save this water, you must put it back into the ocean; allowing a 1-to-1 ratio for vol-untary water transfers that can help both fish and farms; and allowing expe-dited reviews of transfers and construc-tion of barriers to protect water qual-ity. These water supplies are not for big corporate agriculture, as some would have you think; this water is for the tens of thousands of small farms that have gone bankrupt, like a melon farmer who sat in my office with tears in his eyes and told me how he lost a farm that he had struggled to pay for and that had been part of his family for generations. There are also small towns in the Central Valley, where peo-ple are still bathing with bottled water and some 2,500 wells have run dry. We worked for 2 years with Interior, NOAA fisheries, and the Council on En-vironmental Quality to make sure there were strong environmental pro-tections, including a very comprehen-sive savings clause, and we will get to that in a minute. So the bill in this measure requires agency scientists to review every pro-posed action. That is right. Scientists must review and approve every pro-posed action under this bill. These are agency biologists and experts in endan-gered species. The bill requires them to carefully review every proposal to move water under the provisions of this bill. That is what they do today, and that is what they would do under the bill. That is what the ESA requires, and that is what this bill will require. The savings clause in this bill also makes clear that the provisions will not override existing environmental law, like the Endangered Species Act and biological opinions. The bill also makes clear that noth-ing in this bill will affect water qual-ity. Drinking water will still be avail-able at the same levels of quality as be-fore. The State will have the same abil-ity to regulate water in the delta as it always has had. To make this even clearer, each individual section also re-quires consistency with the environ-mental laws and biological opinions. These protections are referenced in the bill no less than 36 times through-out. In fact, the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation wrote on June 27. He wrote about the savings clause: ‘‘[The savings clause] leads me to con-clude that the directives in this legis-lation are to be implemented in a man-ner consistent with the ESA and the current biological opinions for federal and state projects.’’ I ask unanimous consent to have this letter and my memo concerning the drought savings clause be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR , B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION , Washington, DC, June 27, 2016. Hon. D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR FEINSTEIN : Thank you for your letter of February 24, 2016, addressed to President Barack Obama regarding your leg-islation entitled the California Long-Term Provisions for Water Supply and Short-Term Provisions for Emergency Drought Relief Act, numbered S. 2533 and H.R. 5247. I apolo-gize for the delay in this response. As you know, I testified on S. 2533 before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee’s Water and Power Sub-committee on May 17, 2016. Your legislation authorizes significant new investments in proven water supply and conservation activi-ties that will help make California’s water supplies more resilient in the face of drought. Locally supported projects such as water recycling, water efficiency improve-ments, desalination, groundwater storage, distributed treatment systems and surface water storage are given thoughtful consider-ation in S. 2533, with allowance for robust non-federal cost-sharing for new projects. In addition, the bill contains an important savings clause in section 701 which states that the bill shall not be interpreted or im-plemented in a manner that ‘‘overrides, modifies, or amends’’ the Endangered Spe-cies Act (ESA) or the application of the bio-logical opinions governing operations in the Bay Delta. The combination of these provi-sions leads me to conclude that the direc-tives in this legislation are to be imple-mented in a manner consistent with the ESA and the current biological opinions for the federal and state projects. While S. 2533 and H.R. 5247 codify the flexi-bility Reclamation has exercised in its drought contingency plans over the past sev-eral years, I also wish to be clear that there is little, if any, operational flexibility re-maining in the biological opinions beyond that already being exercised. Consequently, as indicated by the 2015 Statement of Admin-istration Position on H.R. 2898 (Valadao), the Department would be concerned about, and would likely oppose, any subsequent change in the authorizations contained in S. 2533 or H.R. 5247 that purport to create additional flexibility in the biological opinions by amending those opinions or the ESA itself. I believe that on balance, S. 2533 is a bene-ficial piece of legislation and will help Cali-fornia’s water supply in the near- and long- term. I appreciate your ongoing efforts to work with Reclamation and the Department on this bill. [intend to continue this partner-ship moving forward. Sincerely, ESTEVAN R. L O´PEZ, Commissioner. 
From the Office of Senator Dianne Fein-stein, Dec. 9, 2016 Re Drought language savings clause 
SAVINGS LANGUAGE  The drought language included in the Water Resources and Development Act of 2016 contains a comprehensive savings clause. The savings clause states that noth-ing in this legislation overrides, modifies, or amends, the Endangered Species Act or the relevant provisions of the smelt and salmonid biological opinion that govern the coordinated operations of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, located in California. In fact, the Interior Department (respon-sible for developing and implementing the smelt biological opinion) and the Commerce Department (responsible for developing and implementing the salmonid biological opin-ion) drafted sections that govern impacts to these endangered species. The intention be-hind three years of work with the federal agencies responsible for enforcing the En-dangered Species Act was clear: To prohibit any federal agency, under any administra-tion, from taking any action that would vio-late the Endangered Species Act, 16 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.056 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6967 December 9, 2016 
§§1531–1544 (2012) or the relevant biological opinions. That the Act is to be implemented in a manner that complies with the protections within the Endangered Species Act is high-lighted by a June 27, 2016 letter from the Commissioner of Reclamation. In that let-ter, the Commissioner states the savings clause and other environmental protections contained in S. 2533 (upon which this savings clause was based) ‘‘leads me to conclude that the directives in the legislation are to be im-plemented in a manner consistent with the ESA and the current biological opinions for the federal and state projects.’’ To make clear this legislation’s goal of consistency with the Endangered Species Act and biological opinions, each individual sec-tion of the bill likewise requires consistency with the environmental laws and biological opinions. These protections are referenced no less than thirty-six times throughout the bill. The argument that a savings clause—of the kind that is routinely included in bills passed by Congress—may be rendered inef-fective by more specific provisions of an act misses the mark. As a general matter, the Supreme Court has made clear that it will take its guidance from a ‘‘common-sense view’’ of the language of the savings clause itself. And the language here is unmistak-able and clear: Nothing in the Act ‘‘over-rides, modifies, or amends the applicability of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or the application of the smelt and salmonid biological opinions to the operation of the Central Valley Project or the State Water Project.’’ In fact, the Supreme Court concluded that language in a savings clause worded almost identically to the clause in S. 2533 did, in fact, govern in the event of conflicts between the act and already-existing legal standards. The statute there made clear that nothing in the act could be construed to ‘‘modify, im-pair, or supersede’’ the applicability of anti-trust laws and any other federal, state, or local law. That reading led the Court to the logical conclusion that nothing in the act (much like the language here) could be read to alter already-existing standards (the ana-logue here would be the biological opinions and the ESA). Moreover, the argument for applying the savings language to each individual provi-sion of the bill is even stronger in this case, because each individual provision repeats the same environmental protections. Rather than conflicting, the savings language and the individual sections reflect the same in-tent: that any action implementing the bill must be consistent with the environmental laws, including the ESA and the biological opinions. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. In fact, the savings clause here is drafted to be nearly iden-tical to the savings clause in a case called Verizon Communication v. Trinko. This is a Supreme Court case in which the Court took a common-sense view of the same clause as we have in this bill and concluded that clause prevented any modification to existing law. I also want to talk about process. The bill before you today is the result of 3 years of painstaking and public work. I first introduced a version of this bill in July of 2015. That bill re-ceived significant public input, includ-ing a Senate energy committee hearing last October. Based on feedback, I re-vised that bill and then circulated a public discussion draft in December of that year. We incorporated feedback from a variety of stakeholders, includ-ing environmentalists, water districts, and State and Federal agencies. We made dozens of changes. Incorporating all of this, I then in-troduced a revised bill in February of 2016. That revised bill received a second Senate hearing in the committee in May. The administration testified at that time that the bill complied with the Endangered Species Act and rel-evant biological opinions. The short-term operational provi-sions in this bill are largely the same as the bill I introduced in February. We also made the savings clause and envi-ronmental protections even stronger, referencing them no fewer than 36 times. I truly believe the long-term provision, as well as the environmental protections, would not be included in any bill under a Congress that we might expect in the future. While the short-term provisions will alleviate some suffering, I believe that the most important part of the bill is actually the long-term section. In Cali-fornia, we have depended on a water system that is overallocated and over-stressed. I want to explain that. We have two big water systems. One is the State water system, put forward by Governor Pat Brown in the middle 1960s, when California had 16 million people. The other is the Central Valley Water Project, bonded and paid for by agriculture water contractors. That was put forward in the 1930s. By census, California today is 39.1 million people, and the number of un-documented in addition to that is esti-mated to be 2.5 million. I often say, and it is conservative, the State today is 40 million people with a water infrastruc-ture created when we were 16 million people. To address the demands of a growing population and changing climate, we have long-term provisions that include $550 million in authorizations for pro-grams, including fish and wildlife pro-tection, desalination, storage, recy-cling, and water grant programs. Over the course of 3 years of work, we heard the concerns of many people about the loss of salmon. And I’ve been told that the pumps actually were not to blame for the high mortality rates of salmon in the past 2 years. In fact, only 56 out of an allowable 1,017 salmon were caught at these pumps. I said I was dis-appointed. The word is surprised. The problem has been a malfunctioning cold water valve at Shasta Dam that meant there was not enough cold water for fish in the Sacramento River. Ac-cording to NOAA Fisheries, these mis-takes resulted in a salmon kill of 95 percent in 2014 and a salmon kill of 98 percent in 2015. Of the $150 million in the energy and water appropriations I have acquired the past two years, we have used some to fix this problem and Shasta, in addition to other infrastruc-ture problems. We also have $43 million of environmentally beneficial bills, some of which can be used to make sure we avoid a devastating loss to salmon. Let me tell you what that $43 million includes: $15 million for habitat res-toration projects, $15 million for fish passage projects, $3 million for a long- wanted delta smelt distribution study requested by Fish and Wildlife, and a program to reduce predator fish. Let me tell you what a big problem that is in the delta. People add predator fish such as striped bass to be able to en-courage a fishing industry. The smelt go where the turbid waters are. The fishing magazines say if you want to catch fish, go to the turbid water. So fishermen go to the places where the striped bass are feeding on the endan-gered species. Additionally, in this bill, we have money to eliminate what has been a huge growth of water hyacinth, which drain the nutrients from the water. I would also say we have about a dozen sewage treatment plants that put millions of gallons of 1.75 million gallons of ammonia per year into the delta. The delta is a troubled place, and let there be no doubt about it. There are a lot of islands, there is farming, and the soil is peat. When the levees leak, the peat soil goes into the delta, throws off trihalomethanes, and pol-lutes the water further. We add $10 million to connect impor-tant wildlife refuges to sources of water, and the bill also includes $515 million that can go to a new kind of water infrastructure for California. This includes $30 million for design and construction of desalination plants. These projects actually do work. What I am told is what we need to secure is a third-generation mem-brane because the energy coefficient of desal has been negative. With a third- generation membrane, you can turn that deficit into a positive coefficient. The bill also includes $335 million for storage and groundwater projects. The only way we will be able to weather fu-ture droughts is by holding water in wet years for dry years, and that means more storage, including ground-water storage. We have money in there for WaterSMART, and this will help fund water supply and conservation. We have $50 million included for the existing Colorado River System Con-servation Program. To date, this pop-ular program has resulted in 80,000 acre-feet of water saved throughout the West, including through projects in Ar-izona, California, Nevada, Colorado, and Wyoming. I wish to address my colleagues’ con-cerns that this bill will allow the next administration to build dams all over the country without any congressional approval, and this is simply not true. Let me set the record straight about how storage projects work under this bill. The drought language here gives Congress veto authority through con-trol of appropriations for any storage project. This means that reclamation will do the same rigorous studies it has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.015 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6968 December 9, 2016 
always done, including feasibility stud-ies and environmental impact state-ments. Reclamation would then submit a list of recommended projects to Con-gress, and Congress would decide how to fund them. If Congress has concerns, it doesn’t fund the project. It is that simple. This will allow Federal funding to go to qualified, environmentally mitigated, and cost-beneficial projects on the same timeframe as projects funded under the California State water bond. That is just common sense, making sure the Federal Government partners with States such as California to ensure the best projects get funding but only with Congress’s approval. It was said on this floor that ground-water projects are the best solution for California water problems, and this bill helps build those groundwater projects. Again, this proposal made so much sense 1 year ago that my colleague from California cosponsored the meas-ure. Moreover, this is not the Federal Government building projects that States and local governments oppose. To the contrary, the bill sets up a proc-ess where the Federal Government can contribute up to 25 percent of the cost of projects built by States or local agencies in collaboration with a broad range of local agencies. The Federal Government cannot con-tribute more than 25 percent of the cost. They have to work with the States and local agencies that would fund the rest. This provision has also been the sub-ject of two public hearings and the Obama administration supported it. The Obama administration stated the following in relationship to the water storage programs in the bill at the May 26 hearing in the Energy Committee: 
We are finding that State and local juris-dictions are developing their own funding for many of these types of projects and would like to have a federal partner but are unable to wait for an authorization for Reclamation to participate in such a project. Con-sequently, we are of the view that in addi-tion to the traditional Reclamation para-digm for study, authorization, then partici-pation in federal water projects, Congress should revisit a standing authorization that allows some kind of investment in the state and local projects as contemplated. 
I want to talk about the offsets on the bill. On this floor, it has been said that this is a sweetheart deal that would cost the taxpayers billions of dollars, and that is simply flatly un-true. In fact, the CBO budget office has said that the bill will save Treasury $558 million, and that is the truth. As I said, California is home to more than 40 million people and our major water infrastructure hasn’t been sig-nificantly changed in the past 50 years when we had 16 million. We must mod-ernize the system, both the infrastruc-ture and operational flexibility, or I fear we risk eventually becoming a desert State. To the best of our ability, we have addressed concerns raised by environ-mentalists, water districts, Federal and State agencies, and the ag sector. This bill has bipartisan support in both Houses, and I believe these provisions will place California on a long-term path to drought resiliency. I wish to say thank you. A lot of peo-ple have had a very hard time through this drought. It is my hope that we can get this bill passed and then, on a bi-partisan basis, this Congress, both Sen-ate and House, can see that we do what we can to abate this drought and also begin to build a new water infrastruc-ture in California. I thank the Chair. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD as follows: 
California Drought Relief 
SUPPORT FOR PROVISION IN WATER RESOURCES  
DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016  
SUPPORT FOR DROUGHT PROVISION IN WRDA 2016  Endorsed Bill & Voted for Final Passage House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Rep. John Garamendi (D-CA3), Rep. Jim Costa (D-CA16), Rep. Ken Calvert (R-CA42), Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA22), Rep. David G. Valadao (R-CA21), Rep. Douglas LaMalfa (R-CA1), Rep. Tom McClintock (R-CA4), Rep. Darrell E. Issa (R-CA49), Rep. Mimi Walters (R-CA45), Rep. Stephen Knight (R-CA25), Rep. Edward R. Royce (R-CA39), Rep. Paul Cook (R-CA8), Rep. Jeff Denham (R-CA10), Rep. Scott H. Peters (D-CA52). Letters of Support & Press Releases Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, Ducks Unlimited, California Waterfowl Association, City of Fresno, City of Pasadena, Water Infrastructure Network, San Francisco Public Utilities Commis-sion, Gateway Cities Council of Governments (list of members available at http:// www.gatewaycog.org/gateway/who-we-are/ member-agency-contacts), Southern California Association of Govern-ments (list of members available at https:// www.scag.ca.gov/about/Pages/members.aspx), Association of California Water Agencies (list of members available at http:// www.acwa.com/membership/directory). 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I stayed on the floor and listened to all of the remarks of the senior Senator from California. While doing that, we did some checking. My staff informs me that probably this bill has more bene-fits for the State of California than any bill since I have been here for 22 years so I think it is very important the peo-ple understand that if for some reason this bill doesn’t pass, none of the things, the provisions the Senator was talking about, will happen so it is very significant. Since we are going to have a vote on a continuing resolution, I think at this point we need to make sure our govern-ment does not shut down. It is very im-portant that it not shut down right in the middle of—arguably, three wars— but that could be as late as 1 a.m. to-morrow morning. After that is when we will be considering the WRDA bill. That is the Water Resources Develop-ment Act. It is one of which I am very proud, as the current chairman of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee, to be involved in this bill that has been so eloquently described by Senator FEINSTEIN . For the last several months, our committee has been working to put to-gether the final WRDA package with our counterparts in the House, actu-ally, the House Energy and Commerce, the House T&I Committee, and the Natural Resources Committee of the House. This legislation is truly a win for America. While we just heard of many things that be of benefit for the State of California, there is not one State that doesn’t have benefits there. They are long overdue and coming from this legislation. WRDA authorizes 30 new navigation, flood control, and environmental res-toration projects and modifies eight existing projects based on reports sub-mitted to Congress by the Secretary of the Army. These projects support our Nation’s economic competitiveness and our well-being by deepening nationally significant ports, providing protection from disastrous floodwaters, and re-storing valuable ecosystems. Let me just list a few: the Little Diomede Harbor and Craig Harbor in Alaska, the Upper Ohio River in Penn-sylvania, Port Everglades in Florida, and 17 flood control and hurricane pro-tection projects in California, Florida, Mississippi, New Jersey, Illinois, Wis-consin, and Oregon. This bill also in-cludes ecosystem restoration in the Florida Everglades, which will fix Lake Okeechobee and stop algae blooms on the Florida coast. The bill also includes ongoing flood control and navigation safety in the Hamilton City project in California, the Rio de Flag project in Arizona, and in critical fixes for the Houston Ship Channel. The bill includes programs to help small and disadvantaged commu-nities provide safe drinking water and will help communities address drinking water emergencies, such as the one fac-ing the city of Flint, MI. Let’s ensure that we all understand that without the authorization of this bill, there will be no Flint relief. That is very important. I want to repeat that. People don’t seem to understand. There is a lot of support in this Cham-ber to try to help out with the prob-lems, the disasters that took place in Flint, MI, so we have a relief package that is included in this bill, but if the bill for some reason doesn’t pass, there will be no relief for Flint, MI. The House has voted to authorize Flint funding in the WRDA bill and spending in the continuing resolution. Both of these bills provide the benefit for Flint, MI, passed by over a three- fourths majority. We could not have worked closer with Senator S
TABENOW  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.058 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6969 December 9, 2016 
and Senator P ETERS to ensure we keep relief for Flint. I appreciate their part-nership and their persistence. They were very persistent, because these provisions were in here before, but the relief is delivered. But if for some rea-son the bill doesn’t pass, Flint gets nothing, and people have to understand that. We could not have had a closer working relationship with Senator S
TABENOW and Senator P ETERS , and I really appreciate the fact that we all worked together to accomplish this one thing. There is unanimity, and that is help for Flint, MI. The bill includes the Gold King Mine spill recovery. This section, cham-pioned by Senators G
ARDNER , BENNET , and U
DALL , requires EPA to reduce costs incurred by States, tribes, and local governments to respond to the Gold King Mine spill. This bill includes rehabilitation of high-hazard potential dams. This sec-tion of the bill authorizes FEMA as-sistance to States to rehabilitate un-safe dams. There are 14,726 high-hazard potential dams in the United States. What that means is—the definition means that if a dam fails, lives are at stake. So the program will prevent loss of lives. The WRDA bill is bipartisan. It will play a critical role in addressing prob-lems faced by communities, States, and our country as a whole. Earlier this week, Senator B
OXER  said that the House Republicans ruined a beautiful bill because some of them ‘‘wanted to flex their muscles.’’ I don’t know about that, but I do agree with her that this is a beautiful bill because it does things that we haven’t had the courage to get done before, so we want to make sure it passes. The House passed the WRDA bill with the drought provisions by a three- fourth vote—360 votes. I can’t think of another time the House has passed something with 360 votes. But that is the popularity of this WRDA bill and all the work that has gone into it. However, there is something I don’t think anyone has heard. This drought provision was drafted by the U.S. De-partment of the Interior and the U.S. Department of Commerce. The savings clause prohibits any Federal agency under any administration from taking any action that would violate any envi-ronmental laws, including the Endan-gered Species Act and biological opin-ions. Don’t just take my word for it; ask Senator F
EINSTEIN . She articulated this very well. People have to realize that this came from the Department of the Interior and the Department of Commerce; it was not just stuck in there by the committee. We have heard claims that these operational provisions would violate environmental laws. Let’s look at the actual text. Under this section 4001, any operations to provide additional water supplies can only be imple-mented if they are consistent with the applicable biological opinions and only if the environmental effects are con-sistent with effects allowed under the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Water Act, and the California Water Quality Control Act. Section 4002 and section 4003 reit-erate the requirement to comply with the smelt biological opinion and the salmon biological opinion. Senator FEINSTEIN also covered that. Finally, section 4012 includes a sav-ings clause—a savings clause written by the U.S. Department of the Interior and the Department of Commerce— that ensures that the entire subtitle must be implemented in accordance with the Endangered Species Act or the smelt and salmon biological opinions. So that is significant. I think that documents well enough that all of these environmental provisions are complied with. How I would rather spend my time on the floor is talking about the positive things in the bill because there is much more to say. Coal ash State permitting is something that has been desired for a long period of time. It is finally al-lowed in this bill. SPCC—that is, spill relief—for our Nation’s small farmers is included thanks to Senator F
ISCHER . And that provision is not just good for her State, it is certainly good for my State of Oklahoma. To say that this violates environmental law and regula-tions is simply not the case. Many Senators have contributed to this piece of legislation, and there is literally crucial infrastructure and ac-complishments in every State con-tained in this bill. Let me just repeat—it is very impor-tant because there has been a lot of discussion about what has happened in Michigan. If the bill is not passed, Flint, MI, gets nothing. I was going to talk about some of the other provisions in the bill, but since there is some concern expressed by one of the Senators from Washington State, I want to mention—just Wash-ington State; I won’t mention anything more about California because Senator F
EINSTEIN has already done that. But in Washington State, for the Skokomish River, Mason County, WA, the bill authorizes $20.26 million to re-move a levy, which has the economic benefit of restoring 40 miles for salmon habitat and for the fishing industry. So the fishing industry—for those con-cerned with the salmon, this is a huge thing for them. For Puget Sound, the bill authorizes $461 million to provide refuge habitat for 3 listed species and 10 threatened species, including 5 species of Pacific salmon. The project is part of the Puget Sound Chinook Salmon Recov-ery Plan. It is in this bill for Wash-ington State. The Columbia River ecosystem res-toration. The bill increases the author-ization ceiling for ecosystem restora-tion studies and projects for the lower Columbia River in Oregon and in Wash-ington State, authorized by section 536 of our WRDA bill that we passed in 2000. Watercraft inspection stations, Co-lumbia River Basin. The bill clarifies that the watercraft inspection stations to protect the Columbia River Basin from invasive species may be located outside the basin if that is necessary to prevent introduction of invasive spe-cies. Again, Washington State. Tribal assistance. This bill author-izes relocation assistance to Indian families displaced due to the construc-tion of the Bonneville Dam and re-quires a study of Indian families dis-placed due to the construction of the John Day Dam and the development of a plan to provide relocation assistance associated with that dam. Additional measures at donor ports and energy transfer ports. This section permanently extends the authority to provide additional funds for donor ports and energy transfer ports. Harbor deepening. The bill aligns the cost share for construction of harbors with the change in WRDA 2014 modi-fying the cost-share for maintenance of harbors—a huge thing, and it is cer-tainly of great benefit for the State of Washington. Implementation guidance. The bill requires the Corps to issue guidance to implement section 2107 of WRDA 2014 relating to maintenance of emerging ports and Great Lakes ports. Columbia River ecosystem restora-tion. The bill increases the authoriza-tion ceiling for ecosystem restorations studies and projects for the lower Co-lumbia River in Oregon and Wash-ington, authorized in section 536 of WRDA 2014, the last WRDA that we passed. Watercraft inspection stations, Co-lumbia River Basin. This bill clarifies that the watercraft inspection stations to protect the Columbia River Basin from invasive species may be located outside of the basin if that is necessary to prevent introduction of invasive spe-cies. The oyster aquacultural study re-quires the GAO to study the different regulatory treatment of oyster hatch-eries across the Corps districts. Everything I have mentioned was in Washington State. I could go State by State, but there certainly isn’t the time. I would remind my colleagues that the next vote that takes place that ev-eryone has been concerned about is going to pass, and it is going to pass to stop us from having to shut down the government. But after that is when we are going to bring up the bill that we have been talking about all day today that the Senator from California was talking about, and it is something that—I know we have only been work-ing on it for about a year, but we have been working on some of the projects in there for as long as 3 years. This is a chance to get it all done. If something happens and we don’t do it, none of the stuff we are talking about is going to take place. Certainly all of the efforts that Senator S
TABENOW , Senator P
ETERS , and I have spoken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.060 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6970 December 9, 2016 
about in Michigan—the problems they are having up there—that is not going to happen; there is no help for Flint, MI. I have no reason to believe it is not going to pass. I believe it is. But I have to stress the significance of this legis-lation. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COAL MINERS BENEFITS  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to support Senators from both parties and in particular West Virginia Senators J
OEMANCHIN  and S
HELLEY CAPITO in their fight to protect health and retirement benefits for over 100,000 American coal miners and their families. Seventy years ago, the Federal Gov-ernment made a simple promise to these union coal miners: America—our country—promised to provide health insurance and retirement benefits to miners who went down in those mines and put their lives at risk to power this great Nation. We recognize that this was dangerous work, but we believed it was essential to our economic growth and the na-tional security of our country, and be-cause of that belief, we promised that if these men would go down into the mines, our country would make sure they have some protection in case of injury, disability, or death. We prom-ised that after a lifetime of back-breaking work, they would have a dig-nified and secure retirement. And we promised that if the worst happened, that their wives, their widows, and their families would still be provided for. When the American Government made this deal with the United Mine Workers of America 70 years ago, coal generated more than 50 percent of our power. Today, coal generates only about 30 percent of our power. Coal prices have plummeted and other sources of energy, like natural gas, have become cheaper and more preva-lent. Automation has also transformed this industry, and there are critical en-vironmental reasons to transition, but make no mistake, these changes have drastically altered the coal industry and have left thousands of coal miners out of work. Every month there are more reports of coal companies filing for bankruptcy, and the layoffs are never far behind. More than 25,000 min-ers have lost their jobs in the last 5 years alone. As a country, we all benefited from the decades of work put in by coal min-ers. Every Member of Congress and ev-erybody we represent back home, we benefited from the work of the coal miners. We made a deal to keep these men in the mines, and now we must honor the commitments we made. Congress is on the verge of turning out the lights and going home for the rest of the year, but 100,000 coal miners face a reckoning. If Congress does not act, more than 16,000 mine workers will lose their health insurance by the end of this month, another 2,500 coal min-ers will lose their coverage by March, by July another 4,000 miners will be without insurance, and on and on and on. This is not right. Losing health insurance is tough for anyone, but for coal miners it is a kill-er—literally. Coal miners face far high-er rates of cardiopulmonary disease, cancer, black lung, and other injuries than most other Americans. They need their insurance. Our coal miners knew what they were getting into. They knew they were taking on work that was dan-gerous and risky to their health. That is why they fought so hard for guaran-teed health coverage, and that is why they gave up a portion of their pay-check every month, month after month, year after year, to pay for it. It is not just health care coverage. About 90,000 miners and their families will also soon lose their guaranteed monthly pension benefits. These bene-fits aren’t some Cadillac deal. The av-erage monthly benefit for these mine workers is about $586, about $7,000 per year for their retirement. Now, that doesn’t sound like much, and let’s be honest, it isn’t much, but for thousands and thousands of retired miners and their families, Social Security and these $586 payments are all they have to show for a lifetime of going into those mines. We cannot back out on our promises. There is bipartisan legislation writ-ten and ready to go to fix this problem. It would not add a dime to the deficit. We could pass it right now, today. The Senators who serve here come from every corner of the country. We don’t agree on everything, and I certainly don’t agree on every issue with Senator M
ANCHIN or Senator C APITO , but I don’t understand how anyone can disagree with this. A lot has changed in 70 years, but the fact that America makes good on its promises to American workers is one thing that should never change—and we should not leave here until this Congress makes good on America’s 70- year-old promise to our miners. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
ATTORNEY GENERAL NOMINATION  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, before the 114th Congress adjourns, I want to take a moment to put on the record my strong support for the nomination of our distinguished colleague, Senator J
EFFSESSIONS of Alabama, to be the next Attorney General of the United States. Thomas Jefferson once wrote, ‘‘The most sacred of the duties of a govern-ment [is] to do equal and impartial jus-tice to all its citizens.’’ This idea was also reflected in the Justice Department’s own mission statement, which I have here: ‘‘To en-force the law and defend the interests of the United States according to the law; to ensure public safety against threats foreign and domestic; to pro-vide federal leadership in preventing and controlling crime; to seek just punishment for those guilty of unlaw-ful behavior; and to ensure fair and im-partial administration for all Ameri-cans.’’ No one believes in this mission more and no one understands better what this mission requires than JEFF SES-
SIONS . Unfortunately, the Justice Depart-ment has lost its way, becoming par-tial rather than impartial, political rather than independent, and partisan rather than objective. The Justice De-partment has enabled the executive branch’s campaign to exceed its con-stitutional power while ignoring Congress’s proper and legitimate role of oversight. This decline undermines the Amer-ican people’s trust in government. Ac-cording to the Pew Research Center, public trust in government is at a record low. Fewer than one in five say they trust government most of the time. Reversing this decline and re-building this trust will require getting back to the essential ingredients in the Justice Department’s mission and its mission statement. Senator S
ESSIONS will bring more hands-on experience to the leadership of the Justice Department than any of the 83 men and women who have occu-pied the post of Attorney General. He was a Federal prosecutor for 18 years, 12 of them as U.S. attorney. He has also served on the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee since he was first elected two decades ago. In other words, he has been directly involved in both the de-velopment and implementation of criminal justice policy, a combination unmatched by any Attorney General since the office was created in 1789. His service in this body and on the com-mittee of jurisdiction over the Depart-ment is especially important because a respectful and productive working rela-tionship with Congress has never been more important. No one knows more what the Office of Attorney General requires than those who have actually served in that office. I have a letter signed by 10 former Attorneys General and Deputy Attorneys General who have served over the past three decades. I ask unanimous consent that this letter be printed in the R
ECORD following my re-marks. Some of these officials knew and worked with Senator S
ESSIONS when he was U.S. attorney, others since he joined us in the Senate. They all share the same conclusion: ‘‘All of us know him as a person of honesty and integ-rity, who has held himself to the high-est ethical standards throughout his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.061 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6971 December 9, 2016 
career, and is guided always by a deep and abiding sense of duty to this na-tion and its founding charter.’’ I think that is really true, and these 10 former leaders have said so. I ask my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle whether there is a better description of the kind of person we want in public of-fice, generally, and leading the Justice Department, in particular. Let me say a word about Senator S
ESSIONS ’ work on the Judiciary Com-mittee. I worked with him in that ca-pacity for 20 years, including when he served as the ranking member. We have worked together on dozens of bills to improve forensic science services for law enforcement, to promote commu-nity policing, help child abuse victims, and prevent gun crimes. He is a serious legislator who knows that prosecutors and law enforcement need common-sense workable policies from law-makers to help keep communities safe and protect the rights of all Ameri-cans. I also received a letter from a bipar-tisan group of eight men and women who have served as Director of Na-tional Drug Control Policy or as Ad-ministrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration. I ask unanimous con-sent that this letter appear in the R
ECORD following leader remarks. Here is what they say: 
His distinguished career as a prosecutor . . . earned him a reputation as a tough, de-termined professional who has been dedi-cated to the appropriate enforcement of the rule of law. His exemplary record of service in law enforcement demonstrates that he is the protector of civil rights and defender of crime victims. 
Again, I ask my colleagues whether there is a better description of the kind of leader America needs at the Justice Department. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, Who would have a better informed, more comprehensive knowledge of Senator S
ESSIONS ’ fitness to be Attorney General? Before I conclude, I want to address what is already shaping up to be an ugly propaganda offensive against this fine nominee—this fine person—whom I know very well and have served with virtually every day for the last 20 years. I have served in this body under both Republican and Democratic Presidents, under both Republican and Democratic Senate leadership. I have actively par-ticipated in the confirmation process for 12 Attorneys General, in both par-ties, and have seen before the tactics that are already being used in a vain attempt to undermine this nomination. The critics do not challenge Senator S
ESSIONS ’ qualifications. They can’t. Instead, they traffic in rumor, innu-endo, and—I hate to say it—smear tac-tics. They take a comment here, a deci-sion there from years or even decades in the past and use their media allies to transform these bits and pieces into what appear to be full-fledged stories— and they are not. They are counting on people not knowing the whole story. Such a cynical, dishonest campaign. It is not about the truth or fairly evalu-ating the President-elect’s nominee to be Attorney General. And it is des-picable, and it is beneath the dignity of us here in the U.S. Senate. To be honest, these tactics are really not about Senator SESSIONS at all but about the power of those who are using these tactics. They have to mark their territory, flex their muscle, and show that they are still a force to be reck-oned with. If such things as fairness, integrity, truth, and decency have to be sacrificed in that power struggle, so be it, I guess. I hope my colleagues will not only re-sist these tactics but that they will join me in exposing and rejecting them. They degrade the Senate, they mislead our fellow citizens, and they corrode our democracy. Let’s stay fo-cused on our role here, which is to evaluate whether the President-elect’s nominee is qualified. We know that he is. We know that he is superbly quali-fied and that he will be a strong and principled leader for the Justice De-partment. In closing, I want to quote from that letter by bipartisan drug policy offi-cials. They say this about Senator S
ES-
SIONS : 
His prudent and responsible approach is ex-actly what the Department of Justice needs to enforce the law, restore confidence in the United States’ justice system, and keep the American people safe. We support the nomi-nation of Senator Sessions to be Attorney General of the United States, and we ask you to do the same. 
I could not have said it better. I have known J
EFFfor 20 years now, every year he served here, and I knew him before then. I remember the des-picable way he was treated many years ago as a nominee. I don’t want to see that repeated, and I personally will hold accountable anybody who tries to repeat it. J
EFF SESSIONS is a wonderful man. He is a good person. Even though any one of us here may have some disagree-ments from time to time with policy— we do with each other—that doesn’t denigrate and shouldn’t denigrate him as a decent, honorable man who de-serves to be Attorney General of the United States. I am very proud of Donald Trump doing this, giving this really fine man an opportunity to serve, and I believe he will straighten out the Department of Justice to be the Department that it should be, that we all want it to be. I think it will elevate the Department of Justice in ways that it hasn’t been in many of the years I have been in the U.S. Senate. That is not to denigrate everybody who has served in the De-partment of Justice. But let’s face it— it has been used politically by both parties at times for no good reason. I will tell you this: J
EFFSESSIONS will make sure that will not be the case, and that will be a pleasant change from what we have had in the past in some administrations, Republican and Democratic. I have a strong knowledge of his background. I have a strong feeling about JEFF as a person. I believe he will be a great Attorney General, and I hope our colleagues on both sides of the aisle treat him with respect as he goes through this nomination process. If we do, we will be able to walk out of here at least with some sense of pride that we did what was right. I think you will find, as J
EFFserves— and he is going to serve—as he serves in the Justice Department, he will do a very good job, and it will be a job done for everybody in America and not just Republicans and not just for the new administration that is coming in, but for everybody. That is what I think you will find from J
EFFSESSIONS . He is a tough guy. He has the ability to stand up. He has the ability do what is right, and he will do it. I have great con-fidence in J
EFF. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DECEMBER 5, 2016. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Dirk-sen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. D
IANNE G. F EINSTEIN , U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Dirk-sen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER FEINSTEIN : The signers of this letter served in the Department of Justice in the positions listed next to their names and, in connection with that service, came to know Senator Jeff Sessions through his oversight of the Department as a member of the Judi-ciary Committee or in his work as U.S. At-torney for the Southern District of Alabama. All of us worked with him; several of us tes-tified before him during his service on your Committee. All of us know him as a person of honesty and integrity, who has held him-self to the highest ethical standards throughout his career, and is guided always by a deep and abiding sense of duty to this nation and its founding charter. Based on our collective and extensive expe-rience, we also know him to be a person of unwavering dedication to the mission of the Department—to assure that our country is governed by the fair and even-handed rule of law. For example, Senator Sessions has been intimately involved in assuring that even as the Department combats the scourge of ille-gal drugs, the penalties imposed on defend-ants do not unfairly impact minority com-munities. He has worked diligently to em-power the Department to do its part in de-fending the nation against those intent on destroying our way of life, adhering through-out to bedrock legal principles and common sense. Senator Sessions’ career as a federal pros-ecutor also has provided him with the nec-essary institutional knowledge, expertise, and deep familiarity with the issues that confront the Department, insofar as it is an army in the field. As the United States At-torney for the Southern District of Alabama, Senator Sessions worked hard to protect vul-nerable victims, particularly children. He carried this commitment to the Senate, where he championed legislation to provide the Department with the tools it needs to fight online child pornography, to close rogue internet pharmacies that have contrib-uted to the opioid epidemic, and to end sex-ual assault in prison. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.063 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6972 December 9, 2016 
Senator Sessions’ career, both as a United States Attorney and as a Senator, well pre-pares him for the role of Attorney General. In sum, Senator Sessions is superbly quali-fied by temperament, intellect, and experi-ence, to serve as this nation’s chief law en-forcement officer. We urge his swift con-firmation. Sincerely, John D. Ashcroft, Attorney General, 2001–2005; Alberto R. Gonzales, Attorney General, 2005–2007; Michael B. Mukasey, Attorney General, 2007–2009; Mark R. Filip, Deputy Attorney General, 2008–2009; Paul J. McNulty, Deputy Attorney Gen-eral, 2006–2007; Larry D. Thompson, Deputy Attorney General, 2001–2003; William P. Barr, Attorney General, 1991– 1993, Deputy Attorney General, 1990– 1991; Edwin Meese, III, Attorney General, 1985– 1988; Craig S. Morford, Deputy Attorney Gen-eral, 2007–2008 (Acting); George J. Terwilliger III, Deputy Attor-ney General, 1991–1993. 
DECEMBER 5, 2016. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Minority Leader, 115th Congress, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK LEAHY , Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Re Nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions to be Attorney General of the United States. D
EARLEADER MCCONNELL , SENATOR SCHU-
MER, C HAIRMAN GRASSLEY , AND RANKING  M
EMBER LEAHY : As you prepare for the up-coming Congress and for the impending nominations of President-elect Trump’s Cab-inet members, we write to express our strong support for the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions to be Attorney General of the United States. Senator Sessions’ exemplary record during his long career in public serv-ice speaks to the leadership and sober dedi-cation he would bring to the Department of Justice. As former government officials involved in the development and administration of the United States’ drug policies, we understand the importance of a Department of Justice that is committed to the just and fair en-forcement of the laws that Congress has written. In this respect, Senator Sessions would make an excellent Attorney General. His distinguished career as a prosecutor, in-cluding as the Reagan-appointed U.S. Attor-ney for the Southern District of Alabama and as Attorney General of Alabama, earned him a reputation as a tough, determined pro-fessional who has been dedicated to the ap-propriate enforcement of the rule of law. His exemplary record of service in law enforce-ment demonstrates that he is a protector of civil rights and defender of crime victims. Senator Sessions brought that same dedi-cation to his service in the Senate. As an ex-ample of his fair-minded approach to tough law enforcement, he, together with Senator Durbin, passed the bipartisan Fair Sen-tencing Act, which increased fairness in sen-tencing by reducing the disparity in crack cocaine and powder cocaine sentences, while also strengthening penalties for serious drug traffickers. His prudent and responsible ap-proach is exactly what the Department of Justice needs to enforce the law, restore con-fidence in the United States’ justice system, and keep the American people safe. We sup-port the nomination of Senator Sessions to be Attorney General of the United States, and we ask you to do the same. Respectfully, William J. Bennett, Director of National Drug Control Policy, March 1989–De-cember 1990; Robert Martinez, Director of National Drug Control Policy, March 1991–Janu-ary 1993; John P. Walters, Director of National Drug Control Policy, December 2001– January 2009; Peter B. Bensinger, Administrator, Drug Enforcement Administration, February 1976–July 1981; John C. Lawn, Administrator, Drug En-forcement Administration, July 1985– March 1990; Robert C. Bonner, Administrator, Drug Enforcement Administration, August 1990–October 1993; Karen Tandy, Administrator, Drug En-forcement Administration, July 2003– November 2007; Michele Leonhart, Administrator, Drug Enforcement Administration, Decem-ber 2010–May 2015. 114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as we ap-proach the end of the 114th Congress, many here in the Senate have been taking the time to reflect on what we have been able to accomplish and, more importantly, plan for what we hope to be able to accomplish in the near future. This was a tumultuous 2 years for our country, punctuated by a fierce and unpredictable political campaign and results that were, to some, beyond surprising. Before the start of the 114th Con-gress, the Senate had for years been languishing in partisan gridlock. Very little got done around here, and far too often, we spent our time fighting out the political sound bites of the day and voting on whatever partisan issue hap-pened to be grabbing headlines. While some of my friends on the other side of the aisle have attempted to argue otherwise, the Senate has been remarkably productive during the 114th Congress. And that goes far be-yond just a list of bills we have been available to pass. The Senate has changed in ways that numbers really can’t quantify. For example, commit-tees in the Senate have functioned more effectively than in the past. The debates on the Senate floor have been fuller and fairer than they were before. And, of course, the focus has returned to actually governing rather than sim-ply adding more noise to the political echo chamber. Most astonishingly, given the tone of the country’s overall political dis-course, most of the Senate’s accom-plishments have been bipartisan. As I have noted on a number of occasions, the Senate Finance Committee, which I have been privileged to chair for the past 2 years, has, to a historic degree, been able to ride this new wave of bi-partisan productivity. In this Congress, our committee has reported 41 separate bills, all of them bipartisan. These in-clude priorities throughout the com-mittee’s jurisdiction. That is remark-able. These weren’t itty-bitty bills; they were very important bills. That is remarkable. Honestly, I wish I could take credit for it, but the success we have enjoyed has been due to the work of every Senator on our committee. To a member, they have all been com-mitted to working on a bipartisan basis to move ideas forward and produce re-sults. We haven’t agreed on everything, that is for sure, but we found enough common ground that the desire to work together has remained strong through this Congress. I want to thank the members of our Finance Committee for their efforts this year. They have all been exem-plary colleagues to work with. Even when we disagreed, we have had good discussions. Today, I want to particularly thank Senator COATS , who is, as we know, re-tiring at the end of this Congress. We will miss the senior Senator from Indi-ana’s stalwart presence on the Finance Committee and in the Senate as a whole. I wish him the best of luck. I want to take a moment to delve deeper into the substance of our com-mittee’s work. Let me give the high-lights or else we will be here all day. Early on in the 114th Congress, the Senate and the House passed legisla-tion produced in the Finance Com-mittee to repeal and replace the bro-ken Medicare sustainable growth rate, or SGR, formula, putting an end to the ritual of cobbling together the SGR patches at the last minute behind closed doors. This bill was one of the most significant bipartisan reforms en-acted in the history of the Medicare Program. We made once-in-a-generation ad-vancements in U.S. trade policy by re-newing and updating trade promotion authority, reauthorizing vital trade preferences programs, and modernizing our trade enforcement and customs laws. All of these are important strides in the ongoing effort to promote U.S. leadership in the world marketplace in order to benefit our workers, our farm-ers, our ranchers, and inventors, just to mention a few. We acted decisively to prevent ben-efit cuts in Social Security disability insurance and put into place the most significant improvements to the Social Security system since the 1980s. We came up with enough offsets to extend the life of the highway trust fund for 5 years, something nobody thought we could do. That is the long-est such extension in nearly two dec-ades. This was accomplished despite the cries of naysayers who said it couldn’t be done without a massive tax increase. We did not increase taxes. We also made serious strides to ad-vance a number of the committee’s long-term improvements, including im-provements to Medicare benefits for patients dealing with chronic illnesses, overdue reforms to our Nation’s foster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.016 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6973 December 9, 2016 
care system, a series of measures to protect taxpayers from the ever-in-creasing threat of identity theft and tax refund fraud, and legislation to help more Americans save adequately for retirement. Not all of these measures have yet been signed into law, but in every case we have been able to move the ball sig-nificantly forward. In addition, we continued the Fi-nance Committee’s long tradition of conducting robust and exhaustive over-sight. Our bipartisan report on the IRS targeting scandal, which we released last year, was a great example. In addition, the committee’s work to shine a light on the inept implementa-tion of ObamaCare was second to none. And, of course, we made real progress in the ongoing effort to reform our Na-tion’s Tax Code. I would like to talk about tax reform in a little more detail because that has been the focus of so much of our efforts in this Congress, and that is not likely to change when we gavel in the 115th Congress. Among other things, the members of the Finance Committee produced a number of bipartisan reports outlining the key challenges we face with our Tax Code after working together in the tax reform working groups we estab-lished last year. Also, the Finance Committee, working with our leader-ship here in the Senate and our col-leagues in the House, drafted and fa-cilitated passage of a massive tax bill that made permanent a number of oft- expiring tax provisions, providing real certainty to businesses and job cre-ators and setting the stage for even more significant reforms in the future. That bill also delayed a number of ObamaCare’s burdensome health care taxes. In addition, I have spent much of the 114th Congress hard at work developing a tax reform proposal to better inte-grate the corporate and individual tax systems. Under current law, the United States not only has the highest cor-porate tax rate in the industrialized world, we also subject many of our businesses and the individuals who in-vest in them to multiple levels of tax on what are essentially the same earn-ings. This system results in a number of inequities and economic distortions, including undue burdens on U.S. work-ers and incentives for businesses to fi-nance their operations with debt in-stead of equity. These problems have troubled policy-makers for years, particularly recently as the combined effects of these mis-guided policies have resulted in waves of corporate inversions and foreign takeovers of U.S. companies. This is a serious set of problems. My idea to address this problem was rel-atively simple: Allow corporations to deduct from their taxable earnings any dividend they distribute to share-holders. Currently, our system taxes a business’s earnings once at the com-pany level—at an astronomically high rate, no less—and again when the earn-ings are distributed to shareholders. My proposal has been to eliminate one level of taxation on these distributed earnings and require only a share-holder-level tax on dividends, which is similar to the way debt is treated. Forms of this proposal have been put forward by Treasury Departments and congressional tax writers from both parties in the past. In addition to a dividends-paid deduc-tion, in order to bring more balance to the system and eliminate even more distortions, I have looked for ways to equalize the tax treatment of debt and equity under our system. Those moni-toring the tax world undoubtedly know that I have spent quite a long time working on this proposal, including a number of months going over the num-bers with the Joint Committee on Tax-ation. At this point, I can say that the feedback I have received from JCT on this matter has been very positive. For example, in its preliminary assess-ments, JCT indicated that the proposal would increase economic growth and activity relevant to current law. They found that it would increase wages for U.S. workers through increased produc-tivity. Their analysis also showed that the proposal would increase capital in-vestment and reduce effective tax rates for American businesses. Interestingly, JCT also found that the proposal would alleviate some of the pressures that drive corporate inversions and help prevent erosion of the U.S. tax base overall. It sounds pretty good, and it is true. These concerns—economic growth, wages, and U.S. companies moving off-shore or being acquired by foreign com-panies—have a real-world impact on American workers and employers, and they were at the heart of this year’s campaign debates. Thus far, the feed-back we have received shows that a dividends-paid deduction, combined with equalized tax treatment for debt and equity, would help address these concerns. And according to JCT, all of this could be done without adding to the deficit or shifting more of the over-all tax burden from those with higher incomes to middle and lower income taxpayers. I know the DC tax community has been speculating on this matter for a while now, and I can attest today that the idea of better integrating the cor-porate and individual tax systems through a dividends-paid deduction wouldn’t just work but could actually work very well. Once again, the num-bers we have seen thus far have been quite favorable. I will note that we have heard some concerns from those in the charitable and nonprofit community as well as re-tirement security and stakeholders re-garding the potential impact of equal-izing the treatment of debt and equity. I think my history in the Senate has demonstrated pretty clearly my com-mitment to both charitable giving and retirement security. I want to make clear that my staff and I are prepared to address these kinds of concerns when this takes legislative form. I suppose that for most of the people who have been monitoring our efforts on corporate integration, their biggest question is about timing: When will we try to move this for? After any big election campaign, particularly after the one that was as unpredictable as the one we saw in 2016—although I thought it was predictable, but most people didn’t—it is important to ac-knowledge the realities on the ground. I remain very interested in the con-cept of corporate integration and con-tinue to believe it would have a posi-tive impact on our tax system and our economy overall. Let’s be honest, after this election, the ground has shifted, and while we don’t know how every-thing will play out in the coming months, it is safe to assume that the tax reform discussion is shifting as well. Right now, we are seeing more momentum for comprehensive tax re-form—that is reform that deals with both the individual and business tax systems—than we have seen in a gen-eration or more. If we are going to do right by our economy and the Amer-ican people, we need to think in those comprehensive terms. At the very least, I think it is fair to say that with the changing circumstances, the as-sumptions and parameters that have, for some time now, governed the tax reform debate will have to be modified, if not thrown out entirely. I believe corporate integration can and should be part of the comprehen-sive tax reform discussion that appears to be on the horizon, but given the cur-rent reality, any substantive tax re-form proposal will need to be consid-ered and evaluated in the context of what has quickly become a much broader discussion. Let me be clear: I am not walking away from the idea of corporate integration. On the contrary. I am excited to see how the debate over comprehensive tax reform plays out in the near future and where this concept might fit in that broader discussion. Going forward, we have a real oppor-tunity to make significant, perhaps even fundamental, changes to our en-tire tax system in order to encourage growth, create more jobs, and improve the lives of individuals and families around our country. As the chairman of the Senate’s tax-writing committee, I am very excited for this opportunity, and I am committed to doing all I can to make sure we succeed in this en-deavor and that we do it in a bipartisan way. We are working right now, today, in a bipartisan way to try and resolve some of these problems. I have been meeting with every member of our committee, Democrats and Repub-licans, to see how we can work better together. This discussion about comprehensive tax reform promises to be one of the big-ticket items in the coming Con-gress, and I am excited to be a part of it. In addition to tax reform, the Sen-ate and Senate Finance Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.065 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6974 December 9, 2016 
will have a number of other tasks to perform in the early days of the 115th Congress. For example, early on, I ex-pect that we will finally be able to re-peal ObamaCare and begin a serious process of replacing it with reforms that are more worthy of the American people. We also need to take a serious look at our broken retirement pro-grams like Medicare, Medicaid, and So-cial Security. I am sure that simply be-cause I am the Republican who just happened to mention the name of those programs out loud, I will be scorned and labeled a ‘‘privatizer’’ in certain policy and advocacy corners after this speech. However, reductive labels aside, no one seriously disputes the fact that these programs are in fiscal trouble. We need to work toward find-ing solutions, and they need to be bi-partisan solutions. I have put forward a number of po-tential solutions to help address the coming entitlement crisis. I hope pol-icymakers in Congress, the incoming administration, and elsewhere will take a look at my ideas. I think they will find they are ideas that will help this country out of the problems and the mess it is in. On top of tax and health care, we need to consider the future of U.S. trade policy. While this was a matter of some fierce discussion during the campaign, I remain committed to doing all I can to ensure that the United States continues to lead the world in trade, including the establish-ment of high-standard free-trade agree-ments. All of these matters, and many oth-ers as well, fall within the jurisdiction of the Senate Finance Committee. For-tunately, I am joined on the committee with a host of capable U.S. Senators from both parties. It is a great com-mittee with great members, and I feel very privileged to be able to lead that committee. Over the past 2 years, we have dem-onstrated that by working together, we can overcome some pretty long odds and accomplish a number of difficult tasks. I hope that continues this next year. I am going to do all I can to make sure it does. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
MINE WORKER HEALTH CARE BENEFITS AND  
PENSIONS  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise and stand here today fighting for the working men and women each one of us—whether Democrat or Republican, whether you belong to a 100–Member Senate or a 435–Member House—use in our commercials. Every one of us goes out and basically tries to attract work-ing men and women to vote for us be-cause we say: We are coming here to fight for you. We are going to stand up for you. No one is going to walk over you, push you aside, or forget about you. Every one of us has done those ads. Our 435 House Members had to go home yesterday because it was time for Christmas. I remind all of my col-leagues that we have basically missed 100 working days this year. Do you think we have been overworked? I don’t think so, but I guess my House Members did because they had to go home. They never even gave us the courtesy of giving us a 3-day extension. We can work through these problems. We have said that, but that is not even there. I guess they think they want to jam us. We are here fighting for the United Mine Workers pension, people who have given this country everything they had. These are people who said: I will go down there and get the energy you need to win the war and the energy you need to build this country. I have the industrial might—the middle class. We will build it. We are the middle class. That is who they are. That is all they said. We made commitments to them. For the first 50 years after they ener-gized this country and won two world wars, they got nothing. My grandfather was one of them. They got nothing—no pension, no health care. They got noth-ing. In 1946, they finally got something. We have been fighting ever since then just to keep it, and now all of a sudden it is going to evaporate and nobody will say a word because we have to go home for Christmas. We have to go home for vacation. Well, we have been working, fighting, and really clawing for this. We have it. If it came to the floor, it would pass, and we know that, but we have some friends on the other side—435 over there—who, for some reason, didn’t be-lieve it was of urgency. They said, we are going to give you a 4-month exten-sion on the health care benefits that 16,000 miners lose December 31. We will give you 4 months, and I guess we are supposed to be happy with that. Well, I am not. I am sorry, but I am not. We fought for the Miners Protection Act. We went through the regular order and we got an 18-to-8 vote out of the Finance Committee at the Senate, and we thought we would be right here hav-ing that vote and showing the people we support them and that hopefully the House would take it up, but that never happened. Where we stand today, right now, is, we are asking what is our pathway for-ward. Well, we have been working and talking, as you are supposed to. We tried to basically negotiate, we tried to find compromise, and we tried to find a pathway forward. It has been hard for me to see a pathway forward right now. I am going to have to oppose this CR and oppose, not only the cloture but the passage of the CR for many rea-sons, and I will give you one example that probably galls me more than any-thing else that we have done here or over in the House. My Republican col-leagues didn’t even know about it. It is not from this side. It came from that side, and what they did was say, not only are we going to add insult to in-jury and only give you 4 months, we will make you pay for it with your own money. We will make you pay for it with money that has been set aside through bankruptcy courts to give re-tirement to miners who worked for companies that declared bankruptcy, went through the bankruptcy court, had money set aside so they would at least have health care for a while. The people we are talking about were sup-posed to have health care until July. Guess what. Because of what we are doing, they lose 3 months. Now, grant you, we have people—16,000—who have health care until December who get 4 months, if you consider that a victory, but how about the couple thousand who were supposed to have it until July are only going to have it now until April? What do you tell them? I am sorry. We fought like the dickens for you, but you lost 3 months. Where I come from that doesn’t fly. I can’t explain that. I really can’t. I am encouraged, to a certain extent. My friend the majority leader, MITCH M
CCONNELL from Kentucky, said he was confident the retirees would not lose benefits next year, including more than 3,000 in his home State of Ken-tucky. I think it is highly unlikely we will take that away, he said. It has been my intention that the miner bene-fits not expire at the end of April next year. I believe him. And he pledged: I am going to work with my colleagues to prevent that. I am ready to go to work. I am not sure if my colleagues on the other side—435 in the House—are as com-mitted. I appreciate the majority lead-er making this commitment. I do ap-preciate that very much. Unfortu-nately, it is not enough because I don’t have the commitment from the other side, and I am going to fight for that. For that reason and many more, I am going to be unable to vote for cloture, and I encourage my colleagues not to vote for cloture on this CR. With that, I yield the floor to my friend from Ohio, Senator B
ROWN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio is recognized. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank Senator M
ANCHIN , Senator W ARNER , and Senator C
ASEY , who all represent a lot of these mine workers. Some of them are in the Gallery. We attended a rally with some of them the other night. Some of them we see in Zanes-ville, Cambridge, Southwest Pennsyl-vania, and Southwest Virginia. I thank Senator M
CCASKILL for her work on this. Let’s point out, again, to our col-leagues what happened here. Early this year, the Senate majority leader, the Republican leader from Kentucky, said: Before we do this, you have to come up with a bipartisan bill. We came up with a bipartisan bill. We did exactly what he wanted. We had Senator C
APITO , Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator T OOMEY , and a lot of support on both sides, even people who didn’t sponsor it. That wasn’t enough. Then he moved the goalposts and said: You have to come up with the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.067 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6975 December 9, 2016 
through regular order. We went through regular order in the Finance Committee. Senator W
ARNER , Senator C
ASEY , and I in the Finance Committee called Cecil Roberts, the head of the mine workers, people like Norm Skin-ner from Ohio, Dave Urtest, Dave Dilly, and others came and talked to us. We had testimony. It was brought to a vote and it passed on a bipartisan vote, 18 to 8. Every Democrat voted for it and a handful of Republicans voted for it. We did that, and then the Repub-lican leader moved the goalposts again and said: That is not good enough. You have to do something more. You have to find a way to pay for it. We found a way to pay for it with money out of the abandoned mine fund to pay for this. This legislation would have perma-nently taken care of much pensions and health care. It would have meant that mine workers don’t have to take valuable time and spend money and come to Washington and lobbyists to talk to us, educate us, and do what they do so well in telling their stories. It would have solved that, but now week after week after week has passed. Before the election, people were talk-ing a good game, now they are not talking such a good game, except for my colleagues with me on the floor today fighting for them. So what happens now? The majority leader in the Senate is pointing fingers down this hall, blaming the Speaker of the House, and the Speaker of the House back there is pointing fingers at the majority leader saying: Well, I want to do a year. No, I want to do a year. Well, the fact is, neither of them has offered anything. They could bring this bill up to pass out of the Finance Com-mittee. Senator M
CCONNELL tonight could bring this to the Senate floor. We could pass it. We would get how many votes: 75, 80 votes? We would get at least 70, probably 75 or 80. We would get every single Democrat, and we would get probably close to half of the Republicans. They will not do that. They are too busy pointing fingers back and forth. So I am going to vote no on the con-tinuing resolution because I just don’t think that this is the deal we should get. This 4-month deal where the ma-jority leader said he is helping the min-ers with a 4-month deal—it means that the retired miners and the widows who got a notice in late October, early No-vember that their insurance would run out December 31—if we do this 4-month deal, they are going to get another no-tice in January or February saying it runs out again. Particularly if you are sick, particu-larly if you have a sick husband, can you imagine that you are going to get a notice every 3 or 4 months saying your insurance is going to run out? How do you deal with that? How do you make doctor visits? How do you make appointments? How do you do that? It is just cruel and unusual punishment. Instead, the other night, we saw our colleagues coming to the floor, offering resolutions. There was one honoring Pearl Harbor victims. Senator MANCHIN  and I were on the floor. We were object-ing to all this. Of course, I have been on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee for a decade, and so has Senator M
ANCHIN . Of course we are not objecting to hon-oring Pearl Harbor victims any more than we are objecting to one of the other resolutions that said we feel bad about the people who died in Oakland in that fire; of course we do. But what we were doing and what we will con-tinue to do is fight for those mine workers, both the retirees and the wid-ows. Next year that is what we are going to do. We will get a good vote today in opposition to this because Democrats— people on this side—and a handful of more courageous Republicans will vote no on the continuing resolution. That should send a message to Senator M
CCONNELL on how important it is that come January we vote, not on an-other 4-months and another 4-months, not even voting for a year, but we vote for a permanent fix on pensions and a permanent fix on health care that is paid for out of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund. That needs to be what we do the first of the year. This place is not going to operate very well if the leadership in this body does not stand up and give us a vote on a bill that protects mine worker retir-ees, that protects pensioners and health care, that says that we are going to fix this permanently. They should not have to come here month after month after month to lobby us. This is something we should do. It has been an obligation since Harry Truman. Senator M
CCASKILL is always talking about Harry. Harry Truman in the 1940s, seven decades ago, made this pledge, made this promise. We all want to live up to the promise. Presidents of both parties, Members of Congress in both parties were living up to that promise decade after decade. Now they don’t want to live up to it. It is important that we enforce that come January. I am voting no. I want to send that message. This is just too important to back down from. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, at this time, to put things in perspective, be-cause a lot of people don’t really know—people say: Why do you even use coal anymore? Why do we even need coal? Let me explain to the 300-plus million people living in America today that if you are alive today, for most of your life, over 50 percent of your en-ergy that has been given to you has been delivered to you because of coal. So to put it in perspective, what 12 hours of the day do you not want elec-tricity? What 12 hours of the day do you not want heat, air conditioning— anything? We need to bring attention to the people who have done the work. That is all we have said. They are forgotten he-roes. In West Virginia, we feel like a Vietnam returning veteran. We have done everything our country has asked of us, and now you will not even recog-nize us. You don’t even understand what we have done. Well, that is what we are doing. That is what we are fighting for. At this time I would like to recognize my good friend from Pennsylvania, Senator BOBCASEY , who comes from the tremendous State of Pennsylvania, which has provided an awful lot of en-ergy for many years. Senator C
ASEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from West Vir-ginia for his leadership on this issue, going back not just days and weeks but months and even years. I think we should start with the word ‘‘promise’’ tonight. We have a matter that came before the Senate that Senator B
ROWN  indicated was the subject of a bipar-tisan consensus that went all the way through the Finance Committee, a vote of 18 to 8 earlier this year. The ques-tion before the Senate today and the question before the Senate in 2017 will continue to be: Will the Senate—and I would add will the House of Represent-atives—keep our promise to these coal miners and their families? It is really not more complicated than that. We have to ask ourselves whether we are going to fulfill our promise. Just to give you a sense of what this means to individuals, I have three let-ters in my hand. We have all gotten hundreds of them, if not more, maybe thousands at this point. But I have three letters from three different coun-ties from which I will read excerpts. The first one is from Johnstown, Cambria County, with a great history of coal mining but also a great history of a diverse economy. This individual wrote—actually two; it is a husband and wife writing to me—saying: ‘‘We are in our late 70s and desperately need our pension and hospitalization.’’ Cambria County, PA, alone has 2,483 pensioners. Just that one county has that many pensioners who happen to be families who had a loved one working in the coal mines. This is one of those families who wrote to me. If you look at the health care issue and you look at it county by county, sometimes the numbers are lower, but it is in the hun-dreds and hundreds in many counties. The next letter is from an individual in Green County. She is writing about her husband, and she says: 
My husband was only retired about 1 year when he found he had cancer. One of the re-liefs that he had while battling cancer was knowing he had his pension and good health benefits. So it was one less worry. 
Green County is a small county in Pennsylvania, in the deep southwest corner, right on the corner next to West Virginia and Ohio. In Green Coun-ty, there are 1,436 pensioners and many depending upon the health care prom-ise that our government made. The third and final letter is from Westmoreland County, from an indi-vidual talking about his time in the coal mines. He said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.068 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6976 December 9, 2016 
My 33 years in the mining industry are tes-timony to the fact that I provided a needed service to my country and my family. 
Then, later in the letter, he goes on to say: 
Now, thousands face an uncertain future. A promise was made and a promise needs to be kept. 
In Westmoreland County, PA, there are 1,067 pensioners. Across our State, just on health care, almost 1,400 Penn-sylvanians are affected by health care. Some of them have cancer. Some of them have a family where the husband is dead and the wife has cancer. Some face the kind of health care cir-cumstances that none of us can iden-tify with because everyone who works—every Member of the Senate and the House—we have health care. We don’t have to worry about next week or next month or next year. So the question becomes, as I said, whether we are going to keep our promise to these coal miners. There is no excuse for putting in the continuing resolution as pathetic a proposal as we got this year in this continuing resolu-tion, which basically says: You have health care for just 4 months, and you are supposed to be satisfied with that. In fact, I think there was one Member of the Senate who said, ‘‘They should be satisfied with that’’. They should not be satisfied; coal miners and their families, retired coal miners, nor should anyone here be sat-isfied with that. Also at the same time, the proposal—or I should say now the policy in the continuing resolution— has no fix at all for pensions, so these counties, just three counties, that have thousands and thousands of pensioners who earned that pension, who gave up a lot to get that pension, who gave up a lot to get those health benefits— there is no fix in the CR, the con-tinuing resolution, for the pension problem. We are supposed to be satisfied, and they are supposed be satisfied, I guess, according to the line of argument from some on the other side—not all, but some who said they should be satisfied. Well, here is a news bulletin. We are not satisfied. These miners and their families are not satisfied. We are not going to stop fighting on this. We feel so strongly about this issue that many of us, including me, will vote no on clo-ture on the CR, will vote no on the CR itself because we feel that strongly. As the presiding officer knows, usu-ally when a continuing resolution comes before the Senate, it gets over-whelming support. This is how out-rageous this is for these families. So you are going to see a number of people on the floor here do something they probably have never done before. They are going to register a protest in a very direct and formal way, to say no to the CR tonight. I know some people will be offended by that. I understand why they might be across the country. But we have to ask ourselves: If it is going to take a no on this resolution to get people to focus on what these miners were prom-ised and what this government has not done to meet that promise, then we are willing to go to that length and to that extent to vote no tonight because we have to keep a focus on this. We are not going away, so for anyone who thinks that tonight is the end of a chapter, we are just getting warmed up. We are just getting warmed up on this because this is a promise we must keep. These miners and their families kept their promise. The miners kept their promise to their family that they would work and work in the depths and the darkness of the coal mines, put their lives at risk every single day. That is the first promise they made— and that they would bring a home a paycheck so their family could eat every night and afford a mortgage. So they kept their promise to their fam-ily. Many of them kept their promise to their country. They fought in World War II, they fought in Korea, they fought in Vietnam and beyond, in every war we have had in the modern era. So they kept their promise. It is not too difficult for a Senator or for a House Member to keep their promise. All they have got to do is put their hand up and say aye. I agree with keeping the promise to these miners. It is about time that our government, in-cluding everyone here, kept our prom-ise to these coal miners. So we are doing something that many of us have never done. We are going to vote no on a resolution to-night to make it very clear that we don’t agree with what is in this con-tinuing resolution with regard to these miners, No. 1, and the other massage we are sending is that we are coming back. We are going to come back week after week, month after month, if not longer, to make sure that they get their health care and they get their pensions. So, this kind of solidarity, at least on this side of this aisle, will remain in-tact. It will remain fortified and strong going forward. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, as you can see, I am extremely proud. I can’t tell you how proud I am of my col-leagues. This is why we are here. We are standing for the people who work every day to provide a better living for themselves and to provide a better country for all of us to live in. With that, I am happy to be here with my good friend, my colleague, and my dear friend from Virginia, Senator M
ARKWARNER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, first of all, let me echo everything that Sen-ator C
ASEY and Senator B ROWN have said. But the reason we are here, be-yond the justness of our cause, is the fact that the Senator from West Vir-ginia, Mr. M
ANCHIN , has been abso-lutely relentless. He has not let this issue die. For 18 months, he has gone through every hoop that has been put in front of him. It is getting through. The fact is, Senator MANCHIN today re-introduced the Miners Protection Act. In 1 day—in 1 day—he picked up 49 co-sponsors of this legislation. We are going to have a vote later to-night. Let me be clear. I am going to join in that protest. But as somebody who has one heck of a lot of Federal employees, we are not going to shut down the government on this issue. We should not even be thinking about choices where we have to trade off Fed-eral workers and miners. That is not what we are sent here to do. But we are going to make sure that this fight does not end tonight. The 49 who signed up today will be in the 50s and in the 60s when we come back. Let me just close. I know we have other colleagues, and others have com-mented. I went through these talking points at other times, but you have to hear the voices of people who are being affected. I got a letter recently from Sharon. Sharon is from a coal miner’s family in Dickenson County, not too far from West Virginia and Kentucky. Sharon wrote: 
My father is a retired coal miner. For many years he worked at Clinchfield Coal Company’s Moss #2 mine. He gave them his time, sweat, hard work, and even his health. In return, he expected nothing more than a paycheck and a little pension, and health care when he retired. He was promised that. He deserves that. 
She went on to talk about the fact that her dad grew up in the Depression: 
He grew up in a time when you took care of your things—and he believed that you paid for what you got. He’s paid dearly for his pension and his health care. Please don’t let that get taken from him. He’s also a man who takes care of his money. 
She said he was always tight with his money: 
He planned for years for his retirement. He saved and budgeted so that he would have enough with his pension to be able to sup-port himself through the rest of his years and not be a burden on anyone. 
Sharon, her coal miner family, and countless thousands of other Ameri-cans are waiting for us to honor our commitments. We are taking a step forward tonight. But echoing what other Senators have said before, this issue will not go away until these min-ers get their justice. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The lead-er, the Senator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Senator M
CCASKILL  and my colleagues are waiting. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that immediately after Senator M
CCASKILL speaks, I be given 3 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. MANCHIN. We have Senator C
OONS , Senator M CCASKILL , Senator S
CHUMER , and I am going to say some-thing, and we will be finished. Mr. SCHUMER. Is that OK? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.070 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6977 December 9, 2016 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that after M
CCASKILL , C OONS ; after C
OONS , S CHUMER ; and then M
ANCHIN . It won’t take more than 10 to 12 total minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. I thank the indul-gence of my colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, let me make very clear that when we get these benefits for these coal miners and their widows—when that happens, not if but when—make sure no one mis-understands who is responsible for it. I want the coal miners in West Vir-ginia to know one thing, there is only one person who will be responsible for those coal miners getting their benefits and their promises being kept, and that will be Senator J
OEMANCHIN . It won’t be President Donald Trump. It won’t be the minority leader or the majority leader. It won’t be any of us. There is only one man who is responsible for these coal miners getting what they are due, and that is Senator J
OE M
ANCHIN , who has fought. I am so sick of J
OEMANCHIN talking to me about the coal miners. You can’t see him in the hall when he doesn’t grab you about the coal miners. He feels this in his heart. These are the people he grew up with. These are the people he knows and loves, and he is the one who is going to make this hap-pen. The other one I am fighting for to-night is a guy named Harry. Every time I open my desk, I get goosebumps because I look in my desk, and I see the name Harry Truman scrawled in my desk. If you are a student of history and you know anything about Harry Tru-man, you know that he was very plainspoken. He got himself in a lot of trouble with his mouth, but, boy, did he believe in keeping his word. When he was President of the United States—Louie Roberts told me, a man from Willard, MO, who has been in the mines and is a third-generation coal miner and has been in the mines all of his life: 
John L. Lewis and Harry Truman—Presi-dent of the United States of America signed an agreement guaranteeing lifetime medical benefits to UMWA miners. So Mr. & Mrs. Senators & Congressmen would you please keep your Promise. 
Would you please keep your promise. Continuing: 
We only ask that the Promise be kept that was made in that 1948 agreement. 
I am also fighting for the word of Harry Truman. This debate reminds me of a fight we had in Congress a couple of years ago. Back then, Congress had approved a $1 trillion spending pack-age. Oh, man, the elves get busy around Christmastime. Omnibus pack-age is code for ‘‘you have no idea what is in it.’’ We looked and poked around in it, and we found they were cutting the pensions of thousands of Missourians who drove trucks for a living. We are talking about the people who take a shower after work, not before work. This place is really good at taking care of the people who take a shower before work. We are really good at that. When they repeal the ACA, they are going to give a big old tax cut to the 1 percent again. We are going to do that. We are going to throw 22 million off of health care. But boy oh boy, we are going to take care of the 1 percent, but we are not so good at taking care of the people who take a shower after work. That bill allowed those truckdrivers to have their pensions cut. I was the only Member of the Missouri congres-sional delegation to vote against it. By the way, in the same bill, we gave a car and driver to a Member of Congress. Really? A car and a driver to a Member of Congress and in the same bill we cut the Teamsters’ pensions. Now I hear the House Members had to go home. I don’t know how many people who shower after work get 3 weeks off for Christmas, but I am pretty sure there are none. I am pretty sure they are try-ing to figure out if they have to cover a shift on Christmas. I am pretty sure they have to figure out how they can make ends meet so they can buy Christmas presents. But we have to get out of here so we can have 3 weeks off for Christmas—what nerve, doing that to these coal miners and taking 3 weeks off for Christmas. On the way out the door, they did an-other Christmas present. They made sure that the Russian oligarchs get to sell us steel. They took out the ‘‘Buy American’’ provision in the WRDA bill. I think the guy who just won the Presi-dency said we are going to buy Amer-ican. Then what did the Republicans in the House do? They take out the ‘‘Buy American’’ provision less than a week after he said it on his victory tour in Cincinnati. I just know this. I am proud to vote no on the CR. Frankly, I am probably going to vote no on WRDA because of what they did with ‘‘Buy American.’’ I am sick of the games being played. We are going to fight. We are going to fight until we get this done. We may not win this fight tonight, but I guar-antee you we are going to win it. As Harry Truman would say—and I am quoting; so I can’t get in trouble: ‘‘Come hell or high water, we are going to get it done.’’ I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. GRASSLEY ). The Senator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I know there is not a lot of coal mining in Delaware, but we sure do have a lot of friends in Delaware. I yield to my dear friend, Senator C
HRIS COONS . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise in support and recognition of the tireless efforts of my friend and colleague from West Virginia. We were sworn in the same day, moments apart, and we were sworn in by a man who held this seat and this desk for 36 years. Born in Scranton, PA, JOEBIDEN, our Vice President, served Delaware for 36 years. I know J
OEand I know one of the things he tirelessly fought for, and that was the working men and women of this country—just like my colleague from Missouri, who speaks from the desk long held by Harry Truman and in whose honor she spoke about our keep-ing our promises that date back to a law passed by this Congress and signed into law by Harry Truman that prom-ised pensions and health care to 100,000 coal miners. I too have to keep faith with my predecessor in this seat, J
OEBIDEN, and our neighboring State to the north, Pennsylvania; my great and good friend, J
OEMANCHIN from West Vir-ginia; H
EIDI HEITKAMP of North Da-kota; and many others who have spo-ken before me and simply say: I under-stand that large, complicated appro-priations bills never include every item that every Member wants. I wanted a provision that would help a manufac-turing company in my State, the 48 ITC provision. The investment tax credit would help keep a company that manufactures fuel cells in my State alive and running. I heard an awful lot of talk in this campaign about saving American manufacturing, about doing the things we need to do to help work-ing people and to help manufacturing. I am as upset as my colleagues about the ‘‘Buy American’’ provision being taken out of WRDA and our not keeping our word to buy American steel. But what all of us are here to stand for in common today is to keep our promises to the coal miners and their widows, for whom the Senator from West Virginia has fought so tirelessly. When told that is a provision that can’t be taken care of, that can’t be done, when they were sent back 30 yards, they dropped back and said: Fine, we will work on the Miners Pro-tection Act. They held hearings. They held a markup. They found an offset. They moved through regular order, and they found bipartisan support. It got out of the Finance Committee by 18 to 8. Yet here we stand, likely on the very last night of this Congress, with a promised path being blocked and a 4- month extension, rather than a perma-nent solution—seemingly, the only op-tion before us—and 16,000 miners and their families would lose health care this December 31 without a longer ex-tension. Four months—that is all we can do—4 months, when these good Senators worked so hard and so tire-lessly to find a bipartisan solution that doesn’t take money out of the Federal checkbook, that has a proper path? This is a sad day when we can’t keep our promises to the widows of coal miners, to folks who did dirty, dan-gerous, and difficult work for decades, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.072 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6978 December 9, 2016 
to the people who built this country. I think in some ways this is just a sym-bol of so many other ways we have failed to keep faith with those who have worked in this Nation for us. I have not ever voted against a CR. I have always taken, I believe, the re-sponsible path of making sure that we are able to craft a responsible com-promise and get it done. But as an appropriator in this year and in this instance, it was upsetting to me that we were kept completely out of the process of crafting and final-izing this appropriations bill. So without hesitation, I will vote against it tonight because it is impor-tant we send a signal that we and many other Senators are determined to fix this problem. As the Senator from West Virginia said, there are no coal mines in my State, but there are many retired coal miners and their widows. I have joined as a cosponsor of the Miners Protection Act, and I am deter-mined to support the great and good work of my friend, the Senator from West Virginia, my friend the Senator from North Dakota, and so many oth-ers—from my neighboring State of Pennsylvania, Senator C
ASEY , and from States across the country and re-gions that are determined to do right by the people who built this Nation for us. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, as you can see, there is a lot of passion here and a lot of passion for people who have hard-working men and women in their State also. I am so proud to have the incoming leader of our caucus, Sen-ator S
CHUMER from New York, who has been a stalwart on this. He has fought. He has stayed with us every step of the way, and he will continue to lead this fight until we are successful. At this time, I wish to make sure Senator S
CHUMER gets recognized. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Mr. President. First, let me pay tribute to the steadfastness, the strength, and the courage of my friend from West Vir-ginia. As Senator M
CCASKILL said, not a day goes by where he doesn’t remind us of the coal miners and their plight. Last night, through his good offices, I met with some of these miners. They are not from my State either. I looked into their eyes—hard-work-ing people, many of them tired, not from the day, not from lobbying here— that is easy work for them—but from working in those mines for so many years. They are America. They are the people we owe so much to. Having met them, seen them, and looked into their eyes, I understood why my dear friend from West Virginia and my friends from Virginia, Mis-souri, Pennsylvania, and North Dakota have such passion for these people. It is real. I hope some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle in the next month will be visited by these very miners. Look them in the eye, and tell them you can’t help them? I bet you can’t. I bet you can’t. We are here to live up to a promise made by Harry Truman, backed up by legislation in this body over and over. I don’t care what your ideology is. I don’t care if you are a big government cutter. This is not the place to cut. This is the place to recognize hard work, a promise, and America, because we say to people: If you work hard, we are going to be there for you. But to-night, we are barely there for you. We are not cutting it off, but we are not doing right by the people I met last night through the auspices of the Sen-ator from West Virginia, fine people who got to my heart. So we believe deeply in preserving these benefits, and we also believe in not hurting other people to preserve these benefits. So we are not going to shut down the government; we are going to keep it open. That would hurt millions of Americans as well and take millions out of the economy. So we are going to provide the votes to make sure we don’t shut down, although there are so many people who want to stand with the miners. We never in-tended to shut down the government, but our intention is very real—first, to highlight the seriousness of this issue, not to let people think this is going to go away because they didn’t live up to their promise. And I think we have made our point. I don’t care if people don’t like being here on a Friday night. I know people have other obligations, but those obligations are nothing com-pared to our obligation to these min-ers. Leader MCCONNELL spoke to Senator M
ANCHIN a few hours ago and said that he would work hard to make the health benefits for miners not lapse in April. That is good, but it is not close to enough. It is a step forward, but we will go further, hopefully with the majority leader but even without. We need the finance bill, the Miners Protection Act, a bill that would move money from the Abandoned Mine Lands Reclamation Fund into a fund to pay for the pension and health care benefits of tens of thousands of coal miners and retirees, not for 3 months, not for 1 year, but permanently. To show how serious we are, every single Democrat within just a few hours co-sponsored the miners amendment to the CR, and we did get two Republicans to join us. Welcome. We need more of you. Stand up for the miners. The fact that we have gotten so many people on this legislation bodes well for our chances of getting some-thing significant done in the new year. So when we return in January, we are going to be looking at every way we can to make sure the miners receive full funding. The sooner the better, the stronger the proposal the better, and we will do it. Finally, I want to call on President- elect Trump to support our proposal. The President-elect ran on a campaign with explicit, direct promises to coal country, and he won coal country big; that is for sure. He held big rallies with coal workers. He said he would protect them. He talked to the miners and got to know them. So we are simply asking our President-elect to communicate to the people in his party to get on board and live up to the promise we made to miners many years—decades—ago. Tonight, we are putting our Repub-lican colleagues on notice. We will not rest until we do right by our miners. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues so much. I am so sorry. The patience you have had is ap-preciated very much. It is an issue, as my colleagues can tell, we are very committed to and very passionate about. So thank you. We are just wrap-ping up. I just want to say one thing to put it in perspective. I get to go around to schools in my State and really around the country talking to schoolkids, and I try to give a little history lesson. I always tell them: If you see a person in uniform, if your parent or your grand-parent or your aunt or uncle, someone served in the military, I want you to say thank you because I want you to realize they were willing to take a bul-let for you. They were willing to sac-rifice their life for the freedom they are providing for you. Don’t ever take it for granted. What we failed to teach in that his-tory lesson is to say thank you to a coal miner who has provided the en-ergy to allow us to be the superpower, the greatest country on Earth. Say thank you. Thank you to every one of my coal miners for what you do and what you have done for me in my little town of fewer than 500 people. I can’t tell you how much I appreciate the life I have had because of the sacrifices and hard work you have given for me. With that, I want to say to all of my colleagues, God bless each and every one of you. Thank you for the fight. This is the right fight for the right rea-son for the right people. We will finish very quickly now with Senator J
EFFMERKLEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, we heard a tremendous amount over the course of the past year about fighting for workers and working families. What does it take for a working family to thrive? It takes a good living-wage job, access to public education for chil-dren, and for those children to be able to pursue their dreams with affordable opportunities and education. It also takes health care. Take a profession like coal mining— far more dangerous than virtually any profession Members of the Senate have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.073 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6979 December 9, 2016 
had in the course of their lives. Health care is an essential element both for the miner and for their families. So how is it that we are at this point right now in which many miners don’t know if they are going to have health care beyond April of next year? They don’t know whether this body is going to stand with them. They are in limbo. They are in a state of anxiety, and it is absolutely unfair. So we know, as tonight progresses, we are in a situation where we have an extension through April, but, as J
OE M
ANCHIN has said in his fight leading this effort to necessarily secure health care for coal miners and as our incom-ing Democratic leader has said, this is going to be something that we are going to stand together for in this com-ing year. We are going to make sure their health care does not expire in April. This benefit has been earned through hard labor, over difficult years, in ways few of us can imagine, and we are going to stand with the coal miners in getting that benefit. I am proud to sponsor this bill and stand with J
OEMANCHIN and C HUCK  S
CHUMER tonight. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I wanted to indicate how disappointed I am in the provisions affecting miners that have been included in the continuing resolution. While I will vote for final passage of the CR because we must not shut government down, the provisions contained are really an outrage. Sixteen thousand three hundred re-tirees have received a notice that their health benefits will expire at the end of this year. What the majority has in-cluded in the CR is to extend those benefits through April. But what was left unsaid is that now, 22,500 retirees will lose health coverage at the end of April 2017, and 4,000 will lose them 3 months earlier than they otherwise would have. This plan also calls for taking money from a fund created to provide health coverage for retired miners whose employers went bank-rupt. It ends the responsibility of the coal companies to contribute to this fund. This is a terrible giveaway cloaked in the provisions providing short-term health care for miners and their widows. The promise that we will deal with those consequences later rings hollow when we have a permanent bipartisan solution before us, the Miners Protec-tion Act. I have supported this and pre-vious versions of this fix since I began my service in the Senate 3 years ago. The majority leader wanted the bill to go through regular order before any floor consideration. Well, this legisla-tion passed the Senate Finance Com-mittee 18–8 and is paid for. I don’t understand why we didn’t take a floor vote on this bill months ago. It would receive strong bipartisan backing if it could get a floor vote. Many of us talk about helping the working men and women of our coun-try, protecting seniors and respecting the dignity of a lifetime of work. Well, many of our constituents have been hard hit by the downturn in the coal industry. We cannot downplay what coal miners have sacrificed to fuel this Nation for over a hundred years—black Lung disease, physically disabling acci-dents, whole communities built around coal mining have vanished or are suf-fering. We say we want to support working families and protect seniors. We say we want to help Appalachia. I don’t know what we are waiting for. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, a number of us have been waiting for several hours to speak. We understand the con-cerns of our colleagues across the aisle. We have been patiently waiting. I be-lieve they have finished their remarks. I would say that there were a lot of remarks directed across the aisle. There are several of us over here who are in support and voted for the issue of the day here. If only our Republican friends could join us, they said, we wouldn’t be in this situation. Several of us have supported this. Given the circumstances here at the end of the year with making sure we keep funding for government functions and not have it shut down, the agree-ment that has now been reached is a reasonable agreement that obviously will be taken up again in the next Con-gress. I won’t be here. I supported it this year. I know a number of my col-leagues have supported it. Many of us are from coal country and understand the concerns. But the larger issue for us is not to go into another shutdown. I have served in the Senate for many years, and there has been nothing more disruptive that produces more uncer-tainty among businesses and individ-uals and employees throughout this country than the Congress not doing its job and providing funding for them and shutting down the government. Having said that, I ask unanimous consent that following what we have just heard, Senator G
ARDNER have the opportunity to speak, I think for a rel-atively limited time, that I follow him, and I believe Senator S
ULLIVAN also wishes to come to the floor and speak. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, there has been a list that has been worked out for both sides. Many of us have been waiting many hours to deliver our speeches, and I believe what the Sen-ator is proposing modifies that consid-erably. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, I have been on the floor here waiting for 2
1⁄2hours to deliver my speech on WRDA, and I don’t think my colleagues across the aisle have been here for that amount of time. Maybe we should stick to the list that has been worked out on both sides. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, if I could respond to my colleague, many of us have been on the list also, and we also have been waiting hours and hours and hours—patiently waiting. Again, work-ing down through the list was not fol-lowed by the opposition. I am simply saying that what was asked just a few moments ago was not objected to. When Members on the other side of the aisle had their oppor-tunity to speak, we were patiently waiting. They have left the floor. There is no one on their side who has not spo-ken. I don’t see what the problem is. The Senator from Oregon wants to file a list, but no one on the list on the other side is here. We are going to speak for a limited amount of time, and we have been waiting 3 hours to do so. So I am hoping my colleague would allow us to do that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, I believe my colleague makes a persuasive argu-ment. Many did come to the floor to share in that important dialogue re-garding extending health care for our miners, and given that, I take the Sen-ator’s point, and I look forward to speaking later. Mr. COATS. I thank my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Oregon for his accommodation in allowing us to speak, and I thank the Senator from Indiana, whom we will miss in the next Congress. The Senator from Indiana has been a great example for those of us who are new to the Senate in terms of his representation and statesman-ship, and I hope and wish the Senator from Indiana nothing but the best for his future. TRIBUTE TO ALAN LEE FOUTZ  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise to honor the retirement and life and work of my dear friend Alan Lee Foutz. Alan has been a part of my congres-sional staff for 6 years, representing the eastern planes of Colorado, first in Sterling and now in my hometown of Yuma, CO. His devotion to Coloradans is nothing short of inspiring, and his accomplishments in the field of agri-culture and food production are a true testament to his agricultural acumen. But beyond that, it is his passion for serving others, his ability to find the positive in any situation, and his gen-uine demeanor that make me grateful and honored to call Alan a true friend. Born on December 29, 1946, and raised in Akron, CO, Alan developed a pench-ant for agriculture. He was raised on his family farm, where they grew wheat and hay and raised turkeys, hogs, and a dairy herd. In 1968, Alan graduated from my alma mater, Colorado State Univer-sity, and earned a master’s degree in agronomy in 1970. Alan went on to earn his Ph.D. in agronomy and plant genet-ics on several innovative projects, such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.075 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6980 December 9, 2016 
as mapping out the barley genome. He then pursued and followed his passion to California Polytechnic State Uni-versity at San Luis Obispo, where he accepted a job as an associate professor of crops. From there, he was able to impart his passion and expertise to his students, thereby cultivating the next generation of food producers for our Nation. Without a doubt, it was Alan’s endur-ing spirit and overall amiability that made him the perfect fit to inspire young minds, but it was his love of Col-orado that drew him back to his home State and his roots. After 9 years in California, Alan returned home and put his academic credentials to the test by partnering with his dad, Lyle, to oper-ate a 10,000-acre family farm. But even that wasn’t enough to satisfy Alan’s in-satiable appetite to advance Colorado agriculture. He became heavily in-volved in the Colorado Farm Bureau and in the year 2000 was elected presi-dent of both the Colorado Farm Bureau and the Colorado Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance Company. From there, his commitment to uphold and ensure Colorado’s traditional farming and ranching values was fortified, guaran-teeing a lasting impact on the agri-culture community. But Alan’s service was not confined to the borders of Colorado, nor to the shorelines of America. He dutifully served on the American Farm Bureau Federation Board for 6 years and made multiple trips overseas to help further U.S. agricultural markets and exports to other nations. Indeed, with this im-pressive record, it is easy to see how lucky I was to have such an accom-plished staffer join my team. Over the years, while he was em-ployed in my office, Alan demonstrated his tireless work ethic and commit-ment to Colorado agriculture. He played an influential role in ensuring that farmers and ranchers in the Re-publican River Basin who chose to con-serve their land were being properly compensated by the USDA. Likewise, throughout the 2014 farm bill negotia-tions, Alan used his lifelong knowledge of agriculture policy to ensure that ag-riculture stakeholders across the State were being properly represented. And through the casework he does in my of-fice, he has touched so many lives— likely more than he realizes. He has helped families navigate the adoption process to take home a child without a home. He has assisted countless vet-erans with getting the benefit they de-serve and so much more. These are not just cases to Alan; these acts change people’s lives, and he does them with humility and because he has a heart that is geared toward the service of others. Nonetheless, after all of his suc-cesses, after all of his degrees, and after all of his accomplishments in and out of my congressional office, it is Alan’s devotion and absolute love for his family and his church that is most inspiring. He married his wife Val in 1966 and raised two children, Paula and Greg. When Al is not working on behalf of Colorado, he and Val enjoy spending time spoiling their grandchildren. According to Alan, the driving force that propels his ambition and un-equivocal success in life is his family. That is the true mark of an honorable man. He wakes up every Sunday morning and drives almost 2 hours to serve as the only pastor at Kimball Pres-byterian Church in Kimball, NE—basi-cally 100 miles one way from his home-town—a small church that relies on his commitment to their community each and every week, a trip he makes for fu-nerals, for weddings, for home visita-tions, but Alan doesn’t just keep his commitment to his faith within walls of his church, he brings it with him ev-erywhere he goes—whether it is by lending an ear to a young staffer in need of advice or making hospital vis-its to those in need. Alan is a man that exemplifies true virtue and a devotion to service. Few people can honestly say they have made a long-lasting and meaning-ful impact on society. Alan is one of those. Thank you for your passionate zeal, Alan, you bring to our team day in and day out. Thank you for your dedication to Colorado’s farmers and ranchers, and thank you for providing me an op-portunity to learn from you and to help move our great State forward. God bless the Foutz family. I hope your good will, passion, and enduring spirit will continue to flourish. 
HONORING COLORADO STATE PATROL TROOPER  
CODY DONAHUE  
Mr. President, I rise to honor the leg-acy of Colorado State Patrol Trooper Cody Donahue. On November 25, 2016, Cody pulled his vehicle over to the side of I–25 in Colo-rado to investigate and assist with a car accident. Cody was struck by an oncoming vehicle and tragically killed. Cody gave his life while nobly per-forming his duties as a Colorado State Patrol Trooper, and he—like all who walk the thin blue line—dedicated his life to protecting and serving his com-munity. Cody was an 11-year veteran of the Colorado State Patrol, a loving hus-band, devoted father, and a wonderful son and brother. He grew up in Grand Forks, ND, and attended the Univer-sity of North Dakota, during which time he married the love of his life, Velma, and eventually moved to Den-ver, where they gave birth to two beau-tiful girls, Maya and Leila. Since his passing, it is evident, through the numerous stories shared by families and friends, that Cody was always quick to put others before him-self. So it comes as no surprise that Cody joined the State Patrol. His cour-age, reliability, and selflessness made him a perfect fit for a unit dedicated to the safety of Coloradans. It is well known within the Colorado State Troopers’ family that the badge represents distinct values that each trooper must possess: character, integ-rity, and honor are to name a few. Cody was, true to form, an embodiment of each one of these values. Character. Cody was a hard-working and equitable man. His fellow troopers were quick to point out that Cody would always treat each person he met fairly and with great respect and dig-nity. A true testament to his genuine character. Integrity. Those closest to Cody knew him as a man of profound hon-esty who possessed a natural aspiration to lead and serve others. According to a tribute, Cody ‘‘was so honest that he once ticketed his wife!’’ Honor. Cody was a genuine teamplayer, and would show up to work every day ready to serve, ensur-ing that his team was never a man down. Indeed, Cody’s core values as a State Trooper extended beyond the depart-ment. He was known as a loving hus-band and caring father whose adoration for his family knew no bounds. He placed his family on a pedestal and strived to be the best father and hus-band that he could be. As we celebrate the holiday spirit with family and friends, we must never forget the tireless efforts undertaken by Cody and all the courageous men and women in blue to uphold the law. Many of these brave officers do not have the luxury to spend holidays with family and friends. Instead, they an-swer the call to duty. They ensure the safety of those we love most. They are the force that watches over us. So, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. A hero is defined as someone who is ‘‘admired for his or her courage, out-standing achievements, and noble qualities.’’ Through his work and time spent with family and friends, Cody embodied each and every one of these characteristics. So although Cody is gone, his memory will live on. Char-acter, integrity, and honor, these were Cody’s core values—values we must strive to emulate, values that will make Colorado and this world a better place. 
HONORING DEPUTY DEREK GEER  
Mr. President, when I was preparing this speech, I noticed there was a Christmas card on my desk today. I have it right here with me. It says, ‘‘Merry Christmas.’’ Inside it says: ‘‘Wishing you all the beauty and joy of this peaceful Christmas season,’’ and there was a note in it from David and Sandra Geer. Earlier this year, Derek Geer, their son—a law enforcement of-ficial—was also killed. So while we pay tribute to Cody today, we pay tribute to Derek and so many others who feel like they have been targeted, feel alone, who must know we care for them, must know we love them, and must know we keep them in our prayers, day in and day out. May it not just be this holiday season but every day that they stand on that thin blue line. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.076 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6981 December 9, 2016 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, as my time in the Senate winds down, I find myself reflecting on many of the rea-sons I decided to return to the U.S. Senate. Without a doubt, one of the main fac-tors for my return was the sky-rocketing Federal debt and the harm Washington’s excessive spending will have on future generations, including my children and 10 grandchildren. The day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10.6 trillion. We are now closing in on $20 trillion. Clearly, this cannot be sustainable without extraordinarily negative con-sequences for the future. That debt clock continues to tick along, and we continue to roll into more and more debt as we spend more and more on government programs than the revenue coming in to pay for them. So when I returned to the Senate in 2011, I sought out opportunities to ad-dress this ticking timebomb. I worked with my colleagues, both Republicans and across the aisle with Democrats, on efforts to restrain Federal spending and stabilize our Nation’s finances. There were a number of efforts made. We are all familiar with Simpson- Bowles, a bipartisan effort that trag-ically did not succeed and was not ac-cepted by the President. The Com-mittee of 6—the Gang of 6, the so- called Gang of 6, three Democrats, three Republicans, seriously, fastidi-ously worked to try to put together a formula to put us on a path to fiscal re-sponsibility. Then there was the super-committee, and there were outside groups led by both Republicans and Democrats. Ultimately, we hoped we were final-izing the efforts when the President, through his own initiative across the aisle, brought several of us into his venue and talked about how we could work together. I was part of that ef-fort. Ultimately, eight of us, spending a considerable amount of time with the President’s top people and the Presi-dent himself, tried to find a solution or at least a step forward in the right di-rection. I am sorry to say that also did not succeed in the end, when even some of the President’s own budget initia-tives he had proposed were rejected by him later as part of a package. When it became clear to me that major reform efforts could not be en-acted while the administration occu-pied the White House, I launched a new initiative which I called the ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I decided that each week when the Senate was in session, I would speak about documented and certified examples by nonpartisan agencies—those we turn to, to give us the numbers, those inspectors general who have investigated the situation and made recommendations, the Gov-ernment Accountability Office—and all the material that is provided to us, not on a partisan basis but simply the numbers, just the facts in terms of how taxpayers’ money is being spent. Today marks the 55th and final ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ speech. It may be fittingly so on what looks to be the last day of this session and my last day serving in the United States Senate. It is a little bit of walking down memory lane in terms of talking about the ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ and the var-ious items we have proposed. It has been everything from the serious to the ridiculous, which grabs people’s atten-tion: Look, I can understand maybe this particular situation where we overspent, but, come on, clearly, sure-ly, we weren’t using taxpayer dollars for something as ridiculous or embar-rassing as that. I will mention a few of my favorite examples here that we have talked about. Fraudulent double-dipping in Social Security disability insurance and un-employment insurance benefits to the tune of $5.7 billion that was spent through basic fraud by those who were submitting applications for and receiv-ing payments for both. Look, if you can work but are thrown out of work, unemployment insurance is available to you. If you are disabled and can’t work, Social Security Disability pay-ments are made to you, but you can’t collect both, and people were collecting both, to the tune of $5.7 billion. Fraud in the Food Stamp Program. People were fraudulently receiving up to a total of 3 billion documented dol-lars in that program. Department of Agriculture payments to dead people resulted in over $27 mil-lion of payments. These are the things that were pre-sented. We were talking about several hundreds of millions of dollars and even billions of dollars. Something that grabbed the most attention was a study by a National Institutes of Health which was issued in which 18 New Zealand white rabbits received four 30-minute massages a day. The study was conducted at Ohio State University and designed to figure out whether massages can help recovery times after strenuous exercise. I raised the question: Did we need to bring over 18 white New Zealand rab-bits? I don’t know what the cost was, but I think we probably could have found some rabbits in the United States at much less cost. Nevertheless, the study went forward, and, guess what. The results were that after four massages a day after strenuous exer-cise, they felt better than if they didn’t get the massages. I wanted to apply for that process there, but I learned they euthanized the rabbits after the study was done. So I thought, well, it is a good thing I didn’t join that effort. Nevertheless, I was thinking, couldn’t they just ask the Ohio State football team after a practice: Hey, guys, we are going to divide you in two categories. This category over here is not going to get massages after our strenuous practice sessions and this half is going to get the massages and we will see if the guys who get the massages feel better than the guys who didn’t. I think they would have saved the taxpayers a considerable amount of money. I don’t see why the National Institutes of Health can come to the conclusion that a grant request for massaging rabbits is a good use of tax-payer money. That is just 4 out of the 54 I have talked about. That is my walk down memory lane, but the total amount of the waste identified through these 54 examples adds up to more than $350 bil-lion. We are down here arguing now about payments on a program, and we are talking about—well, we can’t fund this, we can’t fund that, that is an essential program, the Defense Department needs more money, the National Insti-tutes of Health needs more money for cancer research, but we don’t have any more money to give them. Why not take actions to stop this waste, fraud, and abuse or, better yet, why not, not ask the taxpayer for this money in the first place? Why should the taxpayer be sending money to Washington to see that the accomplish-ment is waste, fraud, or abuse? I am pleased to note we have actually had some success in addressing some of this wasteful spending highlighted in these speeches. Last year, the Congress approved legislation that will finally— finally—phase out the so-called tem-porary tax credit for wind energy—a credit that was supposed to expire over 20 years ago. We were promised that this is a study to get it started and see if it works to get enough wind energy at a cost that the public could afford and see this as a way of providing al-ternative energy, but, boy, once some-thing is on the books, it gets reauthor-ized and reauthorized over and over. And for 20 years it is: Oh, we just need it 1 more year. We just need it one more time. On and on it goes. Finally—finally—we have seen action taken by the Congress to complete this phaseout program, which will essen-tially save taxpayers billions of dollars and reduce the government’s involve-ment in picking winners and losers through tax policy. Congress also approved a measure I introduced to improve compliance in higher education tax benefits. By sim-ply adding language to require proof of eligibility for certain tuition tax cred-its, we saved taxpayers over half a bil-lion dollars in improper payments. Recent Defense authorization bills have included provisions to reform the defense contracting process, which will help cut down on billions of waste. Of course, more work is still needed in this area, as a recent report identified as much as $125 billion in wasteful spending at the Department of Defense. I am a strong proponent of a strong na-tional defense, but when we find that well over $100 billion has been misspent, we are compromising our na-tional security, and we are not giving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.078 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6982 December 9, 2016 
our soldiers, sailors, marines, Coast Guard, and others all the resources they need to provide for our national security the way it needs to be pro-vided for. Today I am here for my 55th and final ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I want to talk about relatively modest—it is amazing you can say this. Only here in this Chamber, only in Washington is $48 million called ‘‘modest’’ because we talk in billions and trillions. Anyway, $48 million in Medicaid funding for drugs to treat hair loss—not hair loss for therapeutic reasons, not hair loss as a result of cancer treatments, but for cosmetic purposes. Medicaid is pay-ing out $48 million to provide for meas-ures that will help reduce hair loss. I want to stress that Medicaid is part of our Nation’s safety net, to help those in need. That is all the more rea-son we have to ensure that Medicaid is run effectively and efficiently to have the financial resources to help low-in-come families gain access to medical care. This also means we have to pro-tect Medicaid by ensuring that its fi-nances are not used for medically un-necessary services. There are certain medical services that all State Medicaid plans are man-dated to provide, and then there are a number of additional services that are optional for States to cover. One of these services includes drugs to treat cosmetic hair loss. This is not hair loss due to an underlying medical issue, as I mentioned; this is hair loss that just happens, often as we age. The treat-ments paid by Medicaid are for cos-metic purposes only. I think all of us would love to have a full head of hair, and I speak as one who falls in that category. As I look around the Senate Chamber, I see oth-ers who have joined me in watching the hair fall off their head and looking in the mirror and saying: How many hairs did I lose last night, and when is this going to end? Losing your hair is not always fun, but I promise you, as someone who has been through all of this—and you are not alone—soon enough you will sim-ply accept the fact that while you won’t make the finals in the 50 Most Beautiful People in America, life will go on. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, the Federal Government could save $48 million over 10 years by not paying for this cos-metic hair loss treatment. While this may seem like a small amount of money compared to our nearly $20 tril-lion national debt, it is yet another ex-ample of unnecessary use of hard- earned taxpayer dollars. Fortunately, the Senate recently passed legislation that included a pro-vision to end the Federal reimburse-ment for cosmetic hair loss, and that bill, fortunately, is on the way to the President for signature into law. By bringing attention to some of these issues, we have been able to take legis-lative action to try to address and keep unnecessary spending off the charts. To conclude, while today marks the end of the ‘‘Waste of the Week,’’ I want to implore my colleagues in the House and Senate to keep going, to keep fighting to stop wasteful spending. I also want to acknowledge that my staff over the period of time, at dif-ferent times, as they were working on this project, provided to me the exam-ples, and they dug in and did their re-search so that I could come to the floor to make these points and hopefully, hopefully save the taxpayer hard- earned dollars that shouldn’t have been sent to Washington in the first place but were not used wisely and effi-ciently when they came here. I particu-larly want to thank the following members of my staff: Paige Hanson, Ansley Rhyne, Aaron Smith, Amy Timmerman, Kristine Michalson, Matt Lahr, and Viraj Mirani. Our former Governor, my friend Mitch Daniels—former Governor of In-diana and the current president of Pur-due University—famously said: ‘‘You’d be amazed at how much government you’ll never miss.’’ Indiana has set the example with significant cuts and re-forms in spending to take our State from a deficit to a $2.4 billion surplus. There were significant cuts in many agencies through the growing of bu-reaucracy that took place, and we have yet to find what parts of government we miss. There are so many programs and so many ridiculous things that the gov-ernment funds—like rabbit massages and cosmetic hair loss treatment—that most Americans don’t even know about and have never heard of, and while I no longer will be here, I am hopeful that the next President and the next Con-gress will work in tandem to achieve these goals. They could use my 55 ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ examples as a starting point, and they can continue because we have just scratched the sur-face. Today, I would like to add $48 million to our total. And just in this cycle of the Senate alone, we have come up with a grand total of $351,635,239,536— money that can be used for a better purpose. With that, my final words addressed to my colleagues in this extraordinary experience I have been privileged to enjoy, I, for the last time, yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who seeks recognition? Mr. COATS. Mr. President, under the unanimous consent, Senator S
ULLIVAN  was up. I notice the leader is on the floor, and I am sure he would yield to the leader for his leadership purposes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, let me give everyone the state of play. First, I will be offering a consent re-quest to set the continuing resolution votes at 10 o’clock. Having said that, I ask unanimous consent that not withstanding the pro-visions of rule XXII, at 10 p.m., the Senate vote on the cloture motion with respect to the House message to ac-company H.R. 2028. I further ask that if cloture is invoked, all time postcloture be considered expired and Senator MCCAINor his designee be recognized to offer a budget point of order, and that if the point of order is raised, the motion to waive be considered made and the Senate vote on the motion to waive without any intervening action or debate. I further ask that if the mo-tion to waive is agreed to, the motion to concur with further amendment then be withdrawn and the Senate vote on the motion to concur in the House amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, let me explain before my colleague, the Democratic leader, addresses the mat-ter. What this does is set up votes in connection with the CR at 10 p.m., but then I want everybody to understand that if we can’t get an agreement to move the WRDA votes up to that series of votes, they will occur 3 hours later, at 1 a.m. Failure to consent to includ-ing WRDA will only delay the Senate until 1 a.m. in the morning. Let me go over that again. At the moment, I understand there is an ob-jection to adding the WRDA votes to the stack that we just agreed to. So without consent, we will be here an-other 3 hours or so, voting at 1 a.m. Ev-erybody should understand we are going to finish all of these votes to-night, and that is the schedule for the rest of the evening. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, we have now three hours until 10 o’clock. I hope that during that period of time, people will do whatever they need to do to make sure they get anything they want in, whatever they are trying to get. The reason I say that is that we are going to continue, as the leader has in-dicated, working on a way to get out of here tonight. If not, we will get out of here tomorrow. I hope that—if someone has something they want to talk to me about, I will be happy to carry that message to anyone, including the Re-publican leader, but I think right now we have 3 hours to sit around, stand around, and talk about this and find out if there is anything more that can be done. I hope that at 10 o’clock, we will be in a position to let everybody know if we are going to have a vote before 1 o’clock in the morning because these votes will take at least an hour, the three votes that are scheduled, so that means 11 o’clock. By waiting around, you are delaying things by a couple of hours at a fairly late time at night. I think by now everyone has a pretty good idea of how they are going to vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, my col-leagues have been very gracious and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.079 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6983 December 9, 2016 
have gotten a little bit out of the queue, so I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to address the body for 5 minutes; following me, Senator S
UL-
LIVAN will address the Senate for 10 minutes; and following him, Senator C
OONS will address the Senate for 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WRDA  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise to voice my opposition to the Water Infra-structure Improvement for the Nation Act. In my view, Senator B
OXER and Senator I
NHOFE have done a lot of good, bipartisan work on this legislation. In-frastructure is hugely important to our country. I constantly say you cannot have a big-league quality of life with a little-league infrastructure, and this legislation in particular has some very important provisions that I and Sen-ator M
ERKLEY have worked on for our home State. It includes assistance to help build homes for displaced Native American families, it provides funding to help restore fish and wildlife habitat in our rivers, and it particularly in-cludes assistance for small ports in Or-egon and across the country. The fact is that small ports provide crucial access to commercial and recre-ation fishing. They are home to ocean science and research vessels. In our part of the world, they are the gateway to the global economy. Year after year, these ports have faced uncertain funding that threatens good-paying jobs. I worked with other Members to make sure the WRDA bill includes stable, permanent funding— over $100 million annually—for small ports in Oregon and across the Nation. I highlight this to say what this leg-islation does for a number of crucial areas—to the economy and our quality of life. Senator B
OXER and Senator I
NHOFE have done very good work, but my big concern is about the rider that was added on California drought, which threatens the west coast fishing indus-try and has put every single good pro-vision in this legislation at risk. Water issues have never been easy, and I want to compliment my col-league from California for her hard and long work to get a deal on drought that addresses California’s serious and ongo-ing issues. Oregon is no stranger to water challenges, but there has to be a collaborative, stakeholder-driven proc-ess, and this rider is not a product of the kind of compromise you get with a true collaborative effort. In effect, an entire west coast industry feels left out of the discussions. Fisheries and hard- working families in coastal commu-nities that depend on a healthy stock of salmon stand to lose the most, and these stakeholders have told us they have had no meaningful seat at the table. The rider is not just about water and agriculture in California; it threatens the health and sustainability of the salmon fishing industry up and down the Pacific coast. The drought provi-sion, in my view, also threatens to un-dermine bedrock environmental laws, such as the Endangered Species Act, and it certainly would create the pros-pect of the new administration having power of its own volition to override critical environmental protections. I and my Pacific Northwest Senate colleagues have heard from concerned west coast fishery groups and coastal businesses for days. My constituents are concerned about the implication of pumping water out of the Bay Delta to support a small number—a handful—of very large agribusinesses in California. They believe that hard-working men and women in the fishing industry and coastal businesses are going to pick up the tab for this break for the large ag-ribusinesses. That is not the way to manage water in the West for the long term. The water infrastructure bill, which is meant to provide support for water- dependent communities, doesn’t do a whole lot of good if there are no fish in the ocean. If there are no fish in the ocean and no fishing families or fishing boats in the ports and no fish at the dinner table, the water infrastructure bill is going to be something that we regret. I believe we will regret it in this form. At a time when coastal communities need as much help as they can get, this provision threatens to do the opposite. As long as the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act in-cludes this California drought rider, I think it would be a mistake to go for-ward. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. GARDNER ). The Senator from Alaska is recognized. 
REMEMBERING MIKE KELLY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, yes-terday my State lost a great leader in a tragic plane crash. Mike Kelly was a former State legislator from Fair-banks. He was the patriarch of a won-derful interior Alaska family. He leaves behind a long and accomplished legacy of public service, leadership to his community, to the interior, and to our great State, which he loved so much. He also leaves behind a wonder-ful wife, siblings, and children who have also played and continue to play such an important role in Alaska. He will be sorely missed by all of us. Rest in peace, Mike. 
SUPPORTING ALASKA ’S LAW ENFORCEMENT COM -
MUNITY AND HONORING SERGEANT ALLEN  
BRANDT  
Mr. President, the holidays are near-ly upon us. It is the time when Christ-mas cheer descends on us, when hearts open and we reach out to our neigh-bors, friends, and even strangers, par-ticularly those who are in need. Today I want to reach out to the po-lice force in Alaska. These men and women put their lives on the line every day for us, and anyone who has seen the news in these past few months knows it has been a particularly dif-ficult time for police officers all across the country, who have faced unprece-dented levels of violence—deliberate attacks. Across our great Nation, our men and women who get up every morning with the mission to protect us are having their lives taken. As of De-cember 5, there have been 134 fatalities against police officers this year alone. That is up by more than 20 percent from last year. Let’s face it—they are being targeted. Some of them are even being ambushed. Just a few minutes ago, right here on the floor, the Presiding Officer gave some very eloquent remarks about what has happened in Colorado. These kinds of acts are happening all across the country—Iowa, Massachusetts, Texas, California, Colorado, Pennsyl-vania, Georgia, and unfortunately more than once in recent weeks in my home State of Alaska. One brave Anchorage police officer, Arn Salao, was a victim of a cowardly ambush in Alaska, but thankfully he survived. The incident resulted in the arrest and the killing of an accused murderer who has now been accused of killing five others in Anchorage. Unfortunately, another officer in-volved in a shooting in Alaska—this time in Fairbanks—wasn’t so fortu-nate. On the morning of October 16, Sergeant Allen Brandt, an 11-year vet-eran of the Fairbanks Police Depart-ment, responded to reports of shots being fired. After pulling his vehicle over to question a suspect, Sergeant Brandt was shot five times. After being treated for several days, Sergeant Brandt was expected to survive. He even came to testify in a remarkable act of courage in front of the Fair-banks City Council on October 21. His testimony was riveting, but in a dev-astating turn of events on October 28, just a few days later, Alaskans learned that Sergeant Brandt had succumbed to the complications related to his in-juries in recovery. The hopes of our en-tire State were crushed upon hearing that this brave, young public servant had passed away. Alaskans from every corner of our State held vigils and con-tinue to mourn his loss. There was a memorial service in Fairbanks attended by thousands. I happened to attend that with my fel-low Alaskans. It was one of the most moving services I have ever attended. At the memorial service, Sergeant Brandt’s testimony from just a few days earlier in front of the Fairbanks City Council was played. There, he was speaking to all of us on these impor-tant issues. It was so powerful and so moving to see this young man so articulately speak about issues that don’t just impact Fairbanks, AK, or Alaska, but the whole country. Sergeant Brandt left behind his wife Natasha and their four young children under the age of 8. I have talked about his testimony that he gave in Fairbanks that was played at his memorial service, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.081 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6984 December 9, 2016 
was so powerful. Only a few days ear-lier, he had been shot. He gave his tes-timony, and then unfortunately he passed away. I wish to read several ex-cerpts from his testimony because I think it reflects not only the impor-tance of this issue, but it shows this young man speaking on something that impacts the whole country. Here is the testimony he gave at the Fairbanks City Council. There was thunderous applause, of course, when he walked in—a man who had been shot five times just a few days earlier. He stated: 
I am humbled by the honor, and I’m no ex-ception to the rule. We have many fine offi-cers that are far greater and have done bet-ter things than I have. I do appreciate the community’s support and I know sometimes it’s hard for officers to see whether or not the city supports us, but I’ve always said that by-and-large, the city does support its police officers. And you know we’re never going to have the support of the criminals . . . and to tell you the truth, they don’t have my support either. However, I do sup-port their constitutional rights and their free exercise of them. 
He continued: 
I’ve seen the hand of the Lord in my situa-tion. Can you believe I was shot five times through the legs and I walked into this room. There’s a bullet, it’s almost healed up, but right here over my heart where my vest certainly saved my life there. I appreciate the support of the community, the Fairbanks Police Department, the An-chorage Police Department, the Alaska State Troopers, and other officers. But our officers do a very hard job, and they need your support. Unfortunately, when an officer gets shot or something bad happens, it’s just human nature—we don’t think about things that we need until something bad happens. I don’t blame anyone for that. But, you know, think about our officers. I’ve worked for the city for 12 years, probably ten of those years I worked weekends when my friends are off. I work at night and sleep during the day. I don’t sleep with my wife. And the other offi-cers, too. I was never called a racist until I put the uniform on. You know, once you put a police uniform on, you’re a racist. I can’t ever let my guard down, not at Fred Myer and not at my house. I travel everywhere armed. Always vigilant. Always watching. And the other officers over there, they’re the same way. So, we need your support. Not just when bad things happen. But the officers over there do a hard job. And most of the time it’s thankless. And we’ve really appre-ciated the outpouring of support that’s comes from this. 
He concluded his testimony. He called out to one of his buddies: 
I think Sergeant Barnett’s here, and I want to thank him. Sergeant Barnett was the first one on the scene, and until he got that tour-niquet on my leg, I didn’t think I was going to survive because I was bleeding a lot. 
But let me leave you with this last story that he told his fellow Fairbanksians: The night I was shot, I had my four kids and my wife on my bed. I read them a story like I always do. After the story, I told them, I think I am going to get shot tonight. Can you imagine saying that to your kids? He continued: And it happened. In the middle of the gun battle, that is all I could think about. He concluded by saying this: Can you imagine telling your kids before you go to work that you are going to get shot? Well, that is what our police officers deal with every day. I am not com-plaining, but I just want you to know what it is like, the life of a police offi-cer. Then he looked at the audience and said: But we appreciate your support. That was his testimony. Only a few days later, he passed away. As I read that testimony again, I am struck by Sergeant Brandt’s extraordinary self-lessness. At the same time community members were applauding his bravery, Sergeant Brandt sought to remind us of the bravery of his brothers and sis-ters in blue, the unsung heroes who face the same dangers he did but with-out public fanfare or an outpouring of support. Having met with first responders all over my great State, I know that Ser-geant Brandt’s extraordinary selfless-ness is not an outlier, and it is not an exception; it is a hallmark of our po-lice force and the fire department. They wake up each morning knowing that today may be the last day they get their kids ready for school, the last day they kiss their spouse goodbye. Today they may be asked to lay down their life to save another. That is a heavy burden. It is a burden that is shared by the spouses and children who have seen too many sleepless nights, praying for the safety of their mom and dad. In conclusion, over the holidays we are all going to come together with family and friends to celebrate the holidays. We are going to remember our troops overseas. But let’s keep in mind the sacrifices being made by our brave officers, as well as their families, who will be on the beat during the holi-days just like our members of the mili-tary, protecting us. On behalf of my fellow Alaskans, I want to express my profound gratitude and thanks to our proud law enforce-ment community for all they do to keep our communities safe. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the continuing resolution that is the business before the Senate. We are here once again today, as we have too often been in the 6 years that I have served here in the Senate, working at the last minute to avoid shutting down our Federal Gov-ernment later tonight. As we have before, to avoid a shut-down we appear likely to pass yet an-other continuing resolution. As an ap-propriator, as someone who is on the committee that is responsible for put-ting together all the provisions that will help keep this government moving forward, it is a real disappointment to me that this continuing resolution fails to address issues of real concern to folks all over this country. Earlier this evening, I joined a num-ber of my colleagues to draw attention to coal miners and their widows and the concerns we have about extending their health care through the adoption of the Miners Protection Act. Although that is an issue that dozens of Senators are concerned about, I wanted to speak tonight about another unacceptable omission in this legislation. This continuing resolution does not include a lesser known but, to me, no less important provision, one that my senior Senator TOMCARPER and I have fought tirelessly for and one that is im-portant to a manufacturing company in my home State of Delaware and doz-ens of companies in dozens of States. Last year, when Congress passed at the end of the year the omnibus spending package, we left on the cutting room floor, through an inadvertent staff error, provisions to extend a series of clean energy tax incentives known as the 48C investment tax credit, or ITC— not all of them, just for a few narrow and defined areas and, in a case that I care most about, for fuel cells. Those incentives have bipartisan support and have already proved successful at cre-ating new technologies and good manu-facturing jobs in this country. We have heard a lot of talk in the last campaign about bearing in and fighting hard to save manufacturing jobs here in the United States. Well, extending the ITC is exactly the chance we had here today—we have had in the past year—to do just that. There are tens of thousands of jobs and hun-dreds, likely thousands, of companies across our country that rely on this ITC. In my home State, Bloom Energy, a company that manufactures in a number of States, has a significant presence. Built on the site of a former Chrysler plant, it was taken down when Chrysler closed its facility. Bloom Energy offers real promise for the hundreds of Delawareans who work there in a cutting-edge clean energy business that was growing. But without the benefit of that section 48 invest-ment tax credit, they are not growing. They may even have to lay people off. In my home State and in States all over this country, that is a concern I wish we had worked together to ad-dress. These are incentives that have been proven to bring good jobs to the United States. If we don’t extend section 48, as I think is very unlikely to happen to-night, tens of thousands of jobs across our country and dozens, at least in my home State, are at risk. All over the country, we have heard in writing from hundreds of companies in 48 different states that support this extension. These companies want to in-vest in the research and development, the scaling up of new clean energy technology. They require long-term certainty and stability. But the exten-sion of those credits has been pushed into next year sometime, after a year in which it was promised over and over this would get addressed. The fault here lies predominately in the other Chamber, in the House, which did not respond to requests from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.082 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6985 December 9, 2016 
the leadership of this Chamber for this to be addressed. Republicans in the House are trying to push this issue, this extension, into a tax reform pack-age planned for next year. But tax re-form has been on the agenda here for year after year after year, and these credits expire this year, December 31. With countless jobs at stake across the country, punting this to next year after a year in which it failed to be brought up and addressed has real world implications in my State and States across the country. So, after mistakenly, admittedly by error, drop-ping this extension a year ago, leaders promised that this issue would be ad-dressed. A year later, it has not been. So on the stack of reasons why I will cast an unprecedented no vote on the CR tonight, this is just one more rea-son—a failure to fulfill a longstanding promise that these tax credits would be extended. Companies can’t invest and grow if they can’t have a predictable path for-ward for investment and know about what is the possibility for their incre-mental investment in R&D and manu-facturing. Real American businesses today, like Bloom Energy in my State and hundreds of others, need this reli-ability. There is no reason this could not have gotten done. There is no rea-son promises made could not have been kept. There is no reason this could not have been resolved. So with real disappointment and re-gret, I am going to vote no for the first time on a continuing resolution that puts at risk keeping this government open because of a whole series of missed opportunities in this year’s bill. It is my hope, it is my prayer, that next year, with a new Congress and with a new President, we will renew an attempt to find a bipartisan consensus around what it is we have to do to be competitive as a country, to sustain an all-of-the-above energy strategy, and to work together to find solutions that will grow manufacturing in our coun-try. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
COAL INDUSTRY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, a number of my colleagues were down on the floor a little bit ago, talking pas-sionately about the challenges our coal miners in the United States face. I want to mention Senator M
ANCHIN  from West Virginia, in particular, who is someone who speaks with a lot of passion on this issue as was men-tioned—so much so that I cosponsored the bill that he has been advocating, largely on the basis of his strong advo-cacy and, to be perfectly honest, the great respect I have for Senator M
ANCHIN . I do find it a bit ironic that what we have not heard from any of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle, when talking about coal miners’ chal-lenges, is that we have just had an 8- year war against the coal industry and coal miners, waged by the President of the United States Barack Obama, and all of his Federal agencies—8 years— unprecedented, illegal from my per-spective. Where is the outrage? There have been a number of us who have been try-ing to fight this war against coal min-ers for the last 8 years. Where is the outrage about that? The war on coal is what has hurt many of these miners. I am confident and hopeful that the in-coming Trump administration will help those miners with real jobs, not continue to purposefully put them out of work as the Obama administration has done. So when we talk about coal miners, taking care of them, we also need to talk about who has been waging that war and who has been fighting against it. That is what we really need to do to protect coal miners. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 10 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, first I wish to associate myself with Members who came to the floor this evening to talk about the CR. I will be voting against it. This isn’t about shutting the government down. This is about the House putting forward a bill really without consultation with Senate Democrats—there was some, but at first there was none—and then leaving town. I feel that we could easily do a very short-term CR to hash out a few of these matters—the health care for miners and their widows being fore-most in my mind. That easily could have been done. It is not as if we worked in this body too many days this year, and I think we could have worked next week to iron this out, to hash this out. I will be voting no because if we really care about the working people in this country, we really ought to be pro-tecting their pensions and their health care. REMEMBERING CAPTAIN LUIS MONTALVAN  
Mr. President, I rise today to honor a very special man and friend of mine, CPT Luis Montalvan, one of my per-sonal heroes. On Monday I received the news that Luis had died last Friday. This has been a difficult week, and I am griev-ing Luis’s death. Luis deserves to be honored because he dedicated his life to helping other veterans cope with the same struggles he faced after returning from war. I hope to do him justice be-cause his story deserves to be told. I met Luis in January of 2009 at an IAVA event—Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. Luis was there with Tuesday, his service dog. I love dogs, and so I immediately went to Luis and to Tuesday. He told me that he could not have been there if it weren’t for Tuesday. I asked him what Tuesday did for him. He told me he had severe PTSD, and he had been an agoraphobic, which is why he couldn’t have been there without Tuesday. I asked him what Tuesday did for him. He said Tuesday could anticipate when he was going to have a panic attack by the smell of his perspiration or changes in his breathing pattern and that Tues-day would nuzzle him, and he wouldn’t have the panic attack. Luis talked about how he had debili-tating nightmares. If he started thrashing in his bed, Tuesday would jump on the bed, wake him up, and he wouldn’t have to endure a debilitating nightmare. He said he was agoraphobic, so he didn’t go out. He got Tuesday as a serv-ice dog. He had been drinking very heavily, alcoholically, and he was of-fered this opportunity—this chance to have a service dog, to be paired with this service dog. He was trained with Tuesday. Tuesday had been trained a couple of years beforehand, including by a prisoner who had been serving a sentence for second-degree murder and had been a big part of Tuesday’s train-ing. That man was released from prison and now trains dogs for a living. He has a business doing it. He brought Tuesday back to his apartment in Brooklyn, a small apart-ment that he couldn’t leave. He said he learned something about having a dog. You have to take a dog out at least twice a day. He learned something else, which is that people don’t go up to scruffy-looking wounded vets—he walked with a cane because of part of his wounds in Iraq—but they will go up to a scruffy-looking wounded vet with a beautiful dog. Having Tuesday broke his isolation. He got out of his apart-ment, into life, and starting attending Columbia University School of Jour-nalism. I was so inspired by meeting Luis and Tuesday that, while I was waiting for my election to the Senate to be re-solved in 2009, which took about 6 more months—I met him in January of 2009— I spent a lot of that time during my re-count and then the legal actions after that researching service dogs and the benefits they bring to their owners. When I got to the Senate, the first piece of legislation I introduced was quickly passed into law. J
OHNNY ISAK-
SONof Georgia was my lead cosponsor. The bill was designed to increase the number of service dogs for veterans. Luis inspired that. In 2011, after graduating from jour-nalism school, Luis turned his story into a book entitled: ‘‘Until Tuesday: A Wounded Warrior and the Dog Who Saved Him,’’ which chronicled his jour-ney after returning from Iraq. It was a very candid and deeply moving account of his struggle. I have always admired the bravery it took for Luis to share his story. In the year since the book came out, he had been traveling around the country, sharing his story with lots of people, giving speeches and inter-views about his experience. He even had the chance to appear on the David 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.084 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6986 December 9, 2016 
Letterman Show with Tuesday. It was something I know Luis really enjoyed. Luis wrote two children’s books about Tuesday. His book ‘‘Tuesday Takes Me There: The Healing Journey of a Veteran and his Service Dog’’ is one of my grandson Joe’s favorite books. Luis wrote these children’s books so kids could learn about how Tuesday changed his life and helped him by helping him through his daily activities. This year had been a difficult year for Luis. Despite Tuesday’s steadying presence, Luis was still feeling pain in his leg when he walked. Sometimes that made it difficult to get around. To ease the pain, he had his leg amputated a few months ago, and he was in an in-tensive therapy program to relearn to walk with a prosthetic. He had other physical difficulties though. I talked to Luis’s parents this week to call them and tell them how sorry I was for their profound loss, and they told me that among other health difficulties, he was suffering from very severe heart problems. So he was going through a difficult period. I wish to celebrate the legacy he leaves behind, his legacy of helping veterans cope with life after combat. Because of Luis, more veterans are now able to access service dogs. Let me tell you something about these amazing dogs. Obviously, a serv-ice dog can’t do everything, but they do a lot to help. Service dogs raise their master’s sense of well-being. They help reduce depression. They ward off panic attacks—as they did with Luis. They assist when their owner needs help standing back up after falling. They do so many things— and not just for veterans. They do it for diabetics. They can smell when the blood sugar is too low. They can be companions for autistic kids. The par-ents had told me that they could take their child to the mall now because they won’t act out because they are taking care of their service dog while their service dog is taking care of them. For veterans living with service-re-lated injuries, these dogs can make a tremendous difference between vet-erans having a very good life—a decent life—and a very difficult one. My bill was a step in the direction to make sure that all veterans who need a serv-ice dog are able to get one. Still, we must realize that so many of our veterans still struggle mightily, sometimes years and decades after they come home. The hard truth is that in many ways we are family—our vets. The VA estimates that upwards of 20 percent of veterans of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Free-dom in Afghanistan suffer from PTSD. Twelve percent of gulf veterans and 30 percent of Vietnam veterans have suf-fered PTSDs during their lifetime. These statistics should serve as a so-bering reminder of the pain that so many veterans live with. It should re-mind us that unless you yourself have seen combat—which I have not—there is really no way to ever fully under-stand what they have gone through. I know I certainly don’t, but I do know that these men and women put them-selves in harm’s way in service to our country, and it is our obligation to do everything we can to help them when they come back. As Members of Congress, it is our re-sponsibility—more than anyone else’s in this country—to do right by them. I certainly do not have all of the an-swers, but I do know we can do better. Luis was my friend. He was a good man who loved his country and wanted nothing more than to help ease the pain that so many of his fellow vet-erans experienced. I don’t have the words to describe the sadness I feel knowing Luis is gone. There is a lot to learn from Luis’s book about what these men and women endure when they come back from war, but learning about the relationship be-tween Luis and Tuesday is really one of my favorite parts. Here is one of my favorite passages. And remember that one of the things Tuesday could do for Luis is anticipate panic attacks. Here is the quote, and this is from his book. 
Tuesday quietly crossed our apartment as I read a book and, after a nudge against my arm, put his head on my lap. As always, I im-mediately checked my mental state, trying to assess what was wrong. I knew a change in my biorhythms had brought Tuesday over, because he was always monitoring me, but I couldn’t figure out what it was. Breathing? Okay. Pulse? Normal. Was I glazed or dis-tracted? Was I lost in Iraq? Was a dark pe-riod descending? I didn’t think so, but I knew something must be wrong, and I was starting to worry . . . until I looked into Tuesday’s eyes. They were staring at me softly from under those big eyebrows, and there was nothing in them but love. 
Luis, I want you to know that while you are not with us anymore, I am so proud of you. I am so proud that you were brave enough to serve your coun-try for 17 years, and then brave enough to share the story of the hardship you faced afterward. I am so proud of you for giving hope to other veterans who faced the same struggles you did. Your book sits on my Senate desk still and always will. It will stay there as a re-minder of the man I am proud to have called my friend. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
BLACKFEET WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT BILL  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today the Senate can make history in Mon-tana. The Senate has the opportunity to send the Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act to the President for his signature with the passage of this WRDA bill, an issue I have been work-ing on since I first came to Congress. Modern efforts to settle the Black-feet tribe’s water rights date back to 1979. After long negotiations and after being introduced four times in the Con-gress since 2010, this year, the compact passed the Senate for the very first time, and with the passage of this bill, it will finally become law. The Black-feet Tribe has waited long enough. It is time to get this compact across the fin-ish line, and we are very, very close. This compact will not only establish the tribe’s water rights but irrigation for neighboring farmlands. We call that area Montana’s Golden Triangle. It is some of the most productive farmland in our State. In fact, it is where my great-great-grandmother homesteaded. Today is a historic day for the Black-feet Tribe, for Montana farmers, and for Montana families. The Blackfeet water compact will update decades-old infrastructure, and it will strengthen irrigation for agriculture, while also protecting habitat. I want to commend the Blackfeet Tribe and its chairman, Harry Barnes, who have been diligent and patient in seeing this settlement forward. I com-mend our State for its commitment to the Blackfeet Tribe and Indian Country in Montana. I urge the support of my colleagues in passage of this WRDA bill. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote to put the government on autopilot for the next 4 and a half months. Coupled with the continuing resolution we are currently under, that is 7 months of fiscal year 2017 priorities funded—or not—under the terms of the fiscal year 2016 omnibus bill. Freezing in place an earlier year’s priorities—ig-noring the many hearings and the com-mittee work and the debates and the oversight that the Appropriations Committees have invested in genuine, full-year funding bills for next year— by definition means this stop-gap bill is chock-full of great mismatches be-tween our current priorities and those set long ago for an earlier fiscal year. By definition it means wasted diver-sion of funds to past priorities and giv-ing short shrift to changing cir-cumstances, needs and priorities. What does that mean to Vermonters? It means cuts to food assistance needs. It means halted homeland security pre-paredness grants. It means uncertainty for affordable housing developers and transportation planners. It means we here in Congress didn’t get our job done. What makes the vote on this con-tinuing resolution all the more frus-trating is the fact that we didn’t need to be in this predicament today. The Senate Appropriations Committee carefully considered 12 individual ap-propriations bills. All but one were re-ported with broad if not unanimous support. Through September, October, and into November, we negotiated in good faith and in a productive way with our counterparts in the House of Representatives. That is until the order came to stand down. The word was that the President-elect didn’t want us to pass a responsible, full-year budget. The word was that he wanted Congress once again to kick the can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.085 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6987 December 9, 2016 
further down the road. Then Democrats in both the Senate and House were shut out of the process—no consultation and no negotiations. In the absence of what could have been an achievable omnibus appropria-tions bill, this continuing resolution does fulfill a few key priorities. It avoids a government shutdown, just be-fore the holiday season. It provides the millions of dollars authorized earlier this week in the 21st Century Cures Act to fight opioid abuse and cancer. It re-jects the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act’s proposal to increase base de-fense spending through an increase in overseas contingency operations funds. It provides billions of dollars in emer-gency disaster assistance for recent natural disasters. It supports addi-tional funds to care for unaccompanied children from Central America and Mexico. And at long last, it provides overdue funds—fully offset through the Water Resources Development Act au-thorization—to address the shameful lead contamination crisis in Flint, MI. The people of Flint have waited far too long, while Congress has dragged its feet, to finally have access to the need-ed resources for the children and fami-lies suffering there. These are, surely, all reasons to sup-port this continuing resolution. But, as with most things, there is another side to this story. The continuing resolution extends, without desperately needed reforms, the EB–5 immigrant visa program. I op-posed the current continuing resolu-tion for this same extension. As I have said numerous times, the EB–5 pro-gram has become mired in fraud and abuse. Almost everyone agrees it is broken. It is time we fix it. If EB–5 can-not be reformed due to a paralysis of leadership, the time has come for it to end, not be extended, without debate, in a continuing resolution. This continuing resolution—again, negotiated behind closed doors by Sen-ate and House Republicans—does noth-ing to resolve the questions about how to sustain health care for miners and miners’ widows. The Senate Finance Committee approved legislation in Sep-tember to address this crisis in a bipar-tisan vote of 18 to 8. The Republican leadership has chosen—chosen—to not bring that legislation forward. Instead, now mine workers will be forced to spend the last dollars in their multiem-ployer health plan to cover this 4- month extension. What promises do we have that there will be a real commit-ment to provide for these men and women come next May? None. These mineworkers cannot afford thousands of dollars in monthly health care bills on the small pension payments they re-ceive. Further, the continuing resolution includes a troubling, precedent-setting provision to expedite consideration of waiver legislation for the President- elect’s announced nominee to serve as Secretary of Defense. The Framers of the Constitution provided that the Senate should provide advice and con-sent in the appointment of such Cabi-net nominees. Congress subsequently sought to implement limitations on who could serve as Secretary of De-fense, thereby ensuring that America’s military would remain under civilian control. Circumventing these limita-tions requires an act of Congress. It has been done just once before and not with any deal of levity. This con-tinuing resolution, however, seeks to truncate the Senate’s debate over granting, for only the second time in history, such a waiver. My opposition to the inclusion of this language stands apart from the nominee himself, as well as the legislation granting such a waiver, each of which should be de-bated fully. I oppose limiting the Sen-ate’s debate over the granting of such a waiver. That is what this language does. The Senate is the most delibera-tive body in the world. With this provi-sion, we cede that designation, at least a bit, and pave the way for further ero-sions. Nonetheless, we face what is iron-ically both a complicated and straight-forward decision: allow for a govern-ment shutdown, 2 weeks before the winter holidays, or approve this con-tinuing resolution that casts aside Congress’s responsibility to enact meaningful appropriations bills for the fiscal year. As the incoming vice chair-man of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I don’t take this decision lightly. I want the record to be clear. To Senate Republican leaders and Re-publican leaders in the House; to the President-elect and the Vice President- elect: Democrats will not rubberstamp a partisan agenda in the 115th Con-gress. We will not tolerate being shut out of negotiations about how our tax-payers’ dollars are spent. And we will not allow Congress to continue to buck its constitutional duties to quite sim-ply do its job. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I had hoped to offer two amendments to the continuing resolution, CR, we are con-sidering to fund government operations through April 28, 2017. I want to say from the outset that I am disappointed the Republican majority has decided to consider another CR rather than pass full appropriations bills. This is an abdication of our responsi-bility to govern, and there are real neg-ative effects for the American people. As vice chairman of the Defense Appro-priations Subcommittee, I can tell you that 4 more months of a CR poses sig-nificant funding issues for the Depart-ment of Defense, DOD. Given the thousands of funding lines that make up the DOD budget and the changing needs from one fiscal year to the next, it does not work to simply continue spending from year to year. For example, rolling the fiscal year 2016 DOD budget into fiscal year 2017 means that procurement accounts are overfunded by $6 billion, while oper-ations and maintenance accounts— those primarily concerned with main-taining military readiness—are under-funded by $12 billion. This is not the support our men and women in uniform deserve. To mitigate the worst of these ef-fects, the bill before us contains a very small number of changes to particular funding needs, so-called anomalies. The two amendments I filed today suggest two more such changes, to ensure that important DOD medical research ef-forts and significant increases in spending for Israeli missile defense pro-grams move forward. Just this summer, during the consid-eration of the fiscal year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act, the Senate voted in a strong, bipartisan fashion to maintain a comprehensive DOD med-ical research program. We debated at great length the important contribu-tions DOD medical research continues to make for our Active Duty personnel and their families, as well as our mili-tary retirees, veterans, and the Amer-ican public. Under a CR, because the bulk of DOD research dollars—over $1 billion—are added by Congress, much of this work will stop cold. No new projects will be funded, with impacts on fiscal year 2016 research projects as well. Passing this amendment will ensure that this crit-ical work and medical advances for our soldiers, airmen, sailors, and marines are not delayed by allowing $1.8 billion contained in the fiscal year 2017 De-fense Appropriations bill to be spent. At the same time, over the last dec-ade, Congress has overwhelmingly sup-ported significant increases for Israeli missile defense programs, including Iron Dome, David’s Sling, and Arrow. The fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropria-tions bill includes a $113 million in-crease for these programs—totaling $600.7 million—and this spending is necessary to get new technologies into the field in a timely manner. I think we can all agree that 7-month CRs are not the way we should be fund-ing our government. While we should be considering all of our appropriations bills, passing both of these amend-ments would enable important pro-grams to maximize their impacts in fiscal year 2017. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to speak, once again, about how critically important it is to pass legis-lation that will finally help the people of Flint repair their devastated drink-ing water system. We have before us a water resources bill that was identified a long time ago as the vehicle to assist Flint during their still-ongoing water crisis. We have been working for months and months on this. We have had strong commitments from leaders in both parties and on both sides of the Hill. The Water Infrastructure Improve-ments for the Nation Act, formerly known as the WRDA bill, includes funding authorizations for commu-nities that have had a drinking water emergency, as well as language author-izing increases in health funding and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.115 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6988 December 9, 2016 
lead exposure prevention. But the ac-tual appropriations funding for these provisions are contained in the Con-tinuing Resolution. The bottom line is this: For Flint and any other future communities with drinking water emergencies to receive money, this body must pass both the water resources bill and the continuing resolution. This may be the last, best chance to secure the long-overdue as-sistance that the people of Flint de-serve. The families in Flint have suffered through unspeakable hardships over the last couple years. To this day, many are still using bottled water to drink, cook, wash their dishes, and even take sponge baths. After Thanks-giving, it broke my heart to see the fa-mous ‘‘Little Miss Flint’’ post on social media about how it took 144 bottles of water to prepare Thanksgiving dinner. Can you imagine having to open 144 bottles of water simply just to cook your Thanksgiving meal? These same people have heard promise after prom-ise that they will get the help that they need to put new pipes in the ground. Some of that work has started, and the water quality is slowly start-ing to improve. Still, the fact remains that Flint residents still cannot access clean drinking water directly from their taps. We shouldn’t forget that the Flint provisions in the water resources and the CR also contains language to set up nationally significant programs and policies to help prevent and respond to any future emergencies that are simi-lar to the Flint water crisis. The bills include money for a lead monitoring registry and an associated expert advi-sory committee, as well as for a child-hood lead prevention and a better pub-lic notification process. The water resources legislation also has nationally significant, bipartisan provisions to restore some of our Na-tion’s great bodies of water, such as the Great Lakes, Everglades, Lake Tahoe, the Delaware River Basin, and more. Not to mention this bill contains critical projects for reducing the risk of flood damage, as well as maintaining our navigational waterways and har-bors. But I must recognize that this bill is flawed and imperfect. I was very disappointed to see last-minute changes to provisions that threatened the bill’s strong, bipartisan support. The WRDA bill passed the Senate by a vote of 95–3 just a few months ago, but these new changes to the text threaten to dismantle that support. We must make tough decisions in Con-gress, and the vote on this compromise bill will certainly be a hard choice for several of my colleagues. But I would ask you think hard about the balance of this bill and measure all the benefits of the many positive provisions. And I would ask you to think about our re-sponsibility to care for communities in crisis. We will soon have a chance to deliver on a long-standing promise for some unbelievably resilient and strong peo-ple. I urge you to follow through on that promise by voting in support of the water resources bill and continuing resolution. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 290 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I wish to call to the attention of my colleagues S. 290. S. 290 is a piece of legislation passed unanimously by the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. It is a bipartisan bill that was crafted by the ranking member, the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and me, and it deals with accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs. This legislation has a number of com-ponents, but the one I wish to focus on this evening is one that has a con-sequence to those in senior executive positions at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs who commit felonies in the scope of their employment at the Department of Veterans Affairs. This legislation, S. 290, would eliminate their pension if convicted of a felony in a court of law and only that portion of their pension that was accrued after the conduct that resulted in the felony conviction. That is the circumstance that was approved by the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee a year ago this month. That bill has yet to come to the Senate floor. During that time in which we have been waiting for consideration of this legislation, certain terribly unfortu-nate events occurred at the VA hos-pital at Leavenworth, KS. I have been on the Senate floor speaking to this issue previously, but the basic facts are that a physician’s assistant committed sexual acts with his patients—veterans who came to the VA hospital at Leavenworth, KS, for care and treatment, and we learned of this reprehensible conduct from news-paper reports in 2015. That conduct has affected many vet-erans in Kansas and in Missouri who sought the care and treatment of a physician’s assistant and who relied upon the VA to provide that care for them. In fact, Mr. Wisner was never discharged from the VA; he resigned a month after the conduct was reported to the inspector general. Veterans have now sued Mr. Wisner in court, and at least a dozen veterans are seeking re-dress, and criminal proceedings are pending in the District Court of Leav-enworth County, KS, against Mr. Wis-ner. One of the things the veterans who have called our office to talk about this circumstance—and we believe there are many other veterans who have suffered the consequence of this sexual abuse by a VA employee who is a health care provider—one of the con-sequences has been phone calls to our office asking for our help. One of the common conversations is: It is so dif-ficult for me to get my pension, my benefits from the VA. Why would Mr. Wisner, if convicted of these crimes, re-ceive his? So I have authored an amendment to S. 290 that would add an additional cat-egory of Department of Veterans Af-fairs employees who also would suffer the loss of their pension should they be convicted in a court of law for conduct they committed in caring for patients at the VA, and that reduction in pen-sion would occur from the point of time of the conduct that resulted in the felony conviction of that VA em-ployee. What we are talking about is adding positions such as physicians, dentists, podiatrist, chiropractors, optometrists, registered nurses, and physicians as-sistants to the language; the theory being if it is appropriate to remove the pension benefits of a member of the upper echelon—the executive team at the VA for conviction of felony con-duct—why would it not be appropriate to also add those who can do even more damage to a veteran by felony conduct against them while seeking care and comfort and treatment from the VA? So what we now present to the Sen-ate—in fact, we have asked for unani-mous consent on two previous occa-sions for this to be considered. We have hotlined this legislation. It has cleared the Republican side twice but has yet to clear the Democratic side of the Senate. So the request soon will be that S. 290, as amended by a Moran amendment, the language of which was negotiated between me and the ranking member, Senator B
LUMENTHAL of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, be added to the original S. 290, the bill that Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL and I created to cre-ate accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs be discharged from further con-sideration of S. 290 and the Senate pro-ceed to its immediate consideration; I further ask that the Moran substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Reserving the right to ob-ject, we have to be back here in 2 hours anyway. I would ask my friend if he would be willing to come to the floor at about 10 minutes to 10 again to renew his request. I have a few calls I need to make to make sure the matter about which this side has raised a concern is valid. So if Senator M
ORAN would be willing to come back in a couple of hours, we can take a look at it. Mr. MORAN. I appreciate the re-marks of the distinguished leader, and I am happy to accommodate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the request? Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, based upon the conversation and dialogue that occurred with the Senator from Nevada, I withdraw my unanimous con-sent request. I will renew my request 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.103 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6989 December 9, 2016 
later and look forward to the majority leader being present at that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The request is withdrawn. The Senator from Colorado. 
UNITED STATES ENERGY  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, over the past several years, we have heard from our allies around the globe about the need for U.S. energy. The fact that the United States can produce abun-dant and affordable energy is the envy of the world, and allies from Eastern Europe to Asia look at the United States as a place where they can achieve and get that abundant, afford-able energy supply they need to help grow their economy so our allies aren’t dependent on countries in the Middle East that aren’t necessarily friendly to them for their energy supply and en-ergy sources. When it comes to energy production, we know across this country the shale revolution has created hundreds of thousands of jobs. In my home State of Colorado alone, it has created over 100,000 jobs. It is an incredible oppor-tunity that we have to gain North American energy independence and se-curity. We also know we have an overabun-dance of natural gas supplies right now. At the very same time that our allies are asking for American energy supplies, we have an abundance of American energy. Especially in the Rockies, we have the potential for an asset to become stranded—an asset that we can produce a lot of but lack the markets to send it to. As energy developments have oc-curred in the Northeastern part of the United States, we have seen that Northeastern States are now able to get their energy resources, natural gas, and others, from right in their back-yard instead of relying on the Western United States. Those of us in the West have urged the construction of LNG terminals in the gulf along the west coast so we can export that natural gas through LNG terminals to our allies who desperately need it. That not only gives our allies the en-ergy they desire, but it also makes sure we can continue producing energy in Colorado and the West and not result in a stranded product that can no longer go east but has an outlet to the west. Because of this demand by our al-lies and because of the incredible suc-cess we have had producing that en-ergy, the Jordan Cove LNG terminal has been proposed for construction in Oregon. Jordan Cove would provide an outlet for Colorado and other States’ energy productions to have an outlet to Asia. I am chairman of the East Asia Sub-committee on Foreign Relations. When I visited across and throughout the re-gion, one of the key conversations I have had with leaders, government leaders, and business leaders in those nations is the conversation sur-rounding energy, and they talk about what we can do to expedite and to in-crease energy exports from the United States. This Senate has made great progress, this Congress has made great progress when it comes to exporting energy. In fact, earlier this year, we allowed for the export of crude oil for the first time since Jimmy Carter made it im-possible decades ago. We also know we continued to work on LNG Exports ex-pediting the permanent approval proc-ess for LNG terminals. Legislation that was included in the Energy bill would have allowed those approvals, required those permits to be approved in an ex-pedited fashion. Unfortunately, the En-ergy bill did not get approved. It does not look like it is going to move at the end of this Congress, but I certainly hope it will next year, and I certainly hope we will get language expediting LNG terminals. One of the most clear outrages, though, of this administration’s poli-cies over the last year—8 years has been its outright hostility to energy development. Unfortunately, many of our commissions and agencies in our government continue to reflect that hostility toward the development of our energy resources. Let’s just take a decision that was announced mere hours ago as it relates to Jordan Cove. Once again, FERC de-nied the application of Jordan Cove to exports, shutting down their pipeline, preventing them from getting the re-sources they need to open the facility to be able to export to our allies in Asia. They claim that Jordan Cove has not demonstrated a market. They don’t have enough of a market proven to ap-prove the pipeline necessary to feed the terminal to export to LNG. Jordan Cove has substantial customer base in Asia. They have proven it to FERC. This is nothing but the continuation of a denial in March that FERC made to shut down exports of LNG, to shut down our ability to get energy out of the Rockies and send it to our allies in the West. Over the next several years, luckily we will be asked to confirm a number of nominees from commissions and agencies across the government, in-cluding FERC. It is my hope this body, as it looks to these nominations and approvals, will start asking some very difficult questions to those people who are going to be filling these commis-sions about whether we are serious about energy production in the United States and whether we are serious about allowing States such as Colorado the ability to produce energy and then to export it to our allies around the globe. If people—like FERC right now—have their way, their answer is, no, shut it down, keep it in the ground. That is ex-treme and an activist point of view, and it is an outrage. It is denying the people of Colorado economic oppor-tunity. It is denying the people in the West economic opportunity, and it is letting the government decide what is right and wrong in the marketplace. FERC, this government shouldn’t be in the business of picking winners and losers. Yet that is what it continues to do. Jordan Cove has tremendous bipar-tisan support. Republicans and Demo-crats alike believe that facility is im-portant to Japan, that facility is im-portant to opportunities in Korea, that facility is important to our allies throughout Asia, throughout the West, and it is my hope that as this process moves forward, we can get a deep ex-pression and understanding from FERC about why they continue to deny these jobs, deny these opportunities. The demand is there. The need is there. The economics are there, and we certainly need the jobs there in Colo-rado with the approval of this pipeline and that facility at Jordan Cove. I thank you for the time this evening, and I certainly hope we can at least make some progress over the next few years with people in agencies and people in commissions who believe in the American economy instead of the American bureaucracy. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE 114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, as we approach the end of this Congress, I rise to discuss not only what we have accomplished in this Chamber but also specifically what we have accomplished for the State of Nevada. I am especially proud that many of my priorities have been able to move forward to help Ne-vadans thrive—from veterans to health care, to infrastructure. These accomplishments prove that this majority was prepared to work and produce lasting results. I look forward to advancing even more priorities that benefit Nevada in the 115th Congress. As a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, I have been proud to advocate on behalf of Nevada’s brave heroes. My focus has always been on issues impacting Nevada’s veterans most. I will give you some examples: guaranteeing our veterans have access to care, ensuring they receive care quickly, working to hire more VA doc-tors, providing health care for rural veterans, and addressing the disability claims backlog we have been working on for years. In this Congress, there has been a lot of progress. As a cochair of the Senate VA Backlog Working Group, I have been holding the VA’s feet to the fire on the disability claims backlog. The VA has adopted many of the working group’s policy recommendations, and this pressure has helped reduce the backlogs from 405,000 claims in 2014 to 92,000 today. Although, clearly, there is much more room for improvement, Nevada’s veterans are far better off submitting a claim to our Nevada VA Regional Of-fice today than they were 2 years ago. Nevada was once the worst in the Na-tion and now it is in the top 25 percent for performance. Another issue plaguing veterans in Nevada and nationwide is VA doctor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.087 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6990 December 9, 2016 
shortages. It is hard for VA to recruit and retain medical professionals, and that impacts how quickly our veterans can get their care. I have asked the Government Ac-countability Office to examine the VA’s current policies for recruitment and retention and report back to me on what improvements can be made. I look forward to receiving that report next year and enacting to ensure we address this issue that affects urban areas, such as Las Vegas, and our rural veterans in Elko, Ely, and Winnemucca. When it comes to bringing high-qual-ity care to Nevada, I am also proud that the VA finally opened a brandnew VA clinic in Pahrump. While there have been many positive steps forward for Nevada’s veteran community, clear-ly there is more to accomplish in the next Congress. In fact, I am working to pass legisla-tion through the Senate right now that would bring greater accountability to the VA by reporting each year on bo-nuses awarded to critical positions like VA hospital directors. We still have a 20-percent disability claims backlog and a growing appeals backlog. The VA Choice Program must be revisited in 2017 for reauthorization and improvements. The VA still strug-gles to fire employees who are poorly performing. Rural veterans still strug-gle to find doctors to serve in their area. These are priorities for Nevada’s veterans that I am committed to ad-vancing every day that I am in the U.S. Senate. I am also particularly proud of the work we have done in the 114th Con-gress on infrastructure. Those efforts yielded major results for the State of Nevada. Last year, we enacted the first long-term highway bill in nearly a dec-ade called the Fixing Americans Sur-face Transportation Act, or better known as the FAST Act. This 5-year bill provides States with resources and the tools to advance high-priority projects, such as the new Interstate 11 connecting Phoenix to Las Vegas, the Carson City freeway, and the widening of the Las Vegas busiest freeway, Interstate 15 in Las Vegas. The bill also included in my top in-frastructure priorities the expansion of Interstate 11 to Northern Nevada. I have been working for years to improve mobility from Las Vegas to Reno. Sur-face transportation projects like these spur economic development opportuni-ties. It reduces congestion and in-creases safety—the recipe for creating short-term jobs and long-term eco-nomic growth. In July, the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act was enacted into law. This important legislation imple-mented important reforms that make U.S. air travel safer, more efficient, es-sential to tourism destinations, such as Las Vegas, Reno, and Lake Tahoe. Again tonight, we will debate yet an-other important infrastructure bill— the Water Infrastructure Improve-ments for the Nation Act. Included in that package is a bill I sponsored and have been working on with my Nevada and California colleagues for nearly a decade—the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act. This initiative will reduce wildfire threats, jump-start transportation and infrastructure projects, combat evasive species at Lake Tahoe, and ensure the jewel of the Sierras is preserved for generations to come. It also includes a provision I crafted with Senator H
EINRICH that improves the water security of rural western communities. I hope my colleagues will agree to quickly take up and pass this critical, important legislation for my State, sending it to the President’s desk before the end of the year. With a new majority in the Senate, we were also able to make good on a number of promises to the American people on the health care front. First and foremost was being able to be send an ObamaCare repeal bill to the Presi-dent’s desk within the first year of our new majority. One of my top priorities in our ObamaCare repeal efforts was to repeal the 40-percent excise tax on em-ployee health benefits. In Nevada, 1.3 million workers who have employer-sponsored health insur-ance plans will be hit by the Cadillac tax. I knew the devastating impact this tax would have on Nevadans, but I also knew that in order to get anything done, we needed a bipartisan effort. My friend Senator H
EINRICH from New Mexico and I teamed up to successfully include a delay of the Cadillac tax in the omnibus bill at the end of last year. Rest assured, I will continue to fight for a full repeal in the next Con-gress. This week, we were able to pass the 21st Century Cures Act, which has a 2- year process to work in a bipartisan way to advance medical research and clear out government redtape at the Food and Drug Administration. I was very pleased two of my bills that focus on mental health and protecting sen-iors’ Medicare benefits were included in this health care package. First, my bill, Bringing Postpartum Depression Out of the Shadows Act, was included in the mental health title of the bill. After working with mental health care providers in my home State, I learned that Nevadans lack ac-cess to the appropriate treatment, screenings, and community support needed to provide effective care for new mothers struggling with postpartum depression. I worked with Senator G
ILLIBRAND  and HELP Committee Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER on this important piece of legis-lation, which builds upon existing State and local efforts by providing targeted Federal grants to assist States in developing programs to bet-ter screen and treat maternal depres-sion. Another bill we were able to pass as part of the Cures Act was my legisla-tion, the Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act. This legislation re-quires more transparency of the Medi-care Advantage and prescription drug benefits enjoyed by seniors throughout the State. It will also ensure that these benefits continue to provide meaningful cov-erage to seniors and will help us pro-tect important health care benefits for current and future retirees. More than 30 percent of Nevada’s sen-iors enjoy their Medicare Advantage benefits, and enrollment continues to grow in my State. Successfully passing a number of health care bills will sure-ly set the tone early next year when the united Republican government fi-nally repeals ObamaCare. I am optimistic that with a willing partner in the White House, we can build on these successes. I plan on using my role on the Senate Finance Committee; Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Com-mittee; and the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to tackle the chal-lenges facing Nevadans across the State. I know we will do everything in our power to protect our constituents’ ac-cess to care as we transition out of ObamaCare and into a new era of a 21st century care system that works for pa-tients. I know we will honor our veterans by improving the quality of care and bene-fits they have earned. We will invest in roads, bridges, clean water, a modern and reliable elec-tricity grid, telecommunications, and other pressing domestic infrastructure needs. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the U.S. Senate on these important priorities in the coming year. I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 3394 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I will take just a few minutes. I rise to call up for consideration H.R. 3394, the CAPTIVE Act. I have long advocated for the Senate to pass the CAPTIVE Act, which passed the House by unani-mous consent in July. In 2003, a group of Department of De-fense contractors were on a counter-narcotics mission in Colombia when their plane crash-landed. These Ameri-cans were captured by members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colom-bia, which we know as FARC, which is a violent guerrilla group that is heav-ily involved in drug trafficking. My fellow Alabamian Thomas J. Janis, the pilot of the plane, tragically lost his life at the hands of these ter-rorists on February 13, 2003. The three 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.090 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6991 December 9, 2016 
other Americans abroad the flight were kidnapped, held hostage, and tortured for more than 5 years until they were finally rescued by the Colombia mili-tary. These heroes are now seeking jus-tice for themselves and their families against those who carried out unthink-able acts of violence. The CAPTIVE Act is simple. It would make it easier for all U.S. victims of terrorism to recover court-awarded damages. I believe that the family of Tom Janis and all of the victims of ter-ror deserve nothing less than for the Senate to swiftly pass the CAPTIVE Act. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting that. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate con-sideration of H.R. 3394, which was re-ceived from the House; I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Is there objection? The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, re-serving the right to object, I share Sen-ator S
HELBY ’s and other colleagues’ strong desire to ensure that this small group of Americans who suffered such violence at the hands of FARC is com-pensated for their ordeal. Earlier this week, at the behest of Senator N
ELSON  and others, I met with some of those former hostages. I heard of their suf-fering firsthand. I have read about it. I have talked to them. I cannot imagine what they went through. While the vic-tims have already received a portion of the compensation awarded them by Federal courts—around $16 million so far—out of a total of $318 million awarded, they still have a long way to go. The administration, including the Treasury Department, which overseas our efforts to combat the narcotics trafficking that is having such a dev-astating impact on our country and others around the world, has expressed serious concerns that the CAPTIVE Act would undermine our successful anti-narcotics efforts. I want to help these victims. It is ter-rible what happened to them. They were trying to serve our country—they were serving our country when this happened. But I have serious concerns about this legislation written in this way, how it would undermine success-ful anti-narcotics efforts. Since the administration’s concerns and the risk to our anti-narcotics ef-forts have not been addressed—and I think we can address them, I hope early in January once we have coordi-nated and gotten this information in a way to present it back to Congress in another piece of legislation that pre-serves these anti-narcotics efforts and at the same time fulfills our commit-ment to compensation. But because of all of that, I must object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. WRDA  
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I rise to share a few thoughts on the Water Resources Development Act, or, as it is referred to, the WRDA Act. This is a bill which has a tremendous num-ber of water projects across America that in general will work to make many communities’ economies work far better. These are widely distributed across the country, and they are widely needed. It was worked out through a tremendous amount of effort on the Senate side and on the House side. There are certainly projects there I have fought for that will be of assist-ance on the Columbia River and to the tribes who were affected by the dams on the Columbia River and on the WIFIA, the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act—a vision I have been working on for years to put in place. All of that is very good, but I have real concerns about a provision that was airdropped into the conference. This is not just a little one-sentence rider; this is 90 pages called the Cali-fornia Drought Act. Picture the big vision here. For years, the Central Valley of California has been a massive consumer of water for agriculture. We have had years of drought. During those years that the Central Valley was a massive consumer of water, they planted a lot of crops that consume a lot of water. Crops like almonds—it takes a gallon of water for every almond. There are crops like rice, where you have to flood the paddies of rice and there is massive loss to evaporation. But the agricul-tural community there wants to con-tinue growing the same crops even throughout the drought, and so they are looking for ways to pull more water out of the Northern California rivers and ship it to the Central Valley. Why is this a concern? This is a con-cern because these rivers in the north-ern part of the State are key rivers for salmon. If you drain these rivers to ful-fill the water needs of the Central Val-ley, you will do enormous harm to the salmon and to the salmon fishermen. When salmon go downstream and head out to sea for 5 or 6 years, they swim north. They have a huge impact and role to play off the Oregon coast and off the Washington coast. That is why during the course of this debate you have seen two Senators from Washington State, M
ARIA CANTWELL  and P
ATTY MURRAY , talk about how concerned they are and why you have seen my colleague from Oregon, R
ON W
YDEN , talk about how concerned he is—because we have at play here a bat-tle between the salmon fishermen and that industry and its iconic species and all it provides to the Northwest and the agricultural growers of the Central Valley. It isn’t as if the growers in the Cen-tral Valley haven’t benefited from tak-ing water from north California—from the northern rivers; they have been doing it for decades. They have been in-creasing the amount of water for dec-ades. Now they are asking to use this drought, through this California drought bill, to give them authority to take even more water despite a nega-tive impact on the salmon. That is why I am troubled, and there are some key provisions that I thought are worth talking about specifically because some folks have come to this floor and said: Don’t worry, be happy. Nothing in here is going to change the provisions and applications of the bio-logical opinions that control how we make sure we sustain a healthy envi-ronment for the fish. Others have come and said: Don’t worry, there is nothing that changes the application of the En-dangered Species Act. But unfortu-nately that is just not accurate. I thought I would give some insight into how this works. Section 4001 in the bill provides an opportunity to bypass biological opin-ions by setting up a pilot project and then studying the outcome of the pilot project. It uses the pilot project as a way to do an end run around the bio-logical opinions and the Endangered Species Act. Just to share a little bit of the lan-guage, quoting directly from the bill, ‘‘[T]he California Department of Water Resources . . . [will] implement a pilot project to test and evaluate the ability to operate the Delta cross-channel gates daily or as otherwise may be ap-propriate to keep them open to the greatest extent practicable . . . and maximize Central Valley Project and State Water Project pumping.’’ Here is the thing. What you have is a river coming down, and salmon that are coming back from the ocean swim up that river in order to spawn. But along the way are these gates that con-trol water that can move into the delta toward the Central Valley. If those gates are opened, the salmon, instead of going upstream to spawn, get di-verted, and it has a big impact on the species, so those gates are kept closed in order to protect the success of the spawning salmon. This basically says: Do a pilot project and open the gates. Then it pro-ceeds to say that what we will do about that is to collect data on its impact. I will quote again: [W]ith respect to the operation of the Delta cross-channel gates described in (1), collect data on the impact of that operation on . . . species listed as threatened or endan-gered. 
So it is a direct impact on the Endan-gered Species Act. It gives permission through this so-called pilot project to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.092 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6992 December 9, 2016 
open the gates and then to collect data on how much harm it does to the fish. That is very unlike the information that has been presented by some on this floor. Here is another provision within the 4001 section. It instructs adoption of ‘‘a 1:1 inflow to export ratio for the incre-ment of increased flow,’’ and it gives a bunch of details about that, and it says this must happen ‘‘unless the Sec-retary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce determine in writing that a 1:1 inflow to export ratio for that incre-ment of increased flow will cause addi-tional adverse effects.’’ It doesn’t say you can do this 1:1 flow unless it causes adverse effects; it says you can’t do this 1:1 flow unless the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce say it will cause bad ef-fects. So essentially here is another end run around the biological opinion and around the Endangered Species Act by just giving the Secretary of Com-merce and Secretary of the Interior of the incoming administration the power to just let this water be diverted unless they act. That is not something that can be challenged in court because there is no standard being applied for violating the biological opinion, no standard being applied for violating the Endangered Species Act, except the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior and the opinion of the Secretary of Commerce. Those two things are in section 4001. Let’s turn to section 4002. Section 4002 says essentially there is a range at which a biological opinion allows you to drain a river. When you normally think of water being taken out of a river, you picture the river flowing down, and maybe there is a place where some of that water is pulled out of the river, but the rest of the river keeps flowing on down. But in this case, the amount of water taken out is called a negative flow because it actually ends the river. It pulls the water back. That is very dramatic. This bill has specific instructions, and in that range of possibilities that might be considered within a biological opinion, they are instructed to pump at the maximum rate, a rate that will not be less negative ‘‘than the most nega-tive reverse flow’’—I am reading from this bill—‘‘the most negative reverse flow rate prescribed by the . . . biologi-cal opinion.’’ So they are instructed specifically not to find the right space within the judgment of the scientists and the bio-logical opinion, but if there has been an estimate—as it could be from here to here—to take the very maximum rate, and this rate is so high that it causes this negative flow of water, which is why they talk about rivers running backward to feed water to the Central Valley. So that is a precise instruction that changes the normal application and work of scientists who are evaluating the effect, under all the various condi-tions, of how much water to pull out, and so it very much affects the biologi-cal opinion and very much affects the Endangered Species Act. There is a way that this can be over-ridden recent, but not by challenging it in court—the only way it can be over-ridden is if the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Commerce shall document in writing that it is going to go have a very bad impact. So, again, this is giving no recourse to those who see enormous damage to the fish because they have no power. All the power is given to the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce. Let’s go to another section, 4003. The language itself essentially says that the Central Valley projects and the State water projects should take the absolute maximum flow rate that is al-lowed and then go beyond that. In section 4002, it was like: Here is the range. Take the top end of the range. Don’t use your scientific judg-ment about where you should really be to protect the fish and the salmon in-dustry. This one says: Here is the range from here to here, but you have to go further, take even more. This is almost unbelievable. I have never seen any-thing like it. I will quote: ‘‘authorize the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, combined, to operate at levels that result in OMR flows more nega-tive than the most negative reverse flow rate prescribed by the . . . biologi-cal opinion.’’ So when some of my colleagues have come to this floor and said this doesn’t affect the biological opinion a bit, yes it does. It says it in plain language. Here is the opinion; you have to be be-tween here and here. And the law, if passed, if adopted, says: No, no, no. Go further, go beyond the range of the bio-logical opinion. This language is unambiguously in-consistent with the requirements of the biological opinion. It just says in plain, straight language: Ignore it. Go beyond it. It also says that these transfers through delta water for the State water project can occur even if they violate the 1992 Central Valley Im-provement Act—even if they violate it. So what is in that section (a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Improvement Act that can be violated? I pulled up that language. Let’s just check this out. It refers to contractual obligations or fish and wildlife obligations under this title. So, in other words, this bill says you can ignore the obligations related to fish and wildlife. So, once again, we see a provision aimed at ignoring the im-pact upon fish or upon wildlife and au-thorizing the raiding of water from Northern California for more almonds in the Central Valley. Now, 20,000 people work in the salm-on industry, and a huge part of this are the salmon that come out of these streams—streams that are already compromised. So the reason there is such a profound objection from Senator B
OXER of California, from Senator M
URRAY of Washington, from Senator C
ANTWELL of Washington, from Senator W
YDEN of Oregon, and from me is that this is a blueprint for running over the top of carefully crafted biological opin-ions designed to prevent the extinction of key species. In this case, it is not just the extinction. It is also a key commercial enterprise—the salmon in-dustry. So I am offended that this overrun of the salmon, this permission slip to drain the rivers of the north to feed the Central Valley, is being presented as having no impact on the biological opinions for the Endangered Species Act. It is a full-fledged bulldozer run-ning over the top of the poor protec-tions for the salmon. This is a terrible precedent for Con-gress because each time an industry is threatened, there will be those who will point to this precedent and say: Look, when the almond farmers were threatened because they didn’t have enough water in the Central Valley, we gave them permission to destroy the salmon. So when something else is threatened, let’s give permission to run over some other aspect of the Endan-gered Species Act or some other aspect of the biological opinion. This is an un-acceptable precedent for anyone who cares about the balance between our commerce and the diversity of species in our States and other competing in-dustries. This is not just almonds against the survival of a species; it is almonds against 20,000 fishermen who depend upon the salmon runs that will be so grievously impacted by this bill. So I encourage folks to read it. Read the fact that it lays out specific in-structions that require the maximizing of water beyond the highest levels al-ready existing within a biological opin-ion. This is wrong. I will be opposing closing debate on this bill because this air-dropped provi-sion did not go through the House side, and it did not go through the Senate side. It sets a precedent that should be fully debated in committee. The Amer-ican people should have a chance to re-spond and know about this air-dropped provision—an attack on the Pacific salmon—before this Chamber votes on this bill. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
THE 114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, the day after the election I said that we had two main priorities for this postelection session of the Senate: Pass the 21st Century Cures bill and fund the government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.093 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6993 December 9, 2016 
We passed the Cures bill already, and we will be voting shortly to keep the government running. Soon after that vote, we will pass the bipartisan water resources bill, which directs assistance to families in Flint and supports im-portant waterways projects in nearly every one of our States. It is testament to the hard work of so many and Chair-man I
NHOFE , in particular. Under the leadership of Chairman M
CCAIN, this week we also passed the Defense authorization conference re-port, which addresses many of the na-tional security challenges facing our country. I would also like to point out that the Cures bill, which passed ear-lier this week, simply would not have happened without Chairman L
AMAR  A
LEXANDER . And it is impossible to overlook the unending, unyielding work of Senator M
URKOWSKI on the En-ergy bill, as well, or our indispensable Finance Committee chairman, Senator H
ATCH , who has been involved in al-most every bill from the doc fix to the tax extenders that come through this Chamber. I would like to note the great work of the Appropriations Committee, specifi-cally for its efforts to ensure that indi-vidual bills and an omnibus were pre-pared for consideration. We know they have been putting in long hours, espe-cially this week, and for that we are certainly thankful. This Congress, the Senate has passed nearly 300 bills, and nearly 200 of those are now law. But what really matters isn’t the number of bills passed; it is what we can achieve on behalf of the American people, and by that standard, I am incredibly proud of what we have been able to accomplish for our coun-try. Over the past week I have had the op-portunity to pay tribute to many col-leagues who have made such a lasting impact on the Senate during their ten-ure. But as the 114th Congress comes to a close, I would like to take a moment to recognize another set of individuals whose work makes the business of the Senate possible in the first place. It goes without saying that keeping the Capitol running is a vast under-taking. It requires a passion for serv-ice, round-the-clock work, and great sacrifice by everyone employed. The legislative process simply wouldn’t be possible without the dedicated work of so many. On behalf of the Senate, I would like to acknowledge their efforts and say thank you to the following: To my leadership team for their wise counsel; to our committee chairs and ranking members for so much great work over the past 2 years; to the many, many colleagues in both parties for working so hard to make this Sen-ate a success; and, to those we are say-ing farewell to—Senators C
OATS , B
OXER , MIKULSKI , REID, VITTER , KIRK, and A
YOTTE —for your service to our country, I say thank you. To my chiefs of staff, Sharon Soderstrom and Brian McGuire, for their indisputable talent and for lead-ing a team that is second to none, every member of which I would thank individually if I could, I say thank you. To the floor staff, Laura Dove and Gary Myrick and their teams, for keep-ing the floor running, for running it smoothly, and for making it look ef-fortless every single time—even though we know it is anything but; to the Par-liamentarians and clerks who sit on the dais whenever the Senate is in ses-sion, making sure our operations are smooth and by the book; to the Sec-retary of the Senate and her team for protecting the rich history of this body and for overseeing so many different legislative and administrative oper-ations, I say thank you to all of these folks. Off the Senate floor there are so many more to thank too: the Capitol Police, for putting themselves in harm’s way to protect everyone who works in or visits this institution; the Sergeant at Arms staff for overseeing a dizzying range of efforts—from setting up rooms and enacting security proto-cols to preparing for next year’s inau-guration; the Architect of the Capitol staff, which is always hard at work making the Capitol the best it can be— from the conservation of these illus-trious hallways to the extensive res-toration of the Capitol dome; and to literally countless others: the door-keepers, the legal counsels, the com-mittees and their staff, the pages, and all those whom I have not mentioned, we appreciate what you do. Please know that your service and your dedi-cation does not go unnoticed. Let me also again recognize the Democratic leader for his more than three decades of service. As I said yes-terday, HARRY and I clearly have had some different views on many things throughout the years, but we have shared similar responsibilities as the leaders of our respective parties, and I think we can both agree that none of this would have been possible without the support of our staff. I want to rec-ognize H
ARRY ’s team, past and present, and thank them for many years of partnership with my office. We now turn the page on one Con-gress and get ready to write a new story in a different one. I am proud of the work this Repub-lican-led Senate has done the past 2 years. My colleagues should be proud of their work as well. It has been incred-ible to see what we have been able to achieve already. We know our work doesn’t end here, though, and I know each of us is eager to get started in the 115th Congress. For now, I want to thank my colleagues for a productive Congress, and I want to wish each of you a happy holiday season and a happy New Year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I rise for a final time as the vice chair of the Appropriations Committee. To-night, as we get ready to vote, these will be the last votes I will cast in the U.S. Senate. The ones we do today and possibly tomorrow will write my final chapter as a voting Member of the U.S. Senate. I am very proud to be the first woman and the first Marylander to chair the Appropriations Committee. I am going to thank my fellow members of the Appropriations Committee and especially Chairman COCHRAN , who has been my friend and ally on moving these bills forward. I wish to also express a special thanks to my colleague and partner on the Commerce-Justice Subcommittee, Chairman R
ICHARD SHELBY , for his steadfast advocacy for the important needs facing this country. The Appropriations Committee is a problem-solving committee. Our mark-ups are vigorous and rigorous, but at the end of the day, we do try to find compromise without capitulating on our principles. That is why I wish I was standing here today presenting the Senate with a full-year funding bill in-stead of a temporary bill through April 28. Throughout the year, I have come to the floor seeking additional funding for fighting heroin and opioid abuse, help-ing the people of Flint, MI, and also dealing with the Zika response treat-ment. I am happy to report to my col-leagues the Zika bill did pass in Sep-tember, and this continuing resolution would have done all three. This bill includes important needs for our country. First of all, it meets our national security needs. There is fund-ing in here for our troops overseas and money to enhance humanitarian relief and also very crucial needs related to embassy security. There are also other needs facing the people, and this goes to the disaster relief for victims of floods and Hurricane Matthew. While we are looking at the disasters of floods and hurricanes, there is also help for Flint, MI—$170 million, subject to authorization. We also looked at the other chal-lenges facing our communities. One of the things we see is the big challenge of opioid abuse. I have heard it in my State and from my Republican Gov-ernor. I know the Presiding Officer has heard it in the great State of Iowa, and this terrible scourge and challenge knows no party, nor any geography, and we have an important downpay-ment in fighting that with $500 million. Also in the Cures Act, there is money to deal with the dreaded ‘‘c’’ word, can-cer. With the advocacy of the Vice President and again working across the aisle and across the dome, we have come up with something called the Cancer Moonshot. In other words, if we could send someone to the Moon and return them safely, as our beloved John Glenn pioneered, then we can also have a Moonshot to find a cure for can-cer. I am so pleased that as we wrap up our time here that that is there, al-though I am disappointed the funding for Flint is subject to authorization in the Water Resources Development Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.095 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6994 December 9, 2016 
and that the extension of the miners’ health benefit lasts only through April 30. I believe promises made should be promises kept, and the miners deserve permanent extension of these benefits. I also support Senator M
ANCHIN ’s ef-forts on his behalf. I am disappointed our Republican colleagues wrote the CR behind closed doors and that we began to have to fight between coal miners versus Flint, MI, and others, pitting one group against another. I hope we can have a different approach in the next Con-gress. I will not be here, but I am here now as we try to finish this work. We hear a lot of Washington words, words that people don’t understand— CR, stopgap, shutdown. I want to talk about what appropriations are, not in the technical bills but saying that we fund government doesn’t mean any-thing. It means that we tried to find solutions, we tried to make sure we stood up for national security, that we promoted economic growth, and that we met compelling human needs and invested in what we as a nation value. This appropriations bill does pay for our troops in the field and the people back home to make sure they have the equipment and supplies they need to do their job. It also supports diplomacy, our Foreign Service Officers, and also our foreign aid to make sure we meet compelling human needs in our own country and around the world. It does fund the Homeland Security, while at the same time looking out for our Coast Guard, clearing the ice and keeping our ports open. It is the FBI, and here we make a downpayment on the new, much needed FBI facility to meet the new changes they have— fighting domestic terrorism and cyber security. We all want to put people back to work. That is why the Appropriations Committee does make investments in transportation because we know trans-portation not only moves goods and cargo, but it provides good jobs today: airports, seaports, roads, bridges, tran-sit, and rail. To develop new ideas, we need to con-tinue to lead the way. That is why we have made major efforts in innovation: in energy, agriculture, weather, cli-mate, and astronomy. I am not going to sound like an accountant. I am ready to give an accounting to the peo-ple of Maryland, to this Nation about how we are spending their money. We want to spend the money to give the people of Flint safe drinking water, give people treatment to kick their prescription drug habit, to find cures for disease from cancer, Alzheimer’s, and I am proud of the resources we pro-vide to make our communities better and safer. I am proud of my service as the Democratic leader of the Appropria-tions Committee. I am proud to have worked with my colleagues. I have the best subcommittee chairs or rankings that anyone could have. We have an ex-cellent staff, and we have all tried to work together. Today, as I bring this bill—the con-tinuing resolution before the Senate—I say to you, I ask you to vote for the continuing resolution. It has parity for defense and nondefense. It doesn’t have poison pill riders, and it has additional money for Flint, heroin, and opioid abuse. This continuing resolution ac-complishes the goals we set out for this year. I am sorry that it only funds the government to April. This is my last set of votes. I hope you vote for the continuing resolution, and I hope in March, with the good work of Senator L
EAHY , who will then be the Democratic vice chair of the Ap-propriations Committee, working with Senator C
OCHRAN , who is so able and so skilled and yet such a man of principle, you will be able to arrive at a full-year funding for the Appropriations Com-mittee. I do hope in the next Congress we do return to regular order. This com-mittee is capable of it if the Senate is capable of it. In other battles, I have always said to my colleagues, and you know this when I have said to the women of the Senate: Let’s put our lip-stick on, square our shoulders, and get out there and fight. As we get here to vote on this con-tinuing resolution, my final sets of votes, I want the people of Maryland to know and the people of America to know, I have my lipstick on, my shoul-ders are squared, and I am ready to get out there and vote, and although this will be my last fight in the U.S. Sen-ate, it will not be my last fight to help America be the great country it is. God bless you, God bless this honor-able body, and God bless the United States of America. Madam President, I yield the floor. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I yield back time on our side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, the time is yielded back. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028, an act making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, Orrin G. Hatch, Johnny Isakson, John Cor-nyn, Thad Cochran, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, John Hoeven, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, John Thune, Daniel Coats, Marco Rubio, Roy Blunt. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028 shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 61, nays 38, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 160 Leg.] YEAS—61 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cardin Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heinrich Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Leahy McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—38 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Coons Cruz Durbin Franken Gillibrand Graham Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Paul Portman Reid Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Warner Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cotton 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 61, the nays are 38. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer falls. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 5139 
WITHDRAWN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the motion to concur with further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that there now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided before a vote on adoption. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.097 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6995 December 9, 2016 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, what we are doing here is we are cutting defense spending, we are increasing nondefense spending, and we are locking in the le-gitimacy of the nondefense spending according to the Budget Control Act. So what we are doing by passing a con-tinuing resolution is putting in seques-tration again, while even reducing de-fense spending. In the words of the four uniformed chiefs of our military, you are—and I quote them directly—‘‘putting the lives of the men and women serving this Nation in uniform at greater risk’’—at greater risk. You are putting the lives of the men and women who are serving in the military at greater risk because we want to get out of here for Christmas. Shame on you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. For tonight’s schedule, we hope to have the WRDA vote around midnight, and we will seek to get a limited time agreement during the vote that is about to occur. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 63, nays 36, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 161 Leg.] YEAS—63 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Cornyn Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Grassley Hatch Heinrich Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Markey McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—36 
Booker Boxer Brown Carper Casey Coons Corker Crapo Cruz Durbin Flake Franken Gillibrand Graham Heitkamp Heller Hirono Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Paul Perdue Reid Risch Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Warner Warren Wyden NOT VOTING—1 
Cotton 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-tion of all colleagues, I think we are headed toward completion here. There-fore, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 80 minutes of debate on the House message to accompany S. 612; that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the cloture motion with respect to the House message. I further ask that if cloture is invoked, all time postcloture be considered expired, the motion to concur with further amendment then be withdrawn, and the Senate vote on the motion to concur in the House amendment. I further ask that fol-lowing adoption of the House message, H. Con Res. 183 be considered and agreed to. Further, I ask that 60 min-utes be under the control of Senator B
OXER or her designee and that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Reserving the right to object, I am not going to object, but you said 80 minutes. Who has the other—the reason I am asking is, I didn’t know if I needed to yield time to the other side, which I prefer not to since you have your own time, right? That is fine with me. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I modify that to designate 20 minutes under the control of Senator I
NHOFE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Let me say that hopefully the 80 minutes will not be used. Hopefully, much of it will be yielded back. A lot has already been said. The night is late, but if all the time is used, it is going to occur around 12:30 a.m. 
f 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will resume consideration of the House message to accompany S. 612, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany S. 612, a bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse.’’ Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with McCon-nell amendment No. 5144, to change the en-actment date. McConnell amendment No. 5145 (to amend-ment No. 5144), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with in-structions, McConnell amendment No. 5146, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5147 (the in-structions (amendment No. 5146) of the mo-tion to refer), of a perfecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 5148 (to amend-ment No. 5147), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I want to say to my friends, this is my last moment on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I already gave my farewell, and I thought that was the end of it. I find myself filibustering my own bill, which is really a bizarre way to end my ca-reer here. As I said, I always came in defending the environment, and I guess I will go out the door in the same way. I feel that this is something I have to do. The Water Resources Development Act is a beautiful bill. We are going to be voting on it. But, very sadly, at the last minute, a midnight rider was added in the House by K
EVIN MCCAR-
THY, which essentially, according to every fishing group in my State—and I mean every single fishing group and every single fishing group on the west coast, and that covers Oregon, Wash-ington, California—is a major threat to their livelihood, to their future. As everybody talks about the mes-sage of this election being the protec-tion of hard-working people, here we have a rider that is slipped in. No one even saw it but 2 hours before, and it turns out that the water the fishermen need to have a thriving business is going to be diverted away from them and done in such a way that it goes against the Endangered Species Act. You will hear people stand up and say: No, it is not true. There is a sav-ings clause; we say no way. The fact is, when you dictate what kind of oper-ations you are going to have in terms of moving water and you say you shall move this water and the other side has to prove it is dangerous, everybody knows where this is going. Everybody knows it is going to be impossible to save the salmon. Here we have the salmon fisheries on the west coast up in arms. Here we have a rider that doesn’t even belong in the Environment and Public Works Committee. It should have been dis-cussed with the Energy Committee. It is out of order. The question is, Are we going to vote for a beautiful bill? I just said today that I got more things in here for Cali-fornia than I probably should even talk about because I got so much. There are 26 different provisions for my State, from Lake Tahoe to the Salton Sea, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.100 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6996 December 9, 2016 
from the L.A. River to the Sacramento Flood Control, to Orange County, to the Inland Empire. The entire State benefits from this bill, and here I stand saying to vote no, but it is because I think we have no right to put this kind of language in at the last minute and destroy an entire industry. It is not right. In addition, this particular rider takes away the right of Congress to au-thorize dams in all of the Western States. So, people, understand what this does. K
EVIN MCCARTHY , I guess, doesn’t trust the Members of Congress to authorize new dams and says the President—whoever it is because this bill lasts 5 years—can determine where to put a dam. I don’t get it. Don’t we trust each other to hold hearings and decide these issues? This is what the rider does; it is dev-astating to the fishery. Every environ-mental group that I know of is strong-ly against it. This vote is being rated by the League of Conservation Voters, and there are chills running up and down the spine of the fishing industry. I have never seen so many editorials against any rider. They have asked me: Please, please bring this down. I am not naive, and I know votes. I know how cynical this whole thing is. Here we have a rider that does not be-long on this bill. The jurisdiction was the Energy Committee. They weren’t consulted. This rider never had a hear-ing, never saw the light of day, and was stuck on a bill that I have worked on for about 2 years. It is a beautiful bill, a terrible rider. For me to stand here, in the last breath as a Senator—not in life, I feel very strong, but as a Senator—to say to people that I worked so hard on this bill with Senator I
NHOFE , it is a beau-tiful bill; vote no on cloture. It is al-most like an out-of-body experience for me, but still, I am asking you to do that. What is going to happen next year? What are they going to hold hostage next year? The people of Flint? No one worked harder for the people of Flint than M
ARIA CANTWELL and B ARBARA  B
OXER . We held up our bills until they were taken care of. We have a beautiful WRDA bill. It is not perfect, I admit it, but it is excel-lent. It will create a lot of jobs, and it will make sure that our water infra-structure is up to date. It has eco-system restoration. By the way, it has a lot of drought-related, important au-thorizations for desalination, water re-charging, water recycling, high tech-nology to bring more water to really take care of the drought. It has it in the base bill. All of that is in the base bill. And in the dead of night comes a midnight rider, and there it sits. It is wrong. It is absolutely wrong. It is very late. We are all very tired. I am very grateful that M
ARIA CANT-
WELL and I, J EFF MERKLEY and R ON W
YDEN were able to have some time earlier in the day to present the facts, but we wanted to go over it one more time. I know Senator CANTWELL has laryngitis and is struggling with her voice, but at this time I would like to yield to her as much time as she might consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, as my colleague said, I definitely have a voice challenge so I am not going to speak long. I do want to join my col-league in urging Members of the Sen-ate to vote no on this legislation. As she just described, it is a bill that has some great attributes, but it has one major fatal flaw, and that fatal flaw is that the U.S. Senate is being asked tonight to negotiate and decide a water settlement for the State of Cali-fornia that has been fought over, liti-gated, and is still in discussion of how to resolve it in a balanced way among all of the interests, not just in Cali-fornia but in the region. Oh, no, be-cause someone has a mighty pen and can in the House of Representatives drop an earmark of over half a billion dollars into a bill as a poison pill—I think the newspapers had it right: Stop the midnight rider. How ironic that it is almost midnight, and we are going to be voting on such legislation. My colleagues who bring us decided- upon water agreements that have been worked out and want us to bless them so that the agencies can fund them—I have no problems with that. We have tried to move similar legislation in regular order, but this is usurping the individuals who are trying to balance water and fish and river rights and community issues and regional issues and saying that we are going to kill fish as a way to balance the water and drought of the future. If we are going to decide to kill fish tonight for Cali-fornia, for Delta almond growers, are you going to show up tomorrow and say let’s kill northwest salmon because someone else in California wants our water? I can tell you the answer to that is hell no; we are not going to let you attack northwest salmon for Cali-fornia water. It is not going to happen. To our colleagues who are facing the same issue in Arizona, which didn’t get a fair hearing, or our colleagues from Florida, Alabama, or in a dispute with Georgia, tonight is about whether you are going to say we are going to have collaborative stewardship to solve our water issues or whether we are going to let the interest of political groups come and lobby here and have us decide based on poison pill riders. Our colleagues over here are frus-trated that the other side of the aisle would never live up to a Flint agree-ment, and the consequence is they are cynical enough to put Flint in this bill as a way to get votes for something they know they should not bring to the floor of the U.S. Senate. And to boot, they think the only bill I could come up with to get this deal passed is one in which individual Members have indi-vidual projects that are important to clean water in their States, and that is how they are going to get this poison pill rider passed. It is no surprise that within 24 hours of this passing the House, the L.A. Times editorialized it as a bad deal. The San Jose Mercury News calls it a sellout. The San Francisco Chronicle says stop the rider. Do not think for 1 second that people are not watching because they are watching. The unfor-tunate situation for everyone involved who wants water is this. You are going to get litigation. You are going to get litigation because you cannot do water deals this way. For the San Joaquin, which argued and litigated for 18 years and then came to the table, this is the same sit-uation. You are not going to get water for your growers, you are going to get litigation. As a country that has al-ready spent billions of dollars dealing with drought—and I have news for you, we are going to be spending more be-cause the climate is going to continue to change. This is an issue whose day has come to the United States Senate. It is not going to go away. We can deal with it in regular order, we can deal with it without jamming people with earmarks, and we can deal with it without giving away a sweet-heart deal to the builders of dams. Oh, yes. I forgot to mention, the bill au-thorizes dams to be built in 17 States without any further action by us as a body. I hope you don’t have a river in your State where you would like to see the wild and scenic nature of it or go trout fishing because it may not be there if it is all dammed up due to this legislation. I hope our colleagues realize the way to solve our drought problems is to work together in a fair and open man-ner, a manner in which everyone can see the transparency and not the dark of night at midnight right before we adjourn for the rest of the year. We will not solve these problems nor will we provide the collaborative steward-ship this issue needs. Instead, we are going to put a cynical stamp of a polit-ical gamesmanship on an issue that is important to every community in the West. I thank the Presiding Officer and the Senator from California. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, how much time do we have remaining on our inside? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 45 minutes. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I call on Senator M
ERKLEY for as much time as he wishes. Before M
ARIA CANTWELL leaves the floor, who is suffering mightily from laryngitis, I have another editorial hot off the press from the Los Angeles Times: ‘‘A water deal that’s bad for California’s environment.’’ I can’t tell you how proud this makes me because this means, essentially, every major paper in my State that has really 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.102 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6997 December 9, 2016 
stayed out of this is going in. This is a very long editorial. I will save my com-ments on it until later. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to have the Los Angeles Times editorial printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Dec. 9, 2016] A W
ATER DEALTHAT’SBAD FOR CALIFORNIA ’S E
NVIRONMENT  (By the LA Times Editorial Board) There is much for Southern Californians to like in departing U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer’s final bill—to authorize federal water projects—including funding to restore the Los Angeles River and to pay for various water storage and groundwater efforts. And then there are the provisions Boxer’s colleague and fellow California Democrat, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, negotiated with Re-publicans and their supporters in San Joa-quin Valley’s agriculture industry to squeeze more usable water from the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta for farmers in drought years. At issue in the delta and the rivers that feed it are the rules that govern when and how much water can be diverted for farms and homes instead of being allow to keep flowing through rivers and into the delta to protect endangered salmon. California’s two senators have long ap-proached water issues from different angles but generally managed to agree. Not this time. When Feinstein and Republicans in-serted their provisions in Boxer’s bill late last week, Boxer threatened to scuttle the whole package. She said the delta provisions would undermine the Endangered Species Act and could irreparably damage the state’s salmon and the thousands of jobs that de-pend on the Pacific salmon fishery, not just off California’s coast, but off Oregon’s and Washington’s as well. Environmentalists have balked at the Feinstein proposal, just as they opposed a drought bill she proposed earlier this year. That measure also was aimed at making delta rules more flexible to keep water flow-ing to farms during periods in which it argu-ably wasn’t needed for fish. Notwithstanding the concerns, that bill was a prudent com-promise and might have been acceptable had it been an end-point—part of a grand bargain between the various factions to end the long- running California water wars. So the question now is whether the new provisions that Feinstein has brokered with Republicans are appreciably different from her earlier version, or whether cir-cumstances have changed enough to warrant endangering the entire bill and all the fund-ing it allocates to badly needed water projects. Circumstances certainly changed with the election of Donald Trump and the climate- change-denying, environmentally challenged cabinet members he is considering or has al-ready appointed. Although the bill’s rules governing when delta pumps can operate and how water must be managed are technical and subject to interpretation, they grant Trump’s secretaries of Commerce and Inte-rior an important role in determining when to divert less and leave more for endangered fish and the environment. That sort of dis-cretion might have been tolerable if en-trusted to cabinet members of an environ-mentally responsible administration, but it must be seen in a different light with a White House with a decidedly different ap-proach to the environment. An internal memo from the current White House also notes that since Feinstein’s ear-lier bill, populations of endangered salmon and smelt have significantly declined. Even the current program of scientific findings may be insufficient to protect the fish as re-quired under the Endangered Species Act. The regrettable conclusion must be that the so-called drought provisions are unac-ceptable. The proposed drought-year legisla-tion would appear to be directly at odds with current, laudable efforts by the State Water Resources Control Board to ensure the pres-ence of enough water in the lower San Joa-quin River—close to the delta pumps—to sus-tain migrating salmon, which are not merely another fish but integral to California’s ecol-ogy, culture and history. All that aside, Feinstein’s effort to add some flexibility to delta rules to provide more water for farms and urban areas in times of drought—despite serious concerns that they could weaken species protection— might still be worth the risk if they were part of a final compact between environ-mental and agricultural interests on delta water. But there is still no final compact, no grand bargain, and in fact the recent elec-tion has only emboldened Republicans who are targeting the Endangered Species Act. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of Bakersfield and other members of Congress who represent the San Joaquin Valley have made it clear that they intend to press fur-ther to divert more Sacramento and San Joaquin river water to agricultural use rath-er than letting it flow into the sea to sustain the state’s increasingly fragile environment. The drought language, negotiated in private and inserted into Boxer’s bill at close to the last minute, would embolden them further if adopted. Let’s hope that Kamala Harris, Boxer’s successor, has been paying attention and is prepared to stand up for California’s increasingly fragile environment. 
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I yield such time as he may consume to Senator M
ERKLEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, what is at issue here? The core issue is whether we raid the waters of Northern California to provide additional water to the farmers of the Central Valley and in so doing whether we wipe out the salmon which provides jobs for 20,000 fishermen. It is a powerful piece of our economy, a piece of our history, and a piece of our soul. That is what is at issue here—whether we drain these rivers. It has been said there is nothing in this bill that changes how the biologi-cal opinions will be applied or the En-dangered Species Act will be applied, and that simply is not the case. I will walk you through the three core provi-sions that are in this bill. The first is section 4001. What it does is set up a pilot project, and that pilot project allows circumvention to bio-logical opinions to open up the delta cross-channel gates. What does that mean? It means when the salmon are returning from the ocean to spawn, these gates are kept closed so the salm-on do spawn and continue the cycle of life and productivity, but instead this says no and this pilot project will open the gates and then the salmon get di-verted from going up the river. They don’t spawn, it doesn’t continue, and then it says, we will go ahead and study the impact on the salmon. That is measure No. 1 that bypasses the En-dangered Species Act. The second provision, 4002, says the Bill Jones and Harvey Banks Southern Delta Pumping Plants must operate at the very highest level of the spectrum of the biological opinion. The way these biological opinions work is they say we need to operate somewhere be-tween here and here, and then as the scientists observe what is going on, the amount is adjusted. What this section says is, no, we are not going to operate the normal way, we are going to insist in this bill that you must operate at the highest level, disregarding the sci-entific information on the impact on the salmon and on the smelt. That is provision No. 2. Then they get to the one that is really the biggest shocker, 4003. This says the Secretary of Inte-rior and the Secretary of Commerce, through an operations plan, may oper-ate at levels—get this—that result in the Old and Middle River flows more negative than the most negative re-verse flow prescribed by biological opinion. Have you ever heard of negative river flow? What does that mean? It means water doesn’t flow downstream. It means so much water is drained that the remaining water in the river kind of flows upstream at the point it is being diverted. This says that in the range that is allowed by the biological opinion, the Secretary of Commerce or Interior can take even more, way out-side the ban authorized by biological opinion. Mrs. BOXER. The Senate is not in order. I can’t hear. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. Mr. MERKLEY. This is clearly a pro-vision that goes completely against the normal framework of a biological opin-ion, and, indeed, that is not the whole part of 4003. It goes on to say that this section shall not affect the biological opinion unless the Secretary of Com-merce finds such applicable require-ments may be adjusted. It basically says the Secretary of Commerce can violate the biological opinion. How clear can that get? Then it continues even further, and it says: Water trans-fers exclusively through the State water project are not required to be consistent with section (a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. Well, of course you are wondering what that part of the act is, and that part of the act is one that says you can’t violate the fish and wildlife obli-gations in the process of pumping water. OK. That is wiped out by this. Clearly, case after case after case, this bill is a raid on the water of Northern California to basically pump it through in violation of biological opinions and in violation of the Endangered Species Act, and it is an assault on 20,000 fish-ermen and fisherwomen. That is what is wrong with this airdropped provision that never went through the com-mittee in the Senate, and it didn’t get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.104 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6998 December 9, 2016 
to the floor of the Senate. We didn’t have it offered as an amendment on the floor and have a vote and debate on this floor. It didn’t go through the House. It wasn’t debated there. It was airdropped in on a conference com-mittee. Water is a precious resource, and this pits the salmon industry against the Central Valley farmers and says we are ruling for one over the other by vio-lating the biological opinions nec-essary for the salmon and the smelt to survive. That is just wrong. It says something else. It says the power of this body to authorize dams is being wiped out because no authoriza-tion is needed anymore by this body. Now, a colleague came to the floor and said, well, not really because the Sen-ate would still have to provide some funds in an appropriations bill, but we all know how appropriation bills work. They are massive. They come out of conference at the last second. There are little things tucked in there. Tak-ing away the process of an authoriza-tion debate on the merits of a dam nul-lifies the role of this body in imple-menting smart decisions about whether dams make sense or don’t make sense under a particular set of conditions. Some make sense, some don’t, and that is why we come through and we have an authorizing discussion. This guts that. This is a terrible precedent for legis-lation that will come in the future, and it is terrible at this moment for the damage to the water in these upper riv-ers that actually flow backward and is authorized by this bill. It is a terrible provision for the salmon that 20,000 fishermen and fisherwomen depend on, and it is a terrible precedent for every other ecological discussion. That is why every major newspaper in Cali-fornia has written an editorial saying: Don’t do this. Don’t do this, says the Mercury News editorial board. They proceed to say it ‘‘would gut environ-mental protections and have dev-astating long-term effects on the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin Delta’s eco-system.’’ It says this last-minute, closed-door provision ‘‘allows max-imum pumping of water from the Delta to the Central Valley and eliminates important congressional oversight over building dams . . . dramatically roll back the Endangered Species Act . . . perhaps paving the way for its repeal . . . or gutting.’’ It says: ‘‘We’re not sure whether the Republican sweep in November means Americans no longer care about clean air and water, but we’re about to find out. In the interim, the Senate and if necessary president need to protect the Delta. . . . ‘’ That is what the Mercury said. The Los Angeles Times editorial says: ‘‘A water deal that’s bad for Cali-fornia’s environment,’’ and it goes on. It says: ‘‘The regrettable conclusion must be that the so-called drought pro-visions are unacceptable.’’ It notes that ‘‘the proposed drought-year legis-lation would appear to be directly at odds with current, laudable efforts by the State Water Resources Control Board to ensure the presence of enough water in the lower San Joaquin River— close to the delta pumps—to sustain migrating salmon, which are not mere-ly another fish but integral to Califor-nia’s ecology, culture, and history’’ and certainly to Oregon’s ecology, cul-ture, and history. We have the San Francisco Chron-icle, which is simply entitled: ‘‘Stop . . . water-bill rider.’’ It proceeds to conclude, after a couple of extensive analyses, it says: 
Drought and warming temperatures . . . are tipping off mass extinction of the species in the San Francisco Bay and its estuary. We have to work to share water among people, farms and the environment of California— not try to benefit one interest with a mid-night rider. 
Here we are 15 minutes from mid-night. Multiple provisions raid the water, changing the status quo that has been carefully worked out with bio-logical opinions. Multiple newspapers say it is just wrong so let’s take a mo-ment and say let’s cut this provision out of this bill. Let’s put this bill on hold until it is gotten rid of because it is wrong to have an airdropped provision on a chal-lenge of maintaining a viable salmon industry debated on a midnight rider. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I want to thank the Senator from Or-egon very much. He gets it. We are united on this. We hope our colleagues hear our plea that if we can get rid of this rider, we will have a magnificent bill that was worked on by so many: my friend J
IMINHOFE , myself, Senator M
ERKLEY in the committee, Senator F
ISCHER —a beautiful bill. Why? Be-cause we worked together. The bill had hearings, saw the light of day. Then literally, literally at the last second, a special interest rider was added. I know this was not the work of the Senate. I love my colleagues here. They did not want this done. It was done. Once it was done, we have to make a decision. You know, before I yield to R
ON W
YDEN , what I want to say is, if you ask people on the street ‘‘Why do you give Congress such low marks?’’ people don’t like us here. I personally think this is a noble profession. I am so blessed to have a chance to make life better for people. All of us feel that way. But why don’t people really ap-preciate our work? One of the reasons is they put unrelated matters on at the last second, as M
ARIA CANTWELL said, simply because they can. This is a bill which is so wonderful for the country. Now they make it so controversial and so difficult for Mem-bers to choose. Look at my situation. I have 26 provisions in here for my State. It is magnificent for my people. But yet and still, this rider threatens the entire fishing industry of my State and thousands of jobs all up and down the west coast. For people like my friends from Michigan—they know how hard I worked. They know how hard MARIA C
ANTWELL worked to fix the problem in Flint, to replace those pipes. Yet it is in this bill. So it makes it even more cynical that such a thing was added at the end and force people to choose be-tween helping the people of Flint and preserving the tens of thousand of fish-erman jobs. This is not right. This is ridiculous and not necessary. If Mr. M
CCARTHY is so powerful, why does he just not introduce the bill as freestanding legislation next year and let it go? But, no, it had to be done on this bill. Why? Because he could do it. I tell you, if he reads the newspaper ar-ticles and op-eds that are in every paper in my State, from Republican areas, from Democratic areas, he is not that well thought of for this. It was a big mistake. At this time, I want to yield to my colleague and friend, who, with Sen-ator M
ERKLEY , has been an outstanding voice protecting the fishing industry in his State and the beauty of his State, R
ONWYDEN . Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague. I would be happy to yield to our col-league from Oklahoma. 
f 
REMOVAL OF INJUNCTIONS OF SE-CRECY—TREATY DOCUMENT NOS. 114–13, 114–14, AND 114–15 Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the injunction of secrecy be removed from the fol-lowing treaties transmitted to the Sen-ate on December 9, 2016, by the Presi-dent of the United States: The Treaties with the Republic of Kiribati and the Government of the Federated States of Micronesia on the Delimitation of Mar-itime Boundaries, Treaty Document No. 114–13; the Arms Trade Treaty, Treaty Document No. 114–14; and United Nations Convention on Trans-parency in Treaty-Based Investor- State Arbitration, Treaty Document No. 114–15. I further ask that the trea-ties be considered as having been read the first time; that they be referred, with accompanying papers, to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations and or-dered to be printed; and that the Presi-dent’s messages be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The messages of the President are as follows: To the Senate of the United States: I transmit herewith, for the advice and consent of the Senate to their rati-fication, two bilateral maritime bound-ary treaties: the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimita-tion of Maritime Boundaries, signed at Majuro on September 6, 2013; and the Treaty between the Government of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.105 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6999 December 9, 2016 
United States of America and the Gov-ernment of the Federated States of Mi-cronesia on the Delimitation of a Mari-time Boundary, signed at Koror on Au-gust 1, 2014. I also transmit, for the in-formation of the Senate, the report of the Department of State with respect to the treaties. The purpose of the treaties is to es-tablish our maritime boundaries in the South Pacific Ocean with two neigh-boring countries. The treaty with Kiribati establishes three maritime boundaries totaling approximately 1,260 nautical miles in length between Kiribati and the United States islands of Palmyra Atoll, Kingman Reef, Jar-vis Island, and Baker Island. The trea-ty with the Federated States of Micro-nesia establishes a single maritime boundary of approximately 447 nautical miles in length between the Microne-sian islands and the United States ter-ritory of Guam. The boundaries define the limit within which each country may exercise maritime jurisdiction with respect to its exclusive economic zone and continental shelf. I believe these treaties to be fully in the interest of the United States. They reflect the tradition of cooperation and close ties with Kiribati and with the Federated States of Micronesia in this region. These boundaries have never been disputed, and the delimitation in the treaties conforms closely to the limits the United States has long as-serted for our exclusive economic zone in the relevant areas. I recommend that the Senate give early and favorable consideration to the treaties, and give its advice and consent to ratification. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 9, 2016. 
To the Senate of the United States: With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, subject to certain declarations and understandings set forth in the en-closed report, I transmit herewith the Arms Trade Treaty, done at New York on April 2, 2013, and signed by the United States on September 25, 2013. I also transmit, for the information of the Senate, the report of the Secretary of State with respect to the Treaty, which contains a detailed article-by-ar-ticle analysis of the Treaty. The Treaty is designed to regulate the international trade in conventional arms—including small arms, tanks, combat aircraft, and warships—and to reduce the risk that international arms transfers will be used to commit atroc-ities, without impeding the legitimate arms trade. It will contribute to inter-national peace and security, will strengthen the legitimate inter-national trade in conventional arms, and is fully consistent with rights of U.S. citizens (including those secured by the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution). United States national control systems and practices to regu-late the international transfer of con-ventional arms already meet or exceed the requirements of the Treaty, and no further legislation is necessary to com-ply with the Treaty. A key goal of the Treaty is to persuade other States to adopt national control systems for the international transfer of conventional arms that are closer to our own high standards. By providing a basis for insisting that other countries improve national control systems for the international transfer of conventional arms, the Treaty will help reduce the risk that international transfers of specific con-ventional arms and items will be abused to carry out the world’s worst crimes, including genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. It will be an important foundational tool in ongoing efforts to prevent the illicit proliferation of conventional weapons around the world, which creates insta-bility and supports some of the world’s most violent regimes, terrorists, and criminals. The Treaty commits States Parties to establish and maintain a na-tional system for the international transfer of conventional arms and to implement provisions of the Treaty that establish common international standards for conducting the inter-national trade in conventional arms in a responsible manner. The Treaty is an important first step in bringing other countries up towards our own high na-tional standards that already meet or exceed those of the Treaty. The Treaty will strengthen our secu-rity without undermining legitimate international trade in conventional arms. The Treaty reflects the realities of the global nature of the defense sup-ply chain in today’s world. It will ben-efit U.S. companies by requiring States Parties to apply a common set of standards in regulating the defense trade, which establishes a more level playing field for U.S. industry. Indus-try also will benefit from the inter-national transparency required by the Treaty, allowing U.S. industry to be better informed in advance of the na-tional regulations of countries with which it is engaged in trade. This will provide U.S. industry with a clearer view of the international trading arena, fostering its ability to make more competitive and responsible busi-ness decisions based on more refined strategic analyses of the risks, includ-ing risks of possible diversion or poten-tial gaps in accountability for inter-national arms transfers, and the asso-ciated mitigation measures to reduce such risks in a given market. The Treaty explicitly reaffirms the sovereign right of each country to de-cide for itself, pursuant to its own con-stitutional and legal system, how to deal with conventional arms that are traded exclusively within its borders. It also recognizes that legitimate pur-poses and interests exist for both indi-viduals and governments to own, trans-fer, and use conventional arms. The Treaty is fully consistent with the do-mestic rights of U.S. citizens, including those guaranteed under the U.S. Con-stitution. I recommend that the Senate give early and favorable consideration to the Treaty, and that it give its advice and consent to ratification of the Trea-ty, subject to the understandings and declarations set forth in the accom-panying report. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 9, 2016. 
To the Senate of the United States: With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, subject to certain reservations, I transmit herewith the United Nations Convention on Transparency in Treaty- Based Investor-State Arbitration (Con-vention), done at New York on Decem-ber 10, 2014. The report of the Secretary of State, which includes an overview of the Convention, is enclosed for the in-formation of the Senate. The Convention requires the applica-tion of the modern transparency meas-ures contained in the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Transparency Rules to certain investor-state arbitrations occurring under international invest-ment agreements concluded before April 2014, including under the invest-ment chapters of U.S. free trade agree-ments and U.S. bilateral investment treaties. These transparency measures include publication of various key doc-uments from the arbitration pro-ceeding, opening of hearings to the public, and permitting non-disputing parties and other interested third per-sons to make submissions to the tri-bunal. As the UNCITRAL Transparency Rules by their terms automatically apply to arbitrations commenced under international investment agreements concluded on or after April 1, 2014, and that use the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules (unless the parties to such agree-ments agree otherwise), there is no need for the Convention to apply to international investment agreements concluded after that date. Transparency in investor-state arbi-tration is vital, given that govern-mental measures of interest to the broader public can be the subject mat-ter of the proceedings. The United States has long been a leader in pro-moting transparency in investor-state arbitration, and the 11 most recently concluded U.S. international invest-ment agreements that contain inves-tor-state arbitration already provide for modern transparency measures similar to those made applicable by the Convention. However, 41 older U.S. international investment agreements lack all or some of the transparency measures. Should the United States be-come a party, the Convention would re-quire the transparency measures to apply to arbitrations under U.S. inter-national investment agreements con-cluded before April 2014, to the extent that other parties to those agreements also join the Convention and to the ex-tent the United States and such other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.021 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7000 December 9, 2016 
parties do not take reservations re-garding such arbitrations. The Conven-tion would also require the trans-parency measures to apply in investor- state arbitrations under those agree-ments when the United States is the respondent and the claimants consent to their application, even if the claim-ants are not from a party to the Con-vention. The United States was a central par-ticipant in the negotiation of the Con-vention in the UNCITRAL. Ratifica-tion by the United States can be ex-pected to encourage other countries to become parties to the Convention. The Convention would not require any im-plementing legislation. I recommend, therefore, that the Senate give early and favorable consid-eration to the Convention and give its advice and consent to ratification by the United States, subject to certain reservations. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 9, 2016. 
f 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, reclaim-ing my time, I can’t help but note the irony that Senator B
OXER , who has done so much to protect special places in California and around our country and who at the same time has consist-ently worked with our colleague from Oklahoma, Senator I
NHOFE , on infra-structure—that here they are, after once again coming together—and ev-erybody practically slaps their fore-head: How in the world can Senator B
OXER and Senator I NHOFE keep com-ing together on all of these kinds of issues? It is because they are real legis-lators. They are people who don’t just throw out press releases, they write legislation. It is hard. It is a heavy lift. This bill was not easy. To think that Senator B
OXER is here on the last night of her time in public service, after she has protected all of these special places and then worked with Senator I
NHOFE  on infrastructure, and we are still faced with this one last hurdle. I have seen a lot of ironies in the Senate. This is just about as dramatic an irony as I have seen. To me, we have had wonderful state-ments. My colleague from Oregon laid out very clearly how this rider would compromise good science. That is what this is about. Senator M
ERKLEY , who knows much more about these sub-jects, frankly, than I do, went through the biological opinions one by one, the key sections. But the bottom line is, it is compromising good science. For us in Oregon, you have a water infrastructure bill that is designed to provide support to places like the beau-tiful Oregon coast. My wife and I were married at Haystack Rock, right in front of the rock, one of the prettiest places on the Oregon coast. Our friend from Michigan has visited the Oregon coast. This is one of the great Amer-ican treasures, the Oregon coast and Haystack Rock. Senator BOXER and Senator I NHOFE  came up with this terrific bill to pro-vide support to places such as the Or-egon coast, where my wife and I were married. You have to say: What is a bill that is designed to provide support for special places really mean when it does not do a whole lot of good if there is no salmon in the ocean, no fishing families or fishing boats in the ports, and no fish at the dinner table? That, colleagues, is what this is really all about. Now, as far as the infrastructure is concerned, Senator M
ERKLEY has led this in Oregon and has done terrific work to protect the displaced tribes to ensure that they would have a better quality of life. I think I have already summed it up. You can’t have big-league quality of life with little-league infrastructure. So this legislation ensures that we are going to have that kind of infrastruc-ture. Particularly in rural and coastal Oregon, it would be a huge benefit. But at a time when the Oregon coastal communities need as much help as they can get, the provision that my colleagues—Senator B
OXER , Senator C
ANTWELL , and Merkley—have been talking about deals with drought and really threatens to do just the opposite of providing the help these commu-nities need. I think that the provision my col-leagues have been talking about in ef-fect threatens the very viability of the west coast fishing industry and has lit-erally put so many of the good provi-sions in this bill at risk. Senator M
ERKLEY went into a fair amount of detail—and very elo-quently—about the specifics in the drought provisions, so what I would like to do is just highlight a little bit of what I have heard from fishing fami-lies on the Oregon coast and what they are concerned about. Their big concern is that this drought provision basically maximizes water delivery to agribusiness without adequate safeguards for the fisheries that depend on that water. By preauthorizing a number of dams across the entire west coast without additional Congressional oversight, it basically turns years of policy with re-spect to dams on its head. We know those issues are tough. We have been dealing with them as west-erners for years. But the way we deal with them is collaboratively. That is how Senator B
OXER has managed to protect all of these special places. That is how she has managed to work with Senator I
NHOFE to promote infrastruc-ture at the same time—because we work collaboratively. That is sure not the case here be-cause all of these small fisheries and the fishing families don’t feel they have been consulted. They make a very good case that this really gives the up-coming administration the authority to determine whether or not salmon is being harmed by maximizing water de-livery to big agribusiness. Water issues for us in the West are never a walk in the park; I think we all understand that. I want to commend our other colleague from California for her hard work. She has put in a tre-mendous amount of time. I can tell col-leagues that she has spoken with me again and again on this issue in order to get an agreement on drought that helps California. Suffice it to say that Senator MERKLEY and I know our State is no stranger to water challenges, if you just think about the amount of time we spent on the Klamath and the whole host of issues around our State. But, as I touched on, you have to have every-body at the table. It has to be collabo-rative. This rider we have been discussing is not a product of compromise. A small west coast industry has been left out of the discussions because the deck was stacked in favor of these very large ag-ribusinesses. Even though those hard- working families in small coastal com-munities know that a healthy stock of salmon is a lifeline, these stakeholders in the debate not only got short shrift, their voice really was not heard much at all. So I am going to close by way of say-ing that we don’t think this rider is just about water and agriculture in California; this is going to put at risk the salmon fishing industry up and down the Pacific coast. The drought provision, in my view, threatens to un-dermine bedrock environment laws like the Endangered Species Act. We have already touched on the power it would give the new administration to override critical environmental laws. But if you are not from the North-west, we have talked—Senator C
ANT-
WELL has described so thoughtfully what the stakes are. They are enor-mous for us in the Pacific Northwest. But no matter how many times the sponsors say they don’t think this sets a precedent, I think this is going to be pointed too often in the days ahead as we go forward in this present form as an argument for doing the same sort of thing elsewhere. I and my northwest colleagues have heard a lot from concerned west coast fishery groups and coastal business owners over the last few days. I am very hopeful—I know we are going to vote here in a bit—that the position my colleagues have outlined against this proposal in its current form is sup-ported here in the Senate. I thank my colleague for her terrific work on this. We have been in public life now a pretty good stretch of time in both the Senate and the House. This is an area, particularly, where Senator B
OXER has shown something that I think is going to stand the test of time—the ability to protect special places, the treasures we want our kids and our grandkids to go to. Scarlett 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.023 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7001 December 9, 2016 
Willa Wyden, not 4, is my daughter. We are older parents. She has the brightest red hair on the planet. She is going to be able to enjoy some special places be-cause of the work Senator B
OXER has done. She has protected those special places while at the same time defying most of what the political observers thought was impossible by teaming up with Senator I
NHOFE on infrastructure projects that have paid off so tremen-dously in terms of jobs and quality of life. So it is possible to do this right, but this drought provision doesn’t do it. I am very hopeful that the work my colleagues have done will be supported in the Senate. I thank my colleague for our years and years of friendship. Mrs. BOXER. I thank my friend so much. Madam President, how much time remains for us? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has 20 minutes remaining. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I am going to speak for a little while and then reserve the remainder. I say to Senator W
YDEN , thank you for your words. I also wish to explain why it was im-portant to take the time at this late hour. We are all exhausted. We must make this case, and I will tell you why—not only for the history books, but for the courthouse. There is no way that this position is not going to be litigated. That is the tragedy of it, because as my friends know and has been said by all of us, when it comes to water, you need to have everybody around the table. This provision doesn’t do a thing to end the doubt. Let’s be clear. All it does is take water away from the fish-ermen and give it to agribusiness. You know, that doesn’t help add any water. My colleague from California who has worked so hard on this has had some very good language in there about desalinization and about water recharging, but we have that in the base bill. It is already in the base bill. For the first time, Senator I
NHOFE  and I—and, oh, how I will miss him— made sure we had provisions in the bill that dealt with the drought. We reau-thorized the desal program in the United States of America. We have a new program to give funds for new technologies. We have talked about conservation, water recharging, and underground storage, which my friend Maria talked about. It is in the base bill. So to call this rider about the drought is a mis-nomer. It is about killing off the fish-ing industry so ag can have more water. That is not doing anything to help. I think a lot of what this election was about, as we look at it, was which candidate really spoke to the hopes and dreams of people who work every day. If we really care about the miners, then we vote against the continuing resolution that turns its back on the miners’ widows, and a lot of us did. On this, it breaks my heart to say this, but filibustering against my own bill is ridiculous. It is an out-of-body experience. It is kind of Shake-spearean. I don’t know if it is tragedy, comedy, or what, but it is unbelievable. What a situation. My last moments in the Senate I am spending against a bill that I carry in my heart. It is a beau-tiful bill. Yet when are we going to stand up against this kind of blackmail. I don’t care whether it comes from a Democrat or a Republican, frankly, and it was not the work of anyone in the Senate. I say to my friends on the Republican side: I don’t blame you for this in any way, shape, or form. You did not do this to me, to us, and to the salmon fisherman. You did not. It was done by a House Member who represents Big Agriculture, and he did it because he could. When are we going to stand up and say no? My colleague ELIZABETH WARREN was speaking about this, and she said some-thing to the effect—I am not quoting her exactly right: You take a beautiful piece of legislation, you add a pile of dirt on it, and then you stick a little Maraschino cherry on the top—whether it is Flint, or whatever it is. Then you put people in a horrible position. So I know this vote may not go the way we want. I have hope that it would. But I understand why it might not. But when are we going to stand and say this is wrong? We have a chance to do it tonight and send a mes-sage to everyone. This isn’t the way to legislate. This is why people can’t stand Congress, with 17 percent ap-proval. If you ask them, do you think it is right to add an unrelated rider in the middle of the night on a bill that has been worked on for 2 years—and, by the way, it is not even in the jurisdic-tion, Senator I
NHOFE , of our com-mittee. It is in the jurisdiction of the Energy Committee of Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI and Senator C ANTWELL . It is awful. I say to everyone who is in a Western State—not just west coast but Western States, between 11 and 17 States, de-pending on how you look at it: The next President of the United States and the one after will have the ability to say: We are building a dam right over here and cut out Congress. Congress has no authority to stop it. It is just incredible. Why would that be done? Why is there that insult to the Members of Congress to take that away? We already don’t do earmarks. That is a whole other issue. We are not supposed to anyway. But this is an-other way to say: Oh, just give it to the executive branch. They will decide where to put dams. I don’t know about your experience, but we have had pro-posals in our State where people want-ed to put dams right on an earthquake fault. It took a series of hearings to bring that point to light. Now there won’t be any hearings be-cause President Trump and whoever the next President is—because this bill lasts 5 years—will say: You know what, my business interests think it will be good to build a dam right over here, and who cares about the consequences. Look, we know where the people are, the people in my State who really care. Every single major newspaper, every fishery organization—they are fright-ened. Then when they run them out, they will have more water, and they won’t have to fight with them—Big Ag. They will just take the water. That is not right. I represent all of the people, and I have said for a long time that we must resolve these issues together. It is es-sential. I am going to call on Senator MURRAY , but I want to say that every environmental group in the country opposes this. The League of Conserva-tion Voters is scoring this, and the De-fenders of Wildlife. Trout Unlimited is not a partisan organization. They are recreational fishermen. They are going: Wait a minute; this is a disaster. Environmental entrepreneurs, business people, and very successful business leaders say: Don’t do this. I am sad. My consolation is that if we lose this, my State is going to get a lot of provisions. Good for them. I am happy. I worked hard for it. But you know what, this is wrong. The reason I wanted to make this record and why I asked my colleagues to please speak is that I want this record to show up in court. This defi-nitely is going to wind up in court, and I want them to hear that Senator B
OXER said this was clearly a special interest provision and at the last minute to simply destroy the fishing industry—the jobs—so that Big Ag could get what they wanted. This is not right, and it is a frontal assault on the Endangered Species Act, just over-riding every position. We all know that under the Endangered Species Act, we saved the American bald eagle, the great sea turtle, and the California condor—the most magnificent crea-tures of God. We never would have been able to save them if we had similar lan-guage that said that regardless of whether the scientists say there are only three or four pairs of these crea-tures left, we have decided it is a prob-lem for the economy. We are going to just not worry about them. We never would have saved any of these—God’s creatures. We talk a lot here about God, of our commitment to all of humankind and all of God’s creations. We don’t have the right to do this. That is why I wanted the time. It wasn’t just to hear myself talk. I already gave my farewell speech. That was long enough. I al-ready gave my second speech today. I didn’t expect to. Now this is my last one. Madam President, how much time do we have remaining? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has 10 minutes remaining. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I yield to Senator M
URRAY for 7 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.108 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7002 December 9, 2016 
Mrs. MURRAY. I thank my col-league. Madam President, I thank my col-leagues from the west coast for the amazing job of pointing out the egre-gious nature of this poison pill amend-ment that was added to this very crit-ical bill. We are here tonight after mid-night talking about the Water Re-sources Development Act. It is a bill that addresses water resource projects and policies that are very important to our economic development and the en-vironmental welfare of communities in my State and across the Nation. I was proud to work closely with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to craft this bipartisan WRDA bill. I thank the Senator from California for her tremendous work, listening to all of us, incorporating our ideas and mak-ing sure this reflected all of the needs of our States. I personally fought for critical provisions in this bill impor-tant to Washington State, making sure our Columbia Basin tribes have an op-portunity to give their descendants— the ancient ones—a proper burial and a final resting place. I thank my col-league for putting that in this bill and for keeping our ports competitive, which is extremely important in the Pacific Northwest in our global mari-time economy, and making sure our workforce is strong. I am proud it ad-dresses the needs of Flint, MI—and I see my colleagues from Michigan here tonight—communities that have been dealing with lead in their drinking water. This was a good bill. It was a good bill. But as you have heard, at the last minute, a poison pill rider concerning California water management, in the face of a long-running drought, turned another bipartisan bill into a very—as you have heard—contentious, divisive bill. It is a bill that is especially prob-lematic for our west coast States. I thank my colleague from Wash-ington, Senator C
ANTWELL , who has fought diligently, worked hard to get us to where we are, and now has had to turn against this bill because she knows the long-term consequences of this. This was a provision that was added very late. There were no hear-ings. There was no agreement. It wasn’t included in either the House or Senate versions of this bill, and then there was this backroom deal that set new precedent and undermined the En-dangered Species Act. It reduces con-gressional oversight of water projects in our Western States and could harm our commercial, our recreational, and our tribal salmon fisheries along the entire west coast. Environmental and conservation groups and west coast industries are very opposed to this last-minute back-room deal. I wanted to be here tonight to stand with my colleagues from the west coast. I will vote against this bill tonight because of the inclusion of this last-minute rider, and I urge our col-leagues to stand with us as well. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I re-tain the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I have listened to the words from the other side. I have respect for them and their thoughts. I don’t agree with them. But I wish to share a couple of things with the Senate. First of all, people need to under-stand what we went through on this bill. There were 2 years of work. It has been a long, involved time for all of us. Particularly, we had Mr. Jackson, Mr. Herrgott, Susan Bodine. These are ex-perts in different areas. She is the water expert. Charles Brittingham has been crucial to this becoming law; he knows that end of it. The Corps oper-ations—Charles Brittingham knows more about the Corps operations and worked tirelessly. These guys worked for several hours on this thing for many, many weeks. Byron Brown nego-tiated the coal ash. The coal ash issue is a huge issue. The States have been wanting this for a long period of time. It was a compromise, and everyone was happy with it. I wish to thank Jennie Wright, An-drew Neely, Andrew Harding, Carter Vella, Amanda Hall, Devin Barrett, and Joe Brown. And from Senator BOXER ’s staff, I don’t think we could have got-ten this done without the long hours of Jason Albritton and others from her staff, like Ted Ilston. The CBO staff came in and they worked very hard on this. Aurora Swanson was always available. I thank the Senate legisla-tive counsel, including Deanna Edwards, Maureen Contreni, and Gary Endicott. We have a lot of people involved in this. I don’t want people to think this is just another bill that came along and it is time for it to be considered. We could have done this a long time ago. We weren’t quite ready. It took time for all of us to get together, and I think it is important. We have heard others talk about one major provision in the bill, and I wish to address that in a moment, but we should stop and think about what is in this. We have 30 new navigation, flood con-trol, and environmental restoration projects and modify 8 existing projects based on reports submitted to Congress by the Secretary of the Army. These projects support our Nation’s economic competitiveness and well-being by deepening nationally significant ports. Everyone here knows which ones we are talking about. The bill also includes ecosystem res-toration in the Florida Everglades, which will fix Lake Okeechobee and stop the algae blooms on the Florida coasts. The bill includes ongoing flood con-trol and navigation safety in the Ham-ilton City project—that is in Cali-fornia—and the Rio de Flag project in Arizona. It includes programs that will help small and disadvantaged communities provide safe drinking water and will help communities address drinking water emergencies like the one facing the city of Flint, MI. The bill includes the Gold King Mine. The people in California, and certainly Senators GARDNER , B ENNET , and U
DALL , spent a lot of time on it. It is in this bill. The bill includes the rehabilitation of high hazard potential dams. This section of the bill authorizes FEMA as-sistance to States to rehabilitate the unsafe dams. This is significant. There are 14,724 what they call high hazard potential dams in the United States. That means that if a dam fails, lives are at stake. The program will prevent loss of lives. We have talked about this on the floor. That is significant—14,726. The WRDA bill is bipartisan and will play a critical role in addressing prob-lems facing the communities. I want to make sure everybody un-derstands how long we have been talk-ing about the Flint, MI, tragedy. We have been talking about it for a long time. It is in here. The solution is in here. The bill we just passed, that is an appropriation, but the authorization has to be there. I would say this: Since I am looking across at the two Sen-ators from Michigan, I know they are concerned with this. We have to under-stand that without this authorization, this bill, there would be no Flint relief, none whatsoever. I will yield some time to either of the two Senators from Michigan—Senator S
TABENOW —for any comments she wants to make about this. But I hope she understands, as I yield time that she would be requesting, that without this bill, there is nothing for Flint. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Thank you very much. First, I wish to thank the chair-man of EPW for his very hard work on behalf of the 100,000 people in the city of Flint and his incredible staff, all of his staff who have been following this. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  a list of all of the staff. I want to make sure they are in the R
ECORD so we can properly thank all of them. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Approps Vice Chair Barbara Mikulski: Chuck Kieffer, Staff Director, Melissa Zim-merman, Interior Approps; EPW Ranking Member Barbara Boxer: Bettina Poirier, Staff Director, Jason Albritton, Senior Advi-sor; EPW Chair Inhofe: Alex Hergott, Deputy Staff Director, Susan Bodine, Chief Counsel; Gary Peters: David Wineburg, LD, Bentley Johnson, LA; Chuck Schumer: Gerry Petrella; Debbie Stabenow: Matt VanKuiken, Kim Corbin, Aaron Suntag. 
Ms. STABENOW. This is, on the one hand, a very important time where we finally are saying to the people we have been fighting for, for over a year: We see you, we hear you, and we are going to be able to get something done 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.109 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7003 December 9, 2016 
so you can turn the faucet on and actu-ally have clean, safe water come out of the faucet. We all take that for grant-ed. I have to say it is also bittersweet, though, when I look to my colleagues, Senator B
OXER and Senator C ANTWELL , who have spent more time working than anyone else I have worked with, other than working with Senator I
NHOFE and his staff. They have worked so hard to help us get to this point, only to find us in this situation be-cause of what the House did, where we can’t all be unified. It is something I feel very sad about and regret deeply. Senator M
URKOWSKI and Senator C
ANTWELL were very instrumental in spending hours and hours early on in the year trying to get something done as it related to the Energy bill. I regret that the Energy bill is not part of what is being done by the end of this year. The Democratic leader, the majority leader, certainly Senator P
ETERS , and I have been fighting together for a year and beyond in terms of what the people of Flint need. But I want to say just one thing to really focus on this. There are many needs, there are many issues, but there are people whose health is literally permanently damaged; 9,000 children under the age of 6 who have been so ex-posed to lead that they may not have the opportunity to have a healthy, full life, where they can focus in the future as they otherwise would, because of de-velopmental concerns. So we have peo-ple who are in a crisis situation. This bill needs to get passed for them. They have waited and waited while other things have been done the entire year. It is time for them to stop having to wait. This is the opportunity for us to ac-tually take an entire city—no place else in the country is there an entire city that has not been able to use their water system because of fear of lead poisoning. That is what is happening in this community. And this bill author-izes funding to be able to fix that and give them the dignity we all take for granted of safe drinking water. Thank you. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, re-claiming my time, let me just say that I saw the other Senator from Michigan nodding with approval and agreement. So this can happen, and that is why it is in here. I have to say to both Sen-ators from Michigan—and we on this side worked very closely together to make this happen. That wasn’t really easy. But now there is an agreement, and I think that is a very important part of this. Let me mention one of the things the Senator from Oregon made some com-ments about, about Senator B
OXER and me, the things we have done together, and we have. It does show, though, that we can disagree, but that doesn’t change my feelings about Senator B
OXER . I want to conclude just by saying something that I don’t think people have heard. They talk about the drought provision as if something evil put that together. Well, the White House put it together. It was drafted by the U.S. Department of the Interior and the U.S. Department of Commerce. The savings clause—we have spoken about that. According to the White House, the savings clause prohibits any Federal agency under any administra-tion from taking any action that would violate any environmental law, includ-ing the Endangered Species Act and the biological opinions. Don’t take my word for it; just ask Senator FEINSTEIN . We talked about this on the floor. This was put together by those De-partments, and the savings clause that is there is strong. And according to them—not to me; I actually don’t know that much about it, but they do be-cause this is their area of specialty— they say this prevents any type of ac-tion. With that, I reserve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator there California. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I love my colleague. However, the White House strongly opposes this rider, and we have it in clear writing. They issued that notice. They didn’t issue a veto because, as Senator S
TABENOW points out, they are torn. But let’s be clear. All we have to do is strip this poison pill and we have a gorgeous bill that saves Flint, that helps us all, where we can smile and I can leave here with a really nice lift in my step rather than leaving here sad that we are threatening a magnificent historical industry called the fishing industry, where people go out and work for their families on little boats, some of them big boats. So what we are say-ing is we have no choice; we have to swallow this poison pill and, thank God, help the people of Flint, thank the Lord. God, we should have done that a long time ago. Oh my Lord, thank you, J
IMINHOFE , for your work on that. Thank you, D
EBBIE and G ARY and all the staff. But now we have a circumstance where we are saying yes to that and no to our entire industry on the entire west coast. And every single editorial in California, where— as my friend points out, the underlying bill—I have never gotten as much for California; I almost don’t want to say it—26 provisions, everything from Lake Tahoe to the Salton Sea, from the Sac-ramento River to the San Francisco Bay, to Orange County, the Inland Em-pire, Republican parts of my State, Democratic parts of my State, amazing work that was done. Yet, as we pass this, which we may because of the situation, I want every-one here to understand that there are people who are shivering and shaking because they know the water they need to support their livelihood is going to be diverted away. This isn’t a drought provision; this is taking water from one group that desperately needs it to sustain their business—the salmon fishery—and giving it to Big Agri-culture. We all need to come together. I rep-resent all of those interests, including urban users and rural users and subur-ban users and farmers and the fishery. As my friend MARIA CANTWELL pointed out when she had a voice this after-noon—she said: Can you really think about the long-range issue here, which is if you drive out the salmon fisher-men, they are gone, and then all the water can be taken away, and they won’t be there? It is so sad to do such a thing without a hearing—without a hearing. By the way, you can say anything. You can say you are saving anything. You can say it; it doesn’t mean it is true. So let me say for the court record—because this is going to go to a lawsuit immediately—if you are listen-ing and you are reading this, you can say anything. If you send a bomb over to another country and bomb the heck out of them and they say ‘‘Wait a minute, this is an act of war,’’ you can say ‘‘No, it isn’t. We said it wasn’t an act of war; we are just trying to teach you a lesson.’’ You can say anything. It is what you do that matters. And when you have operations language that says you must use so much water, the max-imum water, even though the biologi-cal opinion says that it will destroy the fishery, this is a real problem. I reserve the remainder of my time. Mr. INHOFE. I would inquire as to how much time remains. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma has 9 minutes re-maining; the Senator from California has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. INHOFE. Well, I just consulted with my staff. I know you believe in this or you wouldn’t have said it, but the adminis-tration cannot be opposed to this. As a matter of fact, the administration drafted this. Everyone liked the under-lying bill before the change was made, but then the Department of—and I will repeat this. ‘‘Section 4012 includes a savings clause—a savings clause written by the U.S. Department of Interior and Com-merce’’—that is the White House— ‘‘that ensures that the entire subtitle must be implemented in accordance with the Endangered Species Act, or the smelt and salmon biological opin-ions.’’ So I would just say, in response, they are the ones who drafted that. Here is a bill that everybody talked about—my friend from California and myself included and more than half the people. Then, when that provision was put in by those two departments, all of a sudden it is a bad bill. That is what I don’t understand and I don’t agree with. They are very emphatic in their paper that they wrote, with their opin-ions, putting this provision in. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I did not say this was a bad bill. I said this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.111 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7004 December 9, 2016 
is a beautiful bill with a bad rider dropped on us. That was what I was talking about, the bill that was placed on top of WRDA. It is awful. The White House said: We do not support the kinds of proposals that have been put forward to address the water resource issues in California right now. For every major newspaper in my State to come out—I don’t think we ever argue about this because it is a California issue, it is a west coast issue. If it doesn’t bother you, fine, but the bottom line is, a beautiful bill was hijacked, and it is going to result in the loss of the fishing industry. I can assure my friend, if you had a pro-posal—and you have had some—that threatened your oil industry, you are down there and I say: Fine, that is your job. It is my job to defend my fishing industry. So there is nothing anyone can tell me that changes my mind, even though this puts me in a tough, tough, tough spot because the rest of the bill is beautiful and I greatly enjoyed work-ing on it. But I know this stuff. Every single fishery organization opposes it. It is opposed strongly. Even Trout Un-limited—you know those folks. They don’t get involved that often. Every single major newspaper opposes it, every single environmental organiza-tion. The White House said: We do not support the kinds of proposals that have been put forward to address some of the water resource issues. Those are the facts. They are not subject to interpretation. So let’s be fair. We have a beautiful bill called WRDA. Standing on its own, it is one of my proudest accomplish-ments that I share with my chairman, but this rider did not belong in it. Our position is, bring this bill down, strip the rider. You will have agree-ment, you will have the bill, and we can all go home happily. I know that is a very heavy lift, but that is the ra-tionale. I hope when this thing gets to court—and it will get to court—that our words will be entered into the court record here. We know what we are talking about because we are from the West Coast. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mrs. BOXER. All right. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I am about to yield back my time, except to make one last comment. Everyone agrees it is a beautiful bill. They talk about the rider, but the rider came, not from someone else, it came from the Department of Commerce and the Department of the Interior, and that is the administration. So they are the ones that, I guess, made it into a bad bill, but nonetheless it is a good bill. It is one we all want, and I encour-age my colleagues to support it. Madam President, I yield back the remainder of my time. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to Calendar No. 65, S. 612, an act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house.’’ James M. Inhofe, Roger F. Wicker, Orrin G. Hatch, Johnny Isakson, John Cor-nyn, Thad Cochran, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, John Hoeven, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, John Thune, Daniel Coats, Marco Rubio, Mitch McConnell. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 612 shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 69, nays 30, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 162 Leg.] YEAS—69 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McConnell Menendez Mikulski Moran Murphy Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Scott Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—30 
Baldwin Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Durbin Flake Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono King Lee Markey McCain McCaskill Merkley Murkowski Murray Paul Reed Reid Sanders Sasse Schumer Sessions Shelby Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cotton 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 69, the nays are 30. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The motion to refer falls. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 5144 
WITHDRAWN  
Under the previous order, the motion to concur with an amendment is with-drawn. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR  
Under the previous order, the ques-tion occurs on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 612. Mr. RISCH. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 78, nays 21, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 163 Leg.] YEAS—78 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Scott Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—21 
Boxer Cantwell Durbin Flake Gillibrand Hirono Lee McCain Merkley Murray Paul Reed Reid Sanders Sasse Schumer Sessions Shelby Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cotton 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF THE BILL S. 612 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the clerk will re-port H. Con. Res. 183. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 183) directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 612. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.112 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7005 December 9, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the concurrent res-olution, H. Con. Res. 183, is considered and agreed to. The Senator from Arkansas. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JASTA Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to share some of my thoughts on an issue relating to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. Few dispute the noble goal of ensur-ing that justice is done for the families of the victims of September 11. Time after time, this body has acted to honor the memories of the fallen from that terrible day, just as it should. But in acting to honor the victims of Sep-tember 11 and the grieving families they left behind, we cannot lose sight of other crucial policy goals that enjoy broad bipartisan support, such as pre-serving important legal principles that protect the members of our Armed Forces and perpetuate strong relations with important allies. As an article in the December 6 edi-tion of the New York Times explains, there are ample concerns that indi-vidual citizens of a close U.S. ally have funded terrorist activities and may have assisted those who carried out the September 11 attacks. Despite the claim that this ally has taken any official action to support the September 11 attackers remains far from proven and, in fact, has been of great and instrumental assistance that this ally has provided in prosecuting the war on terrorism, questions do re-main. In response, the families of numerous September 11 victims looked to resolve these questions through the courts. Specifically, they sought a change to the law that greatly expands the abil-ity of a private individual to bring a suit in federal court against a sov-ereign nation. Heeding the calls for jus-tice from victims’ families, we recently enacted the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act law, and as a result, the scope of the legal principle known as sovereign immunity—here, the im-munity of a foreign government from a civil suit in our Federal courts—has been distinctly reduced. Again, there is nothing wrong with September 11 families seeking justice; in fact, I laud them for their commit-ment and perseverance, which is why I supported the passage of this legisla-tion at the time and still strongly sup-port its goals. Nevertheless, one of the consequences of the exact language of the new statute is that our important ally now faces the prospect of going through the extensive and intrusive discovery process in federal court. As a result, one of our closest partners in the war on terrorism could be ordered by a Federal judge to turn over some of their most sensitive documents in order to show that their official gov-ernments actions did not directly sup-port the September 11 attackers. In-deed, nothing in the recently declas-sified portions of the September 11 Commission Report suggests that our ally’s government leadership had any role in the attack. We must consider how the technical features of this change in the law will affect our national security. If we allow such lawsuits to proceed under the particulars of the newly enacted statutory language here in the United States, we undermine the central premise of our objection to other coun-tries that might seek to modify their sovereign immunity laws by permit-ting lawsuits against the United States. We could easily find ourselves at the mercy of a foreign justice sys-tem—one far different than our own—if someone filed suit in a foreign nation against the United States and de-manded that our government turn over highly classified documents. If our gov-ernment refused, that foreign court could potentially exact serious con-sequences, such as freezing American assets overseas. Worse yet, if other na-tions change their sovereign immunity laws, foreign courts could potentially begin to hold U.S. service members personally liable, both civilly and criminally, for actions they have based upon the lawful orders of their superi-ors. In sum, once we begin to unravel sov-ereign immunity at home, we risk cre-ating a cascade of unintended con-sequences abroad. These concerns are widely shared. In a recent op-ed in the Wall Street Jour-nal, former Attorney General Michael Mukasey and Ambassador John Bolton made those very same arguments. They also point out that the new law ‘‘shifts authority for a huge component of na-tional security from the politically ac-countable branches—the President and the Congress—to the Judiciary, the branch least competent to deal with international matters of life and death. In fact, I was particularly struck by the fact that the editorial boards of the New York Times, the Wall Street Jour-nal, the Washington Post, the Los An-geles Times, and Bloomberg have all raised serious and substantial concerns regarding the particulars of the new legislation. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that some of these edi-torials be printed in the R
ECORD fol-lowing my remarks. Not only do these editorial boards be-lieve this is not in the best interest of the United States, but so do our closest allies as well. Specifically, officials from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and the Netherlands have all written public messages or passed reso-lutions echoing these arguments. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a letter from the government of the Netherlands be printed in the RECORD following my remarks. Nevertheless, I do believe a solution can be found that provides justice for the September 11 families while en-hancing our national security. My opti-mism stems in no small part from the leaders involved. I understand Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM are working on just such a compromise, and I fully support their efforts to achieve a just resolution of this issue. Furthermore, we all owe Senator C
ORNYN a debt of gratitude for his leadership in ensuring that justice is done. I am also greatly encouraged that Senator S
CHUMER is leading the Democratic efforts on this matter. The role of the Senate is to resolve the great issues facing our Nation by forging lasting consensus. We have nu-merous such challenges in the past, and I fervently believe that building such a solution is possible. I urge all my colleagues to help us move toward this goal. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Sept. 28, 2016] T
HERISKS OF SUING THE SAUDIS FOR 9/11 (By the Editorial Board) The Senate and the House are expected to vote this week on whether to override Presi-dent Obama’s veto of a bill that would allow families of the victims of the Sept. 11 at-tacks to sue Saudi Arabia for any role it had in the terrorist operations. The lawmakers should let the veto stand. The legislation, called the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, would expand an exception to sovereign immunity, the legal principle that protects foreign countries and their diplomats from lawsuits in the Amer-ican legal system. While the aim—to give the families their day in court—is compas-sionate, the bill complicates the United States’ relationship with Saudi Arabia and could expose the American government, citi-zens and corporations to lawsuits abroad. Moreover, legal experts like Stephen Vladeck of the University of Texas School of Law and Jack Goldsmith of Harvard Law School doubt that the legislation would ac-tually achieve its goal. Co-sponsored by Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, and Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, the measure is intended to overcome a series of court rul-ings that have blocked all lawsuits filed by the 9/11 families against the Saudi govern-ment. The Senate passed the bill unani-mously in May, and the House gave its ap-proval this month. The legislation would, among other things, amend a 1976 law that grants other countries broad immunity from American lawsuits— unless the country is on the State Depart-ment’s list of state sponsors of terrorism (Iran, Sudan and Syria) or is alleged to have committed a terrorist attack that killed Americans on United States soil. The new bill would clarify that foreign governments can be held liable for aiding terrorist groups, even if that conduct occurred overseas. Advocates say the measure is narrowly drawn, but administration officials argue that it would apply much more broadly and result in retaliatory actions by other na-tions. The European Union has warned that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.195 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7006 December 9, 2016 
if the bill becomes law, other countries could adopt similar legislation defining their own exemptions to sovereign immunity. Because no country is more engaged in the world than the United States—with military bases, drone operations, intelligence missions and training programs—the Obama administra-tion fears that Americans could be subject to legal actions abroad. The legislation is motivated by a belief among the 9/11 families that Saudi Arabia played a role in the attacks, because 15 of the 19 hijackers, who were members of Al Qaeda, were Saudis. But the independent American commission that investigated the attacks found no evidence that the Saudi government or senior Saudi officials fi-nanced the terrorists. Proponents of the legislation cite two as-sassination cases in which legal claims were allowed against Chile and Taiwan. Adminis-tration officials, however, say that those cases alleged the direct involvement of for-eign government agents operating in the United States. The current debate is complicated by the fact that Saudi Arabia is a difficult ally, at odds with the United States over the Iran nuclear deal, a Saudi-led war in Yemen and the war in Syria. It is home of the fundamen-talist strand of Islam known as Wahhabism, which has inspired many of the extremists the United States is trying to defeat. But it is also a partner in combating terrorism. The legislation could damage this fraught rela-tionship. Riyadh has already threatened to withdraw billions of dollars in American- based assets to protect them from court ac-tion. The desire to assist the Sept. 11 families is understandable, and the bill is expected to become law. The question is, at what cost? 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Sept. 28, 2016] C
ONGRESS OVERRIDES OBAMA —TOOBADIT’S 
ON A BILLTHATWILLHURTU.S. I NTERESTS  Wouldn’t you know that Congress finally challenges President Obama on foreign pol-icy, and it’s in a bad cause that will harm U.S. interests. Too bad the President did so little to stop it. On Wednesday the Senate (97–1) and House (348–77) overrode Mr. Obama’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (Jasta) that will let victims of terrorism sue foreign governments linked to such attacks. Mr. Obama’s veto message rightly noted that this break from the diplomatic principle of sovereign immunity will take ‘‘consequen-tial decisions’’ about terrorism from Presi-dents and hand them to courts and private litigants. The law is supposed to help the families of those killed on 9/11 to pursue Saudi Arabia, the ultimate deep-pocket target. Never mind that there is no hard proof the Saudi govern-ment was complicit in those attacks. Or that Americans can already sue nations that are officially designated as state sponsors of ter-ror. This bill has no such limit, so all it takes is a trial lawyer to persuade a judge that a foreign government is liable and we’re off to the races. Lawyers will have endless fun sub-poenaing documents and testimony from the U.S. and foreign governments that will com-plicate American diplomacy and security. Supporters of the bill rejected any com-promise, including language that would limit lawsuits to 9/11 victims, which shows that the real game is to enrich the trial bar. The Saudis may now move to liquidate at least some of their U.S. holdings so they don’t become hostage to lawsuits, and some countries might retaliate against U.S. offi-cials. The blame is bipartisan. Democrats want another income stream for their trial-lawyer campaign funders, while Republicans stam-peded because no one wants to be seen as de-fending Saudi Arabia in an election year. We hope Republicans appreciate their hapless cynicism. They get the votes to override Mr. Obama for the first time, and it’s on a bill that could help make New York Democrat Chuck Schumer Senate Majority Leader. These are the same dime-store Metternichs who denounce Donald Trump for being reck-less, though Mr. Trump also endorsed the veto override. So did Hillary Clinton, who as a former Secretary of State knows better. The current Commander in Chief didn’t do much to help. While he vetoed the measure in the end, he did almost nothing along the way to rally opposition. Harry Reid was the only Senate Democrat to support the veto, and he’s not running for re-election. Mr. Obama expected the same Republicans he routinely portrays as evil to rescue him even as Mr. Schumer was waiting to ambush any Republicans who supported the Democratic President. White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the Senate vote ‘‘the single most em-barrassing thing’’ it has done in decades and said it was ‘‘an abdication of their basic re-sponsibilities.’’ But not nearly as embar-rassing as the junior-varsity effort by his boss, who made it easy for Congress to tram-ple him. [From the Washington Post, Sept. 15, 2016] S
HOULD WELET9/11 V ICTIMS SUESAUDI A
RABIA ? NOTSOFAST. (By Editorial Board) A BASIC precept of international law is that sovereign nations, or their government officials, should not be liable for official ac-tions in the civil courts of other sovereign nations. Sovereign immunity has stood the test of time because it makes practical sense. And it makes practical sense because the international deeds and misdeeds of gov-ernments are more equitably dealt with through state-to-state negotiations than by hauling one country’s officials in front of the judges and juries of another. Alas, the Senate and the House have unanimously voted to weaken this principle in the noble-sounding cause of justice for American victims of alleged state-sponsored acts of terrorism. The legislation, sparked by much-ballyhooed but so-far-unsubstantiated claims of official Saudi collusion in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, would permit victims of acts of terrorism in the United States to sue alleged state sponsors for monetary damages in federal court. Under current law, such suits are permissible only against govern-ments that the State Department has al-ready designated as sponsors of terrorism: Iran, Syria and Sudan. The bill would enable private individuals and their lawyers to add oil-rich Saudi Arabia, perhaps the ultimate deep-pocketed defendant, to that list. Some-day, other countries could find themselves in the dock, too. Proponents describe the bill as a ‘‘narrow’’ adjustment to existing law, and, to be sure, they have watered down more sweeping ear-lier versions in the face of veto threats from President Obama and criticism from inter-national-law and national-security experts. The revised bill allows the executive branch to freeze any given suit for 180 days, by certi-fying to a court that it is engaged in good- faith negotiations to resolve the plaintiff’s claims with the defendant nation. Such a stay could be extended for as long as the State Department certifies that the negotia-tions are still ongoing. As long as an admin-istration is willing to jump through these hoops, it could probably block an objection-able lawsuit indefinitely, which makes one wonder what the point of the bill is anymore. Note, however, that this would require the executive branch to conduct negotiations so it could make the certification, even if it didn’t think such talks were warranted. And the bill leaves it up to a court whether to grant the initial stay. This is still too much power to give unelected, inexpert judges over a core function of the political branches. In short, to the extent the revised bill isn’t merely symbolic, it’s mischievous. Mr. Obama has repeatedly called it a precedent other countries could easily turn against the United States. It is not a far-fetched con-cern, given this country’s global use of intel-ligence agents, Special Operations forces and drones, all of which could be construed as state-sponsored ‘‘terrorism’’ when conven-ient. Even if a future administration did suc-ceed in blocking a lawsuit, the mere filing of it could irritate the target country or coun-tries. Members of Congress have repeatedly claimed enough votes to override Mr. Obama’s veto threat, and they may be right. Mr. Obama should carry it out anyway. If long-standing principles of law and policy are to be discarded so lightly, at least let it be done without his approval. [From the Los Angeles Times] A
LLOWING AMERICANS TOSUEFOREIGN GOV-
ERNMENTS OVER TERRORIST ACTS MAY S
OUND LIKE A GOODIDEA. IT’SNOT (By LA Times Editorial Board) From an emotional standpoint, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act has some appeal. The bill, which is still being final-ized, aims to open U.S. courts to civil law-suits by Americans against foreign govern-ments tied to terror attacks in the United States. Though it would be written broadly enough to encompass all the countries in the world, the bill has a clear target: Saudi Ara-bia. Proponents say they want to allow fami-lies of the nearly 3,000 victims of the 9/11 at-tacks seek damages in court if proof emerges that the Saudi government supported the 19 al Qaeda hijackers, 15 of whom were Saudis. It may sound good, but it’s a bad idea. Saudi Arabia isn’t the most embraceable of U.S. allies. It executes people with abandon, including 47 in one day in January on charges ranging from involvement in terror attacks to disloyalty. The royal family’s re-pression of women—from its draconian dress codes to its requirement that women be ac-companied by male chaperones when leaving the house—offends basic concepts of human rights and equality, as does its practice of imprisoning dissidents. The government em-braces public flogging as punishment for some crimes, a judgment facing Palestinian poet Ashraf Fayadh, who has been sentenced to eight years in prison and 800 lashes. His offense? Apostasy, based on poems that the government said embraced atheism and spread ‘‘some destructive thoughts into soci-ety.’’ What’s more, the Saudis have close ties to deeply unsavory organizations. The bill cur-rently making its way through Congress was prompted, in part, by investigations showing that leading Saudis helped bankroll Al Qaeda, though the reports that have been re-leased so far have stopped short of linking Osama bin Laden’s terror group to the Saudi royal family or government. Speculation continues to swirl around 28 pages of an 838- page congressional report on the 9/11 attacks that were withheld as classified when the rest of the report was released in 2002. The Saudi government has denied any complicity in the attacks. The pages were ordered clas-sified by President George W. Bush, who said he feared their release would divulge sen-sitive investigative techniques. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.154 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7007 December 9, 2016 
The Obama administration has been re-viewing the 28 pages and reportedly will soon declassify some of them. It ought to release all of them. But regardless of the Saudi role in 9/11, it would be a big mistake to pass the bill, which would badly undercut the legal prin-ciple of ‘‘sovereign immunity.’’ Rooted in international law, sovereign immunity pro-tects governments from being held to ac-count in the courts of another country (with some narrow exceptions). Obviously, the downside of this is that it sometimes pro-tects bad governments from being punished for their policies and actions. But on the other hand, it also serves as needed protec-tion against trumped up or politicized pros-ecutions in courts around the world. And be warned: If Congress strips governments ev-erywhere of their protection in U.S. courts, those countries will almost certainly adopt similar policies against the U.S. That would lead to a mish-mash of legal challenges, claims of damages, and com-plicated international relations. Given the U.S. government’s disproportionate role in foreign affairs, the potential exposure such a measure would bring to the U.S. is ines-timable. Expect to see civil claims by vic-tims of collateral damage in military at-tacks, lawsuits by people caught up in the nation’s post–9/11 detention policies, includ-ing Guantanamo Bay, and challenges over atrocities committed by U.S.-backed Syrian rebels. Pretty much anywhere that U.S. poli-cies have led to damages, those who suffered could potentially seek redress in their own courts, jeopardizing American assets over-seas, where the rule of law sometimes is solid, but in other cases is a tool wielded for political purposes. Fearing its exposure in American courts, Saudi Arabia has already threatened to sell $750 billion in U.S. assets that it says would be at-risk if the proposed law goes into ef-fect. The 9/11 attacks were horrific, and the losses suffered by the victims’ families are incalculable. But the solution is not to open this Pandora’s Box. If the Saudi government is found to have supported the attacks, a res-olution should be reached through diplo-macy, nation to nation, not through indi-vidual claims in civil courts. 
[From Bloomberg, May 24, 2016] S
UING THE SAUDIS WOULD MAKE THE U.S. A L
EGAL TARGET  (By the Editorial Board) It’s not easy to defend an obscure legal doctrine against claims for justice from the victims of the worst terrorist attack ever to take place on U.S. soil. But doing so has be-come a necessity, since Congress has decided to rewrite U.S. law on sovereign immunity. Last week the Senate unanimously passed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which authorizes U.S. courts to hear civil claims for monetary damages against a foreign state accused of direct involvement in a terrorist act harming an American cit-izen in the U.S. Under current law, almost all foreign nations are immune from law-suits in U.S. courts. While the bill doesn’t name any particular country, it would enable the 9/11 families to sue Saudi Arabia. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers were Saudi citizens, and some officials and members of the royal family have long been accused of involvement in the plot. Despite its wide support, President Barack Obama has promised to veto the bill. A veto would be well deserved, and before members of Congress try to override it, they might want to consider the value of sov-ereign immunity—and the nation that bene-fits from it the most. (Hint: They represent it.) If other nations follow the Senate’s lead, no country would be a bigger, better, richer target for lawsuits than the U.S. In Cuba and Iran, in fact, courts have already issued bil-lions of dollars in judgments against Wash-ington. Changing U.S. law might give them and other nations so inclined a chance to ac-tually collect on such rulings. This potential legal liability would hang over the U.S. fight against global terrorism, and leave the government liable for actions by U.S. troops in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere. U.S. aid to Israel, for exam-ple, could leave it open to suits from Pal-estinians injured by Israeli troops. The en-tirety of U.S. foreign policy could be put on trial under the guise of seeking monetary justice. Acknowledging the importance of sov-ereign immunity does not require over-looking the Saudis’ role in the rise of Mus-lim extremism: They have spent decades and billions of dollars exporting their extremist Wahhabi version of Islam. Many Saudi char-ities and individuals have directly supported violent groups such as al-Qaeda. But the response to this activity properly resides in the realm of diplomacy and trade policy, not in court, It is a slow, uneven process, but change is possible—and there are signs that the Saudi ruling family real-izes this. No one can deny the right of the 9/11 fami-lies to truth and justice. They have already received billions from the victim compensa-tion fund established by Congress, and two separate government investigations spent years producing the 9/11 Commission report. A more productive exercise of congres-sional authority would focus on that re-port—specifically, the so-called ‘‘28 pages’’ from the initial 9/11 investigation that re-main under seal. Many of the victims’ fami-lies, as well as other Americans, want to know what is in those pages. Some lawmakers who have seen them say there is nothing damaging to national secu-rity in them and they should be released. Others, including members of the 9/11 Com-mission staff, say they are filled with hear-say implicating prominent Saudi citizens. A compromise is not hard to envision: Re-lease the pages, along with an explanation from the commission as to why the allega-tions don’t hold up. Such an agreement would also serve the cause of truth and jus-tice—without jeopardizing America’s moral and legal standing in the rest of the world. 
[From The Hill, Sept. 21, 2016] EU E
XPRESSES CONCERN OVER9/11 B ILL The European Union on Wednesday ex-pressed concern about the possible adoption by Congress of a bill that would allow U.S. citizens to sue Saudi Arabia over the 9/11 ter-rorist attacks. The Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), which has bipartisan support and passed both houses of Congress, would amend the federal criminal code to permit lawsuits against foreign states and officials believed to be involved in terrorist attacks. The White House is expected to veto it this week, arguing that the bill would lead to re-ciprocal lawsuits against U.S. citizens, but Congress is expected to attempt to override the veto. In a letter dated Sept. 19 obtained by The Hill, the EU said ‘‘the possible adop-tion and implementation of the JASTA would be in conflict with fundamental prin-ciples of international law and in particular the principle of State sovereign immunity.’’ ‘‘State immunity is a central pillar of the international legal order. Any derogation from the principle of immunity bears the in-herent danger of causing reciprocal action by other states and an erosion of the principle as such. The latter would put a burden on bi-lateral relations between states as well as on the international order,’’ the EU said. The passage of JASTA came after sus-picions that Saudi Arabia supported four of the 9/11 hijackers. Saudi Arabia has denied any support of the attack. [From The Telegraph, June 2016] W
HY A U.S. L AW TO LET9/11 F AMILIES SUE S
AUDI ARABIA IS A THREAT TO BRITAIN AND  
ITSINTELLIGENCE AGENCIES  (By Tom Tugendhatmp) The Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (Jasta) that is making its way through Congress is not intended as an attack on MI5 or MI6, services that work so closely with the U.S. intelligence community. The law was written with the intention of allowing U.S. victims of terrorism to bring lawsuits in American courts against the government of Saudi Arabia and other nations whose state bodies could be accused of offering a blind eye—and even a helping hand—to sponsors of terror. The Senate has already passed it, leading the Saudi government to threaten to sell the $750 billion in assets it holds in the U.S. Under the bill, U.S. citizens might sue the British government claiming a negligent lack of effort to tackle Islamic radicalism in earlier decades. Some in the U.S. already ac-cuse Britain of tolerating radical preachers in ‘‘Londonistan’’ during the Nineties, an ap-proach they say spawned terrorism. Saudi Arabia may be the target of the law, but it could also have serious unintended con-sequences for Britain. The act would expose the British govern-ment to the possibility of revealing the se-crets of intelligence operations in open court, or paying damages over alleged fail-ures to prevent terrorist attacks. Either out-come would put the special relationship under severe strain. Under the bill, U.S. citizens might sue the British government claiming a negligent lack of effort to tackle Islamic radicalism in earlier decades. Some in the US already ac-cuse Britain of tolerating radical preachers in ‘‘Londonistan’’ during the Nineties, an ap-proach they say spawned terrorism. Such critics cite cases such as the 2001 failed attack on an aircraft by Richard Reid, the shoe bomber. A petty criminal from Bromley and a Muslim convert, he was radicalised at the Finsbury Park Mosque which was known to the police and MI5 as a base for extremist preachers. A lawsuit brought under Jasta might force the UK government to reveal intelligence about the plot, why it failed to act and its reasons for doing so. Alternatively, Britain would have to agree a financial settlement. Either way, Britain’s reputation would be se-verely damaged. Modern diplomacy is based on an old con-cept, sovereign immunity, which Britain adopted in 1648. It prevents the courts of any nation being used to harass government offi-cials. The bill before Congress would see the U.S. abandon that principle. Foreign govern-ments, even friendly ones, would be exposed to the U.S. courts and the prospect of judi-cial extortion to avoid revealing secret intel-ligence. That can only lead to a cooling of relations and isolate the U.S. Dismissing cases brought under the new law would be harder, since the act also un-dermines the power of U.S. authorities to halt trials. Federal courts would no longer be able to rule on sovereign immunity pro-tections during a trial’s ‘‘motion to dismiss’’ stage. That would allow U.S. lawyers to ei-ther force foreign states to disclose sensitive information and extort settlements. There is a way to prevent the most dam-aging of cases. The U.S. president can invoke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.155 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7008 December 9, 2016 
a state secrets privilege to bar certain ‘‘dis-coveries’’ of sensitive information, even in private litigation. Under the current admin-istration, that may prove adequate protec-tion for an ally such as Britain. But given his disregard for international co-operation it seems reasonable to wonder whether a President Trump would ever invoke that legal privilege, even on behalf of an allied nation. The decision would be completely at his discretion. Such is the power of the presi-dency. The Obama White House and the State De-partment are strongly opposed to Jasta. They can see the potential for diplomatic damage. They also realise the potential for revenge prosecutions in foreign jurisdictions. The international banking system means that most of the world’s financial trans-actions are routed through computer servers in the U.S. If the U.S. allows lawsuits against foreign governments for complicity in terrorism, how long before a foreign court allows, case against the U.S. for negligence over terrorist financing? The Senate was mistaken to pass this bill and the House of Representatives should re-ject it. Sadly though, both Mr Trump and Hillary Clinton have said they would sign it. Doing so would weaken the U.S. and damage the special relationship. The world needs U.S. leadership and partnership. Jasta would only leave us all more isolated. f 
TRIBUTE TO HARRY REID Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to pray tribute to a selfless public servant, a committed leader, and a dear friend: Senator H
ARRY REID. Growing up in the small town of Searchlight, NV, Senator R
EIDwas no stranger to hardship. His father suf-fered from severe depression and his mother worked long hours as a laun-dress to help support their struggling family. The Reids lived in a tiny tin shack with no toilet or telephone. They had limited access to schools, healthcare, and the basic comforts of modern life. From his hardscrabble youth, H
ARRY  developed a fighting spirit that would later define his career in public service. That spirit was cultivated by his high school boxing coach, Mike O’Callaghan, who would later become Nevada’s 23rd Governor. More than a coach, O’Callaghan was a mentor. He taught Senator R
EIDhis first lessons in civics and raised H
ARRY ’s vision of what he could accomplish, encouraging him to pursue higher education and a life in politics. Senator R
EIDgraduated with a bach-elor’s degree in political science from Utah State University and would later earn a law degree from George Wash-ington University. While still a law student, Senator R
EIDworked nights as a U.S. Capitol Police officer to pay his way through school. Shortly after fin-ishing his law degree, he returned to Nevada where he began climbing the ladder of State politics. Senator R
EID served as a city attorney, a State as-semblyman, a Lieutenant Governor, a gaming commissioner, and a Congress-man before being elected to the Senate in 1986. Here in the Senate, H
ARRY distin-guished himself as a no-nonsense legis-lator whose unmatched work ethic and fiery commitment to principle stood out among his peers. As a young boxer, HARRY was renowned for being tough and tenacious in the ring; as a rising Senator, he was equally steadfast and determined. Having spearheaded the passage of several high-profile pieces of legisla-tion, H
ARRY quickly won the respect of his colleagues and earned a spot on the Democratic leadership team. He served for many years as the Senate Demo-cratic leader. But regardless of the ranks he has achieved, H
ARRY ’s first and foremost commitment has always been to the people of Nevada. Despite his years in Washington, H
ARRY never actually left Searchlight; he simply carries it with him wherever he goes. He holds close to his heart the painful memory of growing up in a dusty mining town with little hope and limited opportunity. He embraces the harsh experiences of a childhood spent living in poverty and draws upon them to fuel his work in the Senate today. In his decades-long effort to empower so-ciety’s most vulnerable, he has never forgotten where he came from or whom he fights for. He has never forgotten Searchlight. Perhaps this is why he eschews the trappings of public office and fre-quently skips the galas, gaudy dinners, and other extravagant affairs that are part and parcel of the Washington so-cial scene. Perhaps this is why he avoids television interviews and rarely ever spends more than 10 minutes at a political fundraiser—because, at the end of the day, no matter the titles he receives or the awards he is given, he will always be that little boy from Searchlight. Senator R
EID is among the most grounded of legislators. I have always had the deepest admiration for his hu-mility, kindness, and compassion. Al-though he and I have often disagreed on the issues, we have always agreed on the values that make life worth liv-ing: namely, God, family, and service to country. Over many decades in the Senate, he has served our Nation ex-ceptionally well. Although he will be missed in this Chamber, he has earned well-deserved golden years in his be-loved home State of Nevada. I wish H
ARRY , his wonderful wife, Landra, and all the Reid family the very best. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA MIKULSKI Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to B
ARBARA MIKUL-
SKI, who is retiring from the Senate this year, having spent 40 years serving the people of Maryland in Congress. Senator M
IKULSKI has been a trail-blazer all her life. She grew up in east Baltimore and attended Mount Saint Agnes College and the University of Maryland School of Social Work. She began her career as a social worker and community organizer before being elected to the Baltimore City Council in 1971. In 1976, Senator M
IKULSKI won election to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, where she served for 10 years before winning election to the Senate in 1986. At the time Senator MIKULSKI began her Senate service, she was one of only two female Senators. Today there are 20 female Senators. Next Congress there will be 21. Senator M
IKULSKI has served as a role model and mentor for many of these leaders. She is the long-est serving woman in the history of the U.S. Congress and retires as an icon for many young women who dream of serv-ing their country in elected office. Senator M
IKULSKI has been a leader for many years on health care, edu-cation, and veterans’ issues. She is the first woman and first Marylander to chair the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee, one of the most influential committees in Congress. Senator M
I-
KULSKI has been a strong supporter of our Nation’s space program throughout her time in Congress and was instru-mental in the creation and launch of the Hubble and Webb space telescopes. She even has a supernova named after her—Supernova Mikulski. Senator M
IKULSKI has fought long and hard for the people of Maryland and for the issues she believes in. She is tenacious and dedicated and knows how to get things done. I wish her the very best as she moves on to her next endeavor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID VITTER Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I pay tribute to the senior Senator from Louisiana, my friend D
AVID Vitter. Over more than a decade, I have had the privilege to get to know D
AVID as a colleague and a friend. When he retires in January, he will be greatly missed. D
AVID is a New Orleans man, born and raised. In his younger years, he achieved impressive academic feats, graduating from Harvard and earning a Rhodes scholarship to study at Oxford. As he is fond of telling, after his time in England, he applied to three law schools—Harvard, Yale, and Tulane— and chose to attend the best of the three: Tulane. Just a few years later, he won a seat in the Louisiana House of Representa-tives. There, he earned a reputation as an ethics crusader—a reputation that has stuck with him throughout his ca-reer. Many observers credit him in no small part with the transformation of his home state’s politics—once fa-mously dominated by colorful but ethi-cally questionable characters—and he should be rightfully pleased at the fruits his efforts bore for the State he loves. In Washington, his work to strengthen ethics laws at the Federal level may not have always made him the most popular among his colleagues, but they reflect the same spirit of re-form and willingness to stand up for what he believes in that have been the hallmarks of D
AVID’s career. On the legislative front, D
AVID has been a champion for his conservative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.156 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7009 December 9, 2016 
values and his beloved Louisiana. Tak-ing office in 2005, he almost imme-diately was faced with one of the great-est crises any senator in my tenure has had to confront: Hurricane Katrina. As his State has faced Katrina’s devasta-tion and other natural disasters, Louisianans could always count on D
AVID to deliver for them, no matter what. Throughout, D
AVID mastered the skill of fighting as hard as anyone when the situation called for it—as he did as the top Republican on the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee, pushing back against the overreach of the EPA—and then turning right around and making partners of those who were his most entrenched oppo-nents—as he did by working with lib-eral Democrats to update the Nation’s water infrastructure and pass a once- in-a-generation reform of the Nation’s toxic chemical laws. D
AVID’s work in the Senate has pro-duced an impressive legacy for him and for Louisiana. As he embarks on his next chapter, I send my best wishes to him, his accomplished and lovely wife, Wendy, and his four children. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK KIRK Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I pay tribute to the junior Senator from Illinois, my good friend M
ARK KIRK. I know I speak for all of my colleagues in expressing gratitude of his service on behalf of our Nation. When he leaves us in January, we will miss him dearly. Senator K
IRK was born in Cham-paign, IL, in 1959 and attended Cornell University, where he graduated cum laude with a bachelor’s degree in his-tory. He would later earn a master’s degree from the London School of Eco-nomics and a law degree from the Georgetown University Law Center. His academic background in law and history prepared him for a life in public service. Senator K
IRKfirst came to Capitol Hill as a staffer, working for Congress-man John Porter of Illinois. He quickly rose through the staff ranks to become Congressman Porter’s chief of staff be-fore leaving to take a post at the World Bank and, later, at the State Depart-ment. While still working on Capitol Hill, M
ARK also pursued military service, joining the U.S. Navy Reserve in 1989 as an intelligence officer. He was an ac-tive member of the Navy Reserve for the next 24 years, retiring from the military with the rank of commander. As a Navy officer, M
ARK’s duties took him to conflict zones across the world—from the forests of former Yugoslavia to the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan. For more than a decade, M
ARK continued military service while simultaneously working as a Congressman in the House of Representatives. While in the House of Representa-tives, M
ARKdistinguished himself as a prudent member of the Appropriations Committee and an expert on foreign policy issues. In 2010, he was elected to the Senate and quickly set to work the following year championing infrastruc-ture reform that was critical to his home State of Illinois. In 2012, MARK faced perhaps his most significant challenge yet when he unexpectedly suffered a stroke that nearly took his life and left the left side of his body se-verely impaired. Rather than be de-feated, M
ARKchanneled all of his ener-gies in working towards recovery, spending countless hours working with physical therapists to regain his abil-ity to walk. What motivated M
ARK most during this difficult period was the desire to continue serving the people of Illinois. Thanks to M
ARK’s unrelenting efforts and the heartfelt prayers of family and friends—including all of his colleagues in the Senate—M
ARK miraculously re-covered and was able to return to his work in the Senate, where he has served out the remainder of his term with the utmost honor and distinction. Senator K
IRKoffers all of us an unpar-alleled example of courage amid hard-ship and grace amid suffering. Through his decades of dedicated service to our Nation, both here in Congress and in the military, Senator K
IRKrepresents the very best this Na-tion has to offer. His integrity, deter-mination, and fortitude in the face of adversity embody the very pinnacle of American virtue. Today I would like to thank him for his courage, his commit-ment, and his sacrifice. I wish M
ARK and his family all the best, and I hope that he will continue his service to our Nation in the years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN COATS Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to my friend D
AN Coats. D
ANhas twice served the people of Indiana as Senator, first in the late 1980s and 1990s, and again for the past 6 years. D
ANis a man of integrity and a leader in the fight against government waste. He will be missed. Senator C
OATS was born in Jackson, MI, in 1943 and attended Wheaton Col-lege in Illinois and Indiana University School of Law. He served in the U.S. Army from 1966 to 1968, during which time he deepened his lifelong love of our country. D
ANbegan his career in politics in 1976 when he went to work for future Vice President Dan Quayle, who at the time was serving in the House as a Representative from Indiana. When Representative Quayle decided to run for the Senate in 1980, D
ANran for and won Quayle’s House seat. D
ANserved four terms in the House before being appointed to the Senate in 1989 to fill the remainder of Senator Quayle’s term after Quayle was elected Vice President. D
ANserved in the Sen-ate until 1999. He was a leader in tax and entitlement reform and provided unwavering support to our Armed Forces. After Senator C
OATS retired from the Senate, President George W. Bush ap-pointed him Ambassador to Germany, where he developed a close working re-lationship with future Chancellor An-gela Merkel and oversaw construction of a new embassy near the Branden-burg Gate. But DANsoon felt the pull of the Sen-ate again and decided to return to this body in 2010, winning election to his old seat. Over the past 6 years, Senator C
OATS has again been a leader in tax and entitlement reform and has be-come well known for his ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ speeches, in which he comes to the floor to highlight particularly egre-gious examples of government waste and abuse. Senator C
OATS has served the people of Indiana well. He has served our country well. He has led the fight against wasteful spending and helped keep our government accountable. I wish him, his wife, Marsha, and their family the very best. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY AYOTTE Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, in the U.S. Senate, seniority is the typical route to influence. As Senators serve longer, they typically acquire more powerful positions, more knowledge of how to work the levers of power, and more sway over their colleagues. Over the course of my time in the Senate, I have had the privilege to serve with 352 other Senators. While in my experience the longest serving ones on average do indeed tend to make the greatest im-pact, I have always been most im-pressed by the rare colleague that leaves an indelible mark after only a relatively short time in this body. K
ELLY AYOTTE is such a standout. K
ELLY came to this body well pre-pared to make a difference. As New Hampshire’s first—and, so far, only— female attorney general, she left her mark across a wide swath of law and policy, from prosecuting the infamous Dartmouth College murderers to suc-cessfully defending New Hampshire’s parental consent law before the U.S. Supreme Court. As soon as she arrived here in 2011, the Senator from New Hampshire began to make her mark. Within a short period of time, publications like the New York Times and Politico began consistently referring to her as a rising star, and in 2012, her name pe-rennially surfaced as a contender for the Republican Vice Presidential nomi-nation. How did K
ELLY gain such recognition so quickly? The answer is simple: through good old-fashioned hard work. From her first day in the Senate, she hit the ground running. The wife of an Air Force combat veteran, she joined the Armed Services Committee and poured her heart and soul into its work. It took little time for her to be-come one of the most powerful voices on the committee. On issues as wide ranging as protecting our servicemem-bers from sexual assault to keeping 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.174 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7010 December 9, 2016 
dangerous terrorists detained at Guan-tanamo, she made a real difference, en-hancing our national security and ad-vocating for our men and women in uniform. While defense and security policy has proven her signature issue, K
ELLY ’s in-fluence extends across the board. From creating jobs to protecting our envi-ronment, she has proven an enor-mously effective advocate for families in New Hampshire and across America, willing to work across the aisle and buck her own party to do what she thinks is right for her State and the Nation. Her work to combat the opioid crisis merits particular praise. Both New Hampshire and Utah have been particularly hard hit by the rise in this dangerous trend of substance abuse, which has wreaked havoc in the lives of so many. K
ELLY made it her mission to do everything in her power to confront this challenge, resulting in the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. This landmark legislation will make a real difference in the lives of so many in New Hampshire and across the Nation, and it will go down as one of the crown jewels of her legacy here in the Senate. While I am deeply saddened that K
ELLY will no longer be with us here in the Senate come January, I am com-forted by the fact that her best years of service to her State and Nation lie ahead. After some well-deserved rest with her family, it is my sincerest hope that she will continue her public serv-ice. In whatever capacity she chooses to serve, she will always have a de-voted supporter in me. 
f 
WRDA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to highlight several provi-sions I worked to secure in the water resources bill that will be a great ben-efit to Kentucky and to my constitu-ents. Included in the Water Infrastruc-ture Improvements for the Nation Act is a provision I have worked on with Paducah Mayor Gayle Kaler, Paducah city manager Jeff Pederson, and Padu-cah city engineer Rick Murphy that will advance a critical and comprehen-sive flood wall infrastructure project to better protect residents and businesses in Paducah from flooding. The bill also includes an important provision that directs the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to transfer certain inoperable lock and dam infrastructure along the Green and Barren Rivers in Kentucky to State and local entities. My Green and Barren Rivers provision will allow communities to remove cer-tain aging infrastructure in an effort to enhance river-based recreation and tourism. This language also allows the Rochester Dam Regional Water Com-mission to take control of the Roch-ester Dam—a critical water source for citizens and employers in six coun-ties—so the dam can be repaired and better maintained. In this effort, I would like to thank David Phemister and Mike Hensley with the Kentucky Nature Conservancy, as well as mem-bers and supporters of the Rochester Dam Regional Water Commission, in-cluding Butler County Judge Executive David Fields, Walt Beasley with the Ohio County Water District, Damon Talley, and Gary Larimore with the Kentucky Rural Water Association. f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN CHICAGO Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, more than 4,100 people have been shot this year in Chicago. And there have been over 700 homicides in the city this year, the vast majority of them due to gun violence. This is unconscionable. The American Medical Association has declared that gun violence is a public health crisis in our nation. And it is. Every day in America, around 300 men, women, and children are shot. And every day about 90 of those shoot-ing victims die. Gun violence touches nearly every community in America. But no community has suffered more than Chicago. The stories of Chicago’s shooting vic-tims are heartbreaking. Here is one of them. On November 18, Javon Wilson, the 15-year-old grandson of my friend Con-gressman D
ANNY DAVIS was shot and killed in a dispute over a pair of bas-ketball shoes. It is hard to imagine a more senseless and tragic killing. Con-gressman D
AVIS said of his grandson, ‘‘He was a typical 15-year-old. He liked basketball. If you listened to him he was a basketball star, but he liked bas-ketball and music.’’ Congressman D
AVIS went on to say that Javon’s grades had improved in school and that ‘‘his father had just told me about how proud of him that he was because he was catching on and realizing that all his life was in front of him.’’ The two suspects charged with Javon’s murder are a 16-year-old boy and a 17-year-old girl. It was a dispute between kids that turned into a deadly tragedy because of easy access to guns. My heart goes out to Congressman D
AVIS and his family. But thoughts and prayers are not enough when it comes to reducing this epidemic of gun vio-lence. We have had too many funerals, too many families who now have to face an empty seat at the dinner table or walk past an empty bedroom, too many children who suffer the physical trauma of gunshot wounds or the men-tal trauma of witnessing a shooting. We have had too many of our fellow Americans getting shot while they are sitting on their porches or walking on their sidewalks. So many of these shootings could have been prevented. But there are loopholes in our gun laws that make it too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on guns. It is absurd that we have not closed the loopholes in our background check system—a step that 90 percent of Americans support. And we have had enough of the gun traf-fickers and straw purchasers who are able to buy guns out of State and sell them out of the trunks of their cars in Chicago. At Javon’s funeral, Congressman DAVIS said this: ‘‘Not only Javon, but thousands and perhaps millions of other young people cannot exist on a regular, daily basis without the fear of not making it through the day. Some-how, with all the technology that we have, with all the know-how, all the things that we as a nation have been able to do, somehow or another we have not had the will to stop the flow of guns through inner cities.’’ Well, we have a new President-Elect who said during his campaign that he was concerned about the shootings in cities like Chicago. If President-Elect Trump really wants to help Chicago, he can work to stop the flood of guns com-ing in to the city from States with weak background check laws. He could work with the Vice President-Elect, the governor of Indiana, to stop letting people buy guns without background checks at gun shows in Northwest Indi-ana. Hundreds of crimes in Chicago are being committed with guns that are brought into the city from Indiana. America has had enough of politi-cians who are too scared of the gun lobby to stand up and fix our laws so we can keep guns out of the wrong hands. We also need to address the crisis of poverty that affects many of our Na-tion’s most violent neighborhoods. We need to provide our young men and women in these neighborhoods with economic opportunity and a path to a brighter future. This is going to re-quire a sustained commitment of re-sources and investment at every level of government. But it is an investment that will pay off. It will save lives and avoid the devastating costs of violence to our communities. I will do all I can to make sure that the Federal Government does its part to help create growth and economic op-portunity in our most depressed neigh-borhoods. But as we head into a year when the White House and Congress will be controlled by the Republican Party, it will require cooperation from the other side of the aisle. It is a moral imperative, and it is an investment worth making. I am angry about the shootings that injure and kill so many people in our Nation. I will not be silent about the need for action and reform. But I am also hopeful. Even in the neighbor-hoods of Chicago where the violence has been the worst, everywhere you look you will find determination and resilience. You will find mothers and fathers and teachers and faith leaders and many others who are going the extra mile to bring their children up safely and to provide them with love, faith, and hope for their future. They aren’t going to quit. And neither can we. There is a lot of work we need to do to address the public health crisis of gun violence. But we owe it to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.169 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7011 December 9, 2016 
memory of Javon Wilson and so many others to roll up our sleeves and get to work. 
f 
KATHARINE ‘‘KAPPY’’ SCATES Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I want to say a few words about one of the most admired members of my staff, Katharine ‘‘Kappy’’ Scates. Kappy is retiring at the end of the year. I don’t know what we will do without her. Of-tentimes, public servants are in it for the accolades—not Kappy. She, in her own quiet way, just wanted to make a difference in people’s lives. Since 1996, when I first ran for the U.S. Senate, Kappy has been my eyes and ears in southern Illinois. She is a retired elementary school teacher and a friend of my predecessor and mentor Senator Paul Simon. Kappy joined our campaign as a volunteer, and we all fell in love with her. She not only knew ev-erybody, she was happy to drive the wheels off her car to be everywhere. In 1999, Kappy came to work for us in our Marion, IL, offices. She quickly be-came indispensable. When it comes to southern Illinois, Kappy is a human rolodex. From Carmi to Cairo, Kappy Scates is a household name. On my behalf, Kappy met with countless people. She listened to their ideas and concerns—and did her best to help solve problems. And whatever the task, there isn’t a town in southern Il-linois that Kappy can’t recruit a few folks to pitch in and help. People know that when you are on Kappy’s side, you are on the right side. Let me give just one example. In Ridgway, IL, Kappy helped a dental clinic. It wasn’t easy; there were hur-dles every step of the way. But Kappy would not take no for an answer. She got all the equipment and convinced hygienists and a part-time dentist to help out in this severely underserved community. I got the credit, but it was Kappy’s vision, hard work, and deter-mination that made it happen. I could go on about all those Kappy has helped, but let me tell just one story—about a housekeeper at a motel where I often stay. Years ago, at 62 years old, she told me that she had never in her life had health insurance— not for a single day. She had worked as a cook, waitress, and housekeeper, but had never known the security of having health insurance. She hadn’t even seen a doctor in over 20 years. Enter Kappy Scates. Kappy spent hours meeting with her and helping her figure out a solution. Finally, because of the Af-fordable Care Act and Kappy’s help signing her up—she was able to afford health insurance for the first time in her life. But that is not the end of the story. You see, after my friend saw a doctor for the first time in more than two dec-ades, she was told she was diabetic. Fortunately, Kappy had stayed in touch. She drove her to doctor appoint-ments and helped get the critical medi-cations she needed. It probably saved her life. That is who Kappy is—always going above and beyond the call of duty. She has a great heart and pours it into everything she does. I want to thank Steve—Kappy’s hus-band of more than 56 years—their chil-dren: Steve, Carole, Tim, Susie, and 18 grandchildren—for sharing so much of their wife, mother, and grandmother with the community. I also want to thank the entire Scates family, who have lived in the Shawneetown area since the early 1800s. You can’t set foot in southern Illinois without running into a member of the Scates family. They are the heartbeat of one of the best parts of our State. The Scates family farm is a well-known and re-spected family operation. In fact, it is not only one of the largest family farms in Illinois, it is known as one of the best. Throughout the years, the Scates family support and generosity have meant more that I can express in words. I will close with this. I believe in the role of public service to make a dif-ference. Kappy’s years of service re-flect that, too. Our Nation needs more people like Kappy Scates. I couldn’t be more proud of the work she has done— and the person she is. I am honored to congratulate her on a job well done, and I am lucky to count her as a friend. I wish Kappy, Steve, and her family all the best. 
f 
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have served in this Chamber for 42 years and served as chairman or ranking member of the Judiciary Committee for nearly two decades. I have seen a lot of de-bates, even contentious ones, and good- faith disagreements between Senators. But what Senate Republicans did this year to shut down Chief Judge Merrick Garland’s nomination to the Supreme Court—well, it might be the most out-rageous act of obstruction and irre-sponsibility that I have seen in my en-tire time in the Senate. It is a dan-gerous step toward politicizing our highest Court, in a judicial system that long has been the envy of the world. Now that there is a Republican Presi-dent about to be sworn in, I predict that all of a sudden we will hear Re-publicans talking about the impor-tance of the Supreme Court having its full nine Justices. But make no mis-take, these will be the same Senators who turned their backs on the Court and the American people for nearly a year by refusing to fill the vacancy since February. Senate Republicans cared more about preserving that vacancy for a Repub-lican president than they did about an independent Supreme Court. The result was that they blocked one of the most qualified Supreme Court nominees in this Nation’s history. Chief Judge Gar-land is an exceptional jurist with a stellar record and impeccable creden-tials. He has the most Federal judicial experience of any Supreme Court nomi-nee ever. Republicans and Democrats alike have recognized Chief Judge Gar-land as a brilliant and impartial judge with unwavering fidelity to the rule of law. In this day and age, he was as much of a consensus Supreme Court nominee as one could find. The senior Republican Senator from Utah and former chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee has previously noted that he would be confirmed easily. It is not hard to see why Chief Judge Garland has received significant bipartisan sup-port in the past. When the American Bar Association reviewed his nomina-tion, it unanimously awarded him its highest rating of ‘‘Well-Qualified.’’ To reach that rating, lawyers from across the country assessed his integrity, pro-fessional competence, and tempera-ment. One said, ‘‘Garland is the best that there is. He is the finest judge I have ever met.’’ Another said ‘‘He is a judge’s judge, with a very high stand-ard and legal craftsmanship, a fine sense of fairness to all parties, a meas-ured and dignified judicial tempera-ment, and the highest respect for law and reasoned argument.’’ One even said that Chief Judge Garland ‘‘may be the perfect human being.’’ And yet Republicans have refused to provide him with any process whatso-ever—no hearing, no vote. The result is that Chief Judge Garland is now the longest pending Supreme Court nomi-nee in history. No Supreme Court nominee has ever been treated this way. Republicans set a new standard this year. It is the American people who have been harmed and spurned by this unprecedented blockade. Until this year, Senate Judiciary Committee members had always taken their responsibility seriously. Ever since the Judiciary Committee started holding public confirmation hearings of Supreme Court nominees more than a century ago, the Senate has never de-nied a Supreme Court nominee a hear-ing and a vote. Even when a majority of the com-mittee has not supported a Supreme Court nominee, the committee has still sent the nomination to the floor so that all 100 Senators can fulfill their constitutional role of providing advice and consent on Supreme Court nomi-nees. When I became chairman of the Judiciary Committee in 2001 during the Bush administration, I and Senator Hatch—who was then the ranking member—memorialized in a letter this longstanding tradition regarding Su-preme Court nominees. The current Re-publican leadership has broken with this century of practice to make its own shameful history. But Senate Re-publicans have spent 8 years insisting on a different set of rules for President Obama. Republicans rolled the dice this year, subjecting the Supreme Court and the American people to their purely polit-ical gamble. They will tell us they have won. But there is no victor—for their partisan game, this body, the Supreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.163 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7012 December 9, 2016 
Court, and the American people all suf-fered. As we go forward under the new President-elect, I urge those Repub-licans to think carefully about their own words about the voice of the American people. I remind those Re-publicans that, in last month’s elec-tion, Secretary Clinton received over 2.5 million more votes from the Amer-ican people than the President-elect. That is hardly a mandate for any Su-preme Court nominee who would turn back the clock on the rights of women, LGBT Americans, or minorities; or a nominee who would undermine safety net programs like Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, or the Civil Rights Act, the Fair Housing Act, or the Voting Rights Act. President Obama made the best pos-sible choice for a Supreme Court nomi-nee, and any other Supreme Court nominee will face a difficult compari-son to Chief Judge Garland’s experi-ence, brilliance, integrity, and support from across the political spectrum. Chief Judge Garland is an honorable, decent man and a model of public serv-ice. What Senate Republicans have done to him is unfair and unwarranted, and it is an insult, not just to him, but to all Americans who expect all of us to do our jobs and uphold our oath to the Constitution. As the Republican leadership brings the 114th Congress to a close, they do so having established another record for inaction on judicial nominations. Despite the fact that there are dozens of qualified, consensus nominees pend-ing on the Senate floor right now, we will finish this Congress having con-firmed just 22 judicial nominees in 2 years. That is the lowest number since Harry Truman was president. There are currently 30 judicial nominees awaiting a vote, all with the support of their home State Senators and bipartisan support from the Judiciary Committee. We have not had a single confirmation vote on a judicial nominee since July. Because the Republican leadership shutdown judicial confirmations, the number of judicial vacancies in our Federal courts will increase to over 100 for the first time in almost 6 years, a vacancy rate of nearly 12 percent. And of those, the number of judicial emer-gency vacancies will exceed 40. This did not happen overnight. It is the result of a sustained effort that the Republican leadership chose. If we had just followed regular order, like them majority leader promised time and again, all of these nominees would have been confirmed months ago. Repub-licans cannot claim that President Obama has not made enough nomina-tions to solve this crisis. They cannot say that he has not worked with them to find consensus nominees. Of the nominees awaiting a vote, 13 have the support of either one or two home State Republican Senators, and 28 were reported by voice vote. The majority leader has repeatedly come to the floor to justify his obstruc-tion by claiming he has treated ‘‘Presi-dent Obama fairly with respect to his judicial nominations’’ in comparison to President Bush. That is not even close to accurate. Even more to the point, our constitutional duty of advice and consent is not about comparing one President to another. It is to ensure our Federal courts have the judges they need in order to provide Ameri-cans the speedy justice the Constitu-tion promises. And right now, that is not the case when one of every nine judgeships across the country is va-cant. Currently, there are 13 judicial emergency vacancies in Texas alone. Compare the record of the Repub-lican Senate today to that of Senate Democrats in 2008, when I was chair-man of the Judiciary Committee dur-ing the last 2 years of the George W. Bush administration. Senate Demo-crats confirmed 68 judicial nominees, accounting for two-thirds of all of the judicial nominations President Bush made in those 2 years. In contrast, since last January when Republicans took the majority, they have con-firmed just 22 judicial nominees-barely one-quarter of the nominations Presi-dent Obama has made during this Con-gress. To reach parity with President Bush, this Senate would need to con-firm an additional 31 nominees. We could make that happen right now by voting on the nominees currently pend-ing on the Senate floor. During the final year of the Bush ad-ministration, Senate Democrats con-firmed 28 circuit and district nominees, all of whom the Judiciary Committee reported to the floor that year. This year, Republicans have allowed con-firmations of just nine circuit and dis-trict nominees, each of whom the Judi-ciary Committee reported last year. So the majority leader has failed to even begin this year’s work on nominees. When the Senate operated under reg-ular order, consensus nominees like the ones we have pending on the floor were confirmed before long recesses and at the end of the year. Instead, the Repub-licans’ standard operating procedure has been to refuse votes on consensus nominees. At the end of 2009, they re-fused to vote on 10 judicial nominees. At the end of 2010 and again in 2011, they left 19 judicial nominees pending, almost all of whom were consensus nominees. At the end of 2012, they blocked votes on 11 judicial nominees pending. After blocking 10 nominees at the end of 2013 and then 6 in 2014, Sen-ate Republicans once again blocked 19 nominees at the end of last year. This year, they set a new record by leaving 30 judicial nominees pending. All 30 are qualified and have bipartisan support, and there is no good reason we should not have voted on them already or be-fore we adjourn this month. The vacancy crisis has happened be-cause 8 years ago, rather than adhering to regular order, Republican leadership granted the wishes of rightwing legal groups who lobbied them to engage in ‘‘unprecedented’’ obstruction of Presi-dent Obama’s nominees. They have proven again that pure partisanship matters more to them than ensuring our courts have the resources they need to uphold the rule of law and pro-vide justice for all Americans. Repub-licans have set a new standard for judi-cial nominees: it involves confirming only 11 nominees per year, routinely holding nominees over in Committee, and routine cloture votes and roll call votes on every district nominee. That is the way to ensure the President- elect’s nominees are treated as ‘‘fairly’’ as President Obama’s nominees. In the President’s second full month in office, Senate Republicans wrote to him, demanding that he consult with them on judicial nominations. The President did just that. His first nomi-nee was David Hamilton of Indiana to the Seventh Circuit, a nomination made in consultation with, and with the support of the most senior Repub-lican Senator, Richard Lugar. Senate Republicans nonetheless filibustered the nomination. These were the same Republicans who used to claim that the filibustering judicial nominations was unconstitutional. Since then, Senate Republicans have obstructed and delayed just about every circuit nominee of this Presi-dent. They filibustered Robert Bacharach’s nomination to the 10th Circuit, even though he had the sup-port of his two home State Republican Senators. That was the first time a cir-cuit nominee had been successfully fili-bustered after receiving bipartisan sup-port in Committee. That filibuster meant that his confirmation was need-lessly delayed for 8 months, after which he was confirmed unanimously. When George W. Bush was President, the average circuit nominee spent just 18 days waiting for a vote on the Sen-ate floor. The average circuit nominee of President Obama’s waited exactly 100 days longer than that. There is no good reason these nominees should have had to wait six and a half times as long for a vote. Senate Republicans delayed con-firmation of Judge Patty Shwartz of New Jersey to the Third Circuit for 13 months. They delayed confirmation of Judge Richard Taranto to the Federal circuit for a full year. They delayed confirmation of Judge Albert Diaz of North Carolina to the Fourth Circuit for 11 months. They delayed confirma-tion of Judge Jane Stranch of Ten-nessee to the Sixth Circuit and Judge William Kayatta to the First Circuit for 10 months. They delayed confirma-tion of Judge Ray Lohier of New York to the Second Circuit for 7 months. They delayed confirmation of Judge Scott Matheson of Utah to the Tenth Circuit, Judge Felipe Restrepo of Penn-sylvania to the Third Circuit, and Judge James Wynn, Jr., of North Caro-lina to the Fourth Circuit for 6 months. They delayed confirmation of Judge Andre Davis of Maryland to the Fourth Circuit, Judge Henry Floyd of South Carolina to the Fourth Circuit, Judge Stephanie Thacker of West Vir-ginia to the Fourth Circuit, and Judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.152 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7013 December 9, 2016 
Jacqueline Nguyen of California to the Ninth Circuit for 5 months. They de-layed confirmation of Judge Adalberto Jordan of Florida to the 11th Circuit, Judge Beverly Martin of Georgia to the 11th Circuit, Judge Mary Murguia of Arizona to the Ninth Circuit, Judge Bernice Donald of Tennessee to the Sixth Circuit, Judge Barbara Keenan of Virginia to the Fourth Circuit, Judge Thomas Vanaskie of Pennsylvania to the Third Circuit, Judge Joseph Greenaway of New Jersey to the Third Circuit, Judge Denny Chin of New York to the Second Circuit, Judge Chris Droney of Connecticut to the Second Circuit, Judge David Barron of Massa-chusetts to the First Circuit, and Judge Carolyn McHugh of Utah to the 10th Circuit for 4 months. They delayed confirmation of Judge Paul Watford of California to the Ninth Circuit, Judge Andrew Hurwitz of Arizona to the Ninth Circuit, Judge Michelle Friedland of California to the Ninth Circuit, Judge Morgan Christen of Alaska to the Ninth Circuit, Judge Nancy Moritz of Kansas to the 10th Cir-cuit, Judge Stephen Higginson of Lou-isiana to the Fifth Circuit, Judge Ge-rard Lynch of New York to the Second Circuit, Judge Susan Carney of Con-necticut to the Second Circuit, Judge Cheryl Krause of New Jersey to the Third Circuit, Judge Jill Pryor of Geor-gia to the 11th Circuit, and Judge Kathleen O’Malley of Ohio to the Fed-eral circuit for 3 months. Even though they have been approved by the Repub-lican-led Judiciary Committee, the three circuit nominees currently awaiting votes have been pending for months, too. Donald Schott of Wis-consin, nominated to the Seventh Cir-cuit, has been waiting for 6 months. Jennifer Puhl of North Dakota, nomi-nated to the Eighth Circuit, has been waiting for 5 months. Judge Lucy Koh, of California, nominated to the Ninth Circuit, has been waiting for 3 months. And then there was the unprece-dented blockade of the D.C. Circuit, when Senate Republicans refused to allow President Obama to fill any of three vacancies that still existed in 2013. Republicans tried to suggest that filling vacancies was ‘‘court packing’’ and tried to eliminate three seats from that court. This unfortunate tactic was pioneered by one Senator 20 years ago to prevent President Clinton from ap-pointing an African-American judge to the Fourth Circuit, ultimately forcing President Clinton to recess appoint Judge Roger Gregory as the first Afri-can-American judge on that court. The filibuster, even as Senate Republicans abused it again and again, had tradi-tionally been reserved for ‘‘extraor-dinary circumstances’’ and extending debates about the merits of individual nominees. President Obama made three excellent, highly respected nomina-tions to the D.C. Circuit, but Senate Republicans did not focus debate on their qualifications or their records. Rather they claimed President Obama should be denied the ability to make nominations under his constitutional authority. I said at the time that some called this blockade ‘‘nullification,’’ as Republicans tried to thwart the will of the majority of Americans who elected President Obama in 2008 and again in 2012. Little did the American people know that this blockade would be a precursor to what they would do with his next Supreme Court nominee. Republican obstruction and abuse of the filibuster also extended to district court nominees under President Obama. It is particularly troubling that many of these nominees were tar-geted on the basis of actions they took on behalf of clients. I remember what Chief Justice Roberts said at his con-firmation hearing: ‘‘[I]t’s a tradition of the American Bar that goes back be-fore the founding of the country that lawyers are not identified with the po-sitions of their clients. The most fa-mous example probably was John Adams, who represented the British soldiers charged in the Boston Mas-sacre. He did that for a reason, because he wanted to show that the Revolution in which he was involved was not about overturning the rule of law, it was about vindicating the rule of law. ‘‘Our Founders thought that they were not being given their rights under the Brit-ish system to which they were entitled, and by representing the British sol-diers, he helped show that what they were about was defending the rule of law, not undermining it, and that prin-ciple, that you don’t identify the law-yer with the particular views of the cli-ent, or the views that the lawyer ad-vances on behalf of the client, is crit-ical to the fair administration of jus-tice.’’ To attack a judicial nominee on the basis of work they did for a client is to denigrate the rule of law and strike at the very foundations of the American legal system. It was wrong to filibuster Caitlin Halligan because special inter-ests disliked a position she argued at the direction of New York’s attorney general when she was that State’s so-licitor general. It was wrong to attack Edward Chen because he had worked at the ACLU and accuse him of having an ‘‘ACLU gene.’’ And it was appalling to filibuster John McConnell because of his work on litigation against tobacco companies. Nor was this limited to ju-dicial nominations—the same shameful playbook was used against Debo Adegbile, an honorable and distin-guished public servant who was nomi-nated to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division in the Department of Justice. It should concern all of us that one of the leaders of this effort to undermine the adver-sarial system might be our next Attor-ney General. Until Barack Obama was elected President, we had a different standard. In all but the most extreme cir-cumstances, we deferred to home State Senators and their work with the President to find the right nominee for their state. In 8 years, I cast votes against just two of President Bush’s district court nominees. Early in Presi-dent Obama’s first term, 37 Senate Re-publicans voted against two of his dis-trict court nominees in 1 day. In my 42 years in the Senate, I have opposed clo-ture on a single district court nominee. I did so because of his personal involve-ment with efforts to intimidate Afri-can-American voters. One important Senate tradition has remained intact: the Judiciary Com-mittee blue slip, which represents Sen-ators’ important role in providing ad-vice and consent for the President’s nominees. During the almost 20 years that I have served as chairman or ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, I have steadfastly protected the rights of the minority through both Republican and Democratic ad-ministrations-and I have done so de-spite criticism from Democrats. I have only proceeded with judicial nomina-tions supported by both home State Senators. I will put my record of con-sistent fairness up against that of any chairman. Chairman Grassley has stat-ed that he will continue the practice of requiring both blue slips before pro-ceeding with a nomination, and I ap-plaud him for that commitment. I hope he will continue to honor that commit-ment, despite the criticism he might receive. The blue slip matters because it pro-tects the Senate’s constitutional role in providing advice and consent on nominations. The Judiciary Committee and the Senate are not rubberstamps; we are a check on Presidential power, and we have a meaningful role in mak-ing recommendations to the President and then evaluating nominees on their individual merits. A fair and thorough confirmation process is how we give meaning to the checks and balances in the Constitution. Our Federal judiciary is also strengthened when it better reflects the Nation it serves. I commend Presi-dent Obama for having nominated such a diverse group of qualified judges. In his first term alone, President Obama appointed as many women judges as President Bush did during his entire 8 years in office. In just those first 4 years, President Obama also nominated more African Americans, more Asian Americans, and more openly gay Amer-icans than his predecessor did in 8 years. This progress continued in President Obama’s second term, and even without additional confirmations, he has appointed nearly twice as many women judges, more than two and a half times as many African-American judges, and more than five times as many Asian American judges as Presi-dent Bush. All Americans can be proud of the Senate and the President’s ef-forts to have the Federal judiciary bet-ter reflect the public it serves. Despite unrelenting Republican ob-struction, President Obama worked hard with home State Senators to find judicial nominees who were qualified, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.152 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7014 December 9, 2016 
in the mainstream, and who helped en-sure the Federal judiciary reflects all Americans. President Obama’s nomi-nees included Judge Christina Reiss, the first woman to serve on the Dis-trict of Vermont; Judge Andre Davis, just the third African American to serve on the Fourth Circuit; Judge Irene Berger, the first African-Amer-ican Federal judge in West Virginia; Judge Abdul Kallon, the third African- American district judge in Alabama, whose nomination to be the first Afri-can American from Alabama to serve on a Federal appeals court is being blocked by that State’s Senators; Judge Jacqueline Nguyen, the first Vi-etnamese American to serve as a Fed-eral district judge and now the first Asian Pacific American woman to serve as a Federal circuit judge as well; Judge Dolly Gee, the first Chinese American woman to serve as a Federal judge; Judge Rosanna Peterson, the first woman to serve on the Eastern District of Washington; Judge Nancy Freudenthal, the first female Federal judge in Wyoming; Judge Benita Pear-son, the first African-American Federal judge in Ohio; Judge Kimberly Mueller, the first woman to serve on the East-ern District of California; Judge Ed-mond Chang, the first Asian American Federal judge in Illinois; Judge Carlton Reeves, the second African-American district judge in Mississippi; Judge William Martinez, the second Hispanic to serve on the District of Colorado; Judge J. Michelle Childs, the second African-American woman to serve on the District of South Carolina; Judge Tanya Pratt, the first African-Amer-ican Federal judge in Indiana; Judge Lucy Koh, the first Korean American woman to serve as a Federal judge; Judge Gloria Navarro, then the only woman and only Hispanic on the Dis-trict of Nevada; Judge Barbara Keenan, the first woman from Virginia to serve on the Fourth Circuit; Judge O. Rogeriee Thompson, the first African- American and just the second woman to serve on the First Circuit; Judge Al-bert Diaz, the first Latino to serve on the Fourth Circuit; Judge Mary Murguia, the first Hispanic and the second woman from Arizona to serve on the Ninth Circuit; Judge Denny Chin, who upon confirmation to the Second Circuit became the only active Asian Pacific American judge on our circuit courts; Judge Marco Hernandez, the first Latino to serve as a Federal judge in Oregon; Judge James Graves, the first African-American from Mis-sissippi to serve on the Fifth Circuit; Judge James Shadid, the first Arab American Federal judge in Illinois; Judge Mae D’Agostino, the only woman on the Northern District of New York; Judge Jimmie Reyna, the first Latino on the Federal circuit; Judge Edward Chen, just the second Asian Pacific American to serve on the Northern District of California; Judge Arenda Wright Allen, the first African- American woman to serve as a Federal district judge in Virginia; Judge J. Paul Oetken, the first openly gay man confirmed to be a district judge; Judge Ramona Villagomez Manglona, the first indigenous person to serve as a U.S. District Court Judge in the North-ern Mariana Islands; Judge Bernice Donald, the first African-American woman to serve on the Sixth Circuit; Judge Cathy Bissoon, the first woman of color to serve on the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania; Judge Sharon Gleason, the first woman to serve on the District of Alaska; Judge Morgan Christen, the first woman from Alaska to serve on the Ninth Circuit; Judge Nannette Brown, the first African- American woman to serve as a Federal district judge in Louisiana; Judge Nancy Torresen, the first woman to serve on the District of Maine; Judge Steve Jones, who became one of only two active African-American Federal judges in Georgia; Judge Paul Watford, who is one of only two African-Ameri-cans serving on the Ninth Circuit; Judge Adalberto Jordan, the first Cuban-born judge on the 11th Circuit; Judge Stephanie Thacker, the first woman from West Virginia to serve on the Fourth Circuit; Judge Shelley Dick, the first woman to serve on the Middle District of Louisiana; Judge Landya McCafferty, the first woman to serve on the District of New Hamp-shire; Judge Susan Watters, the first woman to serve on the District of Mon-tana; Judge Elizabeth Wolford, the first woman to serve on the Western District of New York; Judge Debra Brown, the first African-American woman to serve as a Federal judge in Mississippi; and Judge Diane Humetewa, the first Native American woman to serve as a Federal judge. We can all be proud that our Federal bench today better reflects the broad diver-sity of our Nation and represents the best of the legal profession. However, the nominees that are being obstructed on the floor today in-clude Armando Bonilla, who would be the first Hispanic judge to ever serve on the U.S. Court of Federal Claims; Stephanie Finley, who would be the first African-American judge to serve on the Western District of Louisiana; Lucy Koh, who would be the first Ko-rean American woman to be a circuit court judge; and Florence Pan, who would be the first Asian American woman on the district court in DC. I am also disappointed that we have not moved forward on the nomination of African-American Judge Richard Boulware to serve on the U.S. Sen-tencing Commission. The Sentencing Commission currently does not have a single person of color serving as a com-missioner—yet it impacts criminal jus-tice issues that deeply affect commu-nities of color. In the 20 years that I have been chairman or ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, I have worked with Republicans and Democrats to en-sure that our committee has provided a fair and thorough process for judicial nominees. Our power of advice and con-sent is a critical check on any Presi-dent, and by protecting the independ-ence of the third branch, we uphold our Constitution. The late Chief Justice Rehnquist referred to our independent judiciary as the crown jewel of our de-mocracy, and he was absolutely right. I have worked to protect and strengthen that crown jewel during my time as chairman and ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and I will continue to do so in the years ahead. 
f 
ATTORNEYS GENERAL IN CENTRAL AMERICA Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Northern Triangle countries of Central America—El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala—face many similar chal-lenges: poverty, gangs, violence, cor-ruption, and organized crime. Another one of these challenges is weak judicial systems. For as long as anyone can remember, judges in these countries, no matter how unqualified, have been selected through opaque processes which have benefited those with personal or polit-ical connections or the ability to curry favor. Attorneys general have often turned out to be corrupt and in cahoots with organized crime, or they have been harassed and threatened to the point that they have declined to pursue cases against powerful elites or have left the country out of fear for their own safety or that of their families. But there are some signs that things are changing for the better. Today, each of these countries has an attorney general who is working to end the his-tory of impunity that has enabled al-most anyone, including members of the police and armed forces, to get away with the most heinous crimes. In Guatemala, Attorney General Thelma Aldana Hernandez; in El Sal-vador, Attorney General Douglas Melendez Ruiz; and in Honduras, Attor-ney General Oscar Fernando Chinchilla Banegas have each shown that they take seriously their responsibility to act with professionalism and impar-tiality in pursuit of justice. For doing so, they have each faced attempts to thwart their efforts through intimida-tion and threats. In the U.S. Congress we recognize the challenges and dangers they face, and we strongly support them. No democ-racy can survive without a justice sys-tem that has the confidence and re-spect of the people. There is nothing more fundamental to a credible justice system than an independent judiciary and professionally trained prosecutors who are trustworthy. Equal access to justice is a necessity for all people, re-gardless of economic status, race, reli-gion, ethnicity, gender, or political af-filiation. It is in the interest of each of these attorneys general to share best prac-tices; to collectively reinforce the im-portance of investing in stronger judi-cial institutions; to develop a joint strategy for using their offices to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.152 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7015 December 9, 2016 
promote economic and social develop-ment and the rule of law; and to estab-lish a regional mechanism for col-lecting and sharing information to sup-port crime prevention, investigations, and prosecutions. It is also critically important that they continue to work cooperatively with regional independent judicial in-stitutions, like the International Com-mission Against Impunity in Guate-mala, the Mission to Support the Fight Against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras, the Inter-American Commis-sion on Human Rights, and the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights. Before I was a Senator, I was a pros-ecutor. I know the challenges of the job and that there is nothing more impor-tant for a prosecutor than having the respect, the trust, and the support of the people. As a Senator, I have long served as either the chairman or ranking mem-ber of our Judiciary Committee. I have strongly defended the principle of inde-pendence of the judiciary as a corner-stone of a democratic system of gov-ernment. Judges should be selected transparently on the basis of profes-sional qualifications, temperament, and integrity. And as the chairman or ranking member of the Appropriations sub-committee that funds our foreign as-sistance programs I will continue to support attorneys general who, like the three I have mentioned, have coura-geously demonstrated a commitment to upholding the rule of law. BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, establishes statutory limits on discre-tionary spending and allows for various adjustments to those limits, while sec-tions 302 and 314(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate is considering the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropria-tions Act, 2017, the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028, which provides for continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 and full- year appropriations related to U.S. na-tional security and disaster relief and recovery efforts. Sections 185–192 of this legislation provides emergency funding for dis-aster relief and recovery efforts. In total, these provisions provide $2,704 million in revised nonsecurity budget authority that produce $480 million in outlays in fiscal year 2017. This legisla-tion includes language that designates these provisions as emergency funding pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of BBEDCA. The inclusion of these des-ignations makes this spending eligible for an adjustment under the Congres-sional Budget Act. Section 192 of the legislation also provides funding for disaster relief and recovery efforts, but designates the provision as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of BBEDCA. This designation makes the spending associated with this provi-sion, $1,416 million in revised nonsecu-rity budget authority and $25 million in outlays, eligible for an adjustment under the Congressional Budget Act. Finally, Division B provides funding for the Department of Defense and U.S. international affairs entities for coun-terterrorism and other national secu-rity efforts. These provisions are des-ignated as being for overseas contin-gency operations/global war on ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of BBEDCA. These des-ignations make the spending associ-ated with the division, $5,775 million in revised security budget authority, $4,300 million in revised nonsecurity budget authority, and $4,387 million in outlays, eligible for an adjustment under the Congressional Budget Act. As a result, I am increasing the budg-etary aggregate for fiscal year 2017 by $14,195 million in budget authority and outlays by $4,892 million. Further, I am revising the budget authority and out-lay allocations to the Committee on Appropriations by increasing revised nonsecurity budget authority by $8,420 million, revised security budget au-thority by $5,775 million, and increas-ing outlays by $4,892 million in fiscal year 2017. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $ in Millions 2017 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 3,212,522 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 3,219,513 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 14,195 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 4,892 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 3,226,717 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 3,224,405 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $ in Millions 2017 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 551,240 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 518,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,182,122 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5,775 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 8,420 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 4,892 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 557,015 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 526,951 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,187,014 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................. 5,775 0 0 0 5,775 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... .................... 4,300 0 1,416 2,704 8,420 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ .......................................... 4,387 0 25 480 4,892 
WRDA Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to recognize today as a historic day for Montana and the Blackfeet people. With the passage of the Water Infra-structure Improvements for the Nation Act, the Blackfeet Water Rights Set-tlement Act is ready to be sent to the President’s desk. We thank Chairman B
ARRASSO , Chairman I NHOFE , Ranking Member B
OXER , Leader M CCONNELL , and Leader REIDand their counterparts in the House of Representatives for working with the Montana delegation throughout this process to enact this long-awaited water settlement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.176 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7016 December 9, 2016 
The Blackfeet tribe has been working for better access to quality water and a better livelihood for decades. In 1989, the tribe initiated negotiations with the Montana Compact Commission. Shortly thereafter in 1990, the Depart-ment of the Interior appointed a Fed-eral negotiation team to assist in achieving a negotiated settlement of the tribe’s reserved water rights claims. The State of Montana and the tribe then reached an agreement in 2007 in the form of a compact which settled the tribe’s water rights to avoid costly litigation, allow the tribe to build and repair much-needed water infrastruc-ture, and protect access to water for neighboring communities like Birch Creek water users off the reservation. On March 16, 2009, the Montana State House passed the agreement by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 87– 12, and on March 20, 2009, the Montana State Senate passed the agreement by a nearly unanimous vote of 48–2. Crit-ical to ensuring strong bipartisan sup-port in the State legislature was ensur-ing potential impacts to all water users could be adequately mitigated pursu-ant to the Birch Creek Agreement. Federal legislation to authorize the Compact was first introduced in 2010 and has been reintroduced every Con-gress since, including in the 114th Con-gress by Senator T
ESTER and myself and Representative Z
INKE. Since its initial introduction, the administra-tion has been negotiating with the tribe and the State to resolve impor-tant Federal concerns relating to cost, cost sharing, Federal interests, and Federal responsibilities. On February 3, 2016, the legislation passed the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs for the first time, marking the first com-mittee vote on Indian water rights leg-islation in more than 5 years. On May 24, 2016, the House Committee on Nat-ural Resources held a hearing on the legislation, and on July 22, 2016, the Department of the Interior and Justice issued a letter to House Natural Re-sources Committee Chairman R
OB B
ISHOP certifying that enacting the much needed Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act was a net benefit for the American taxpayer. On November 15, 2016, through the diligence of the entire Montana delega-tion, the House Committee on Natural Resources passed the legislation out of committee, and on September 15, 2016, the Senate passed the legislation as part of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act. Today’s action, final passage of S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Im-provements for the Nation Act, marks the first time legislation authorizing the water rights settlement has passed both Chambers of Congress. Indeed, it has been a long road for this water compact. I am proud to get it over the finish line today. The Blackfeet water settlement will not only establish the tribe’s water rights but will also facilitate real, tan-gible benefits for the Blackfeet and surrounding communities. The bill will improve six significant drainages and several Federal water structures that are some of the oldest and most in need of repair in the country. The compact will also keep wildlife and fish habitat healthier and municipal water supplies cleaner. Furthermore, it upholds agree-ments by the State that will strength-en irrigation for neighboring farmlands called Montana’s golden triangle for its wheat, barley, and hay production. In order to ensure nearby productive farmlands remain productive well into the future, early drafts of the Federal legislation provided funding for the Four Horns infrastructure and for a mitigation fund for Pondera County Canal and Reservoir Company, PCCRC, and other water users on Birch Creek. As farming investment decisions re-quire certainty for the long-term, these funds remain necessary to ensure neighboring families have the cer-tainty necessary to mitigate any im-pacts if the tribe’s ability to exercise its Birch Creek water rights impact communities’ access to water. In 2015, the State, tribe, and PCCRC agreed to additional changes to the leg-islation to address the Department of the Interior’s position that the Federal Government should not provide mitiga-tion funds as a matter of Federal pol-icy, and as a result, Federal mitigation funding was eliminated from the Fed-eral legislation. I appreciate the State of Montana’s commitment to ensure that potential impacts to Birch Creek water users will be fully mitigated by the State as called for by the Birch Creek Agree-ment and the Blackfeet Water Com-pact. I trust that the State of Montana will uphold this commitment, as doing so remains an important aspect of the passage and implementation of the Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement. I also recognize that Blackfeet Na-tion is not the only Indian tribe to hold reserved water rights in the Milk River Basin. The Gros Ventre and Assini-boine Tribes of the Fort Belknap In-dian Community have long awaited settlement of their water rights as well. This bill includes language to protect the ability for the two Tribes to reach an agreement regarding each Tribe’s rights on the Milk River, and I look forward to working with stake-holders on an agreement moving for-ward. I commend the Blackfeet Tribe and Chairman Harry Barnes, who have been diligent and patient in seeing this set-tlement forward. I commend our State for its commitment to the Blackfeet tribe and Indian Country in Montana. I am thrilled to get this through Con-gress and look forward to the Presi-dent’s signature and to working with the tribe and local community next year to finally put it into action, start-ing with securing the Federal funding necessary to ensure much-needed water infrastructure authorized in this set-tlement becomes a reality. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish to applaud the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act. This week, the Senate overwhelmingly passed the NDAA Conference Report, and I am proud that the final bill includes my Fairness for Veterans provision. We have far too many servicemem-bers who are suffering from trauma re-lated conditions like posttraumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain in-jury. Unfortunately, many of these servicemembers have received a less- than-honorable discharge, instead of the help and assistance they have earned. Last year, I introduced the Fairness for Veterans Act. I am proud to say that a modified version of that bill was included as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act. The Peters provision ensures liberal consideration will be given to petitions for changes in characterization of serv-ice related to PTSD or TBI before dis-charge review boards. It also clarifies that PTSD or TBI claims that are re-lated to military sexual trauma should also receive liberal consideration. I would like to thank my col-leagues—Senators DAINES , TILLIS , and G
ILLIBRAND —for joining me in leading the charge on this very important issue. In addition to being a bipartisan effort, this has also been a bicameral effort. I would like to thank Represent-atives M
IKECOFFMAN of Colorado and T
IMWALZof Minnesota who introduced the companion bill in the House and have supported the NDAA provision. Additionally, I would like to thank the many veteran service organizations that advocated tirelessly on behalf of this legislation. These organizations knocked on doors, wrote letters, held press conferences—whatever it took to have their voices heard. I would like to recognize Iraq and Af-ghanistan Veterans of America, Dis-abled Veterans of America, Military Officers Association of America, the American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, Veterans of Foreign Wars, United Soldiers and Sailors of Amer-ica, and Swords to Plowshares. Finally, I would like to thank one veteran in particular: Kristopher Gold-smith. After serving his country, Kris faced his own struggles with PTSD after serving in Operation Iraqi Free-dom. Determined, Kris has channeled his personal struggles into advocacy on behalf of his fellow veterans. He was re-lentless in his quest to ensure that former servicemembers looking to get a change in service characterization had a fair shot. I thank Kris for his service, as well as for his determina-tion. Servicemembers who are coping with invisible wounds inflicted during their service and receive a related bad paper discharge should not lose access to ben-efits they have rightfully earned. That is why we must ensure all veterans get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.162 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7017 December 9, 2016 
the fair process they deserve when peti-tioning for a change in characteriza-tion of their discharge. Fairness for Veterans will do just that. While I am proud that the final NDAA bill includes Fairness for Vet-erans—make no mistake—there is still a great deal more work to be done. I will continue working with the Defense Department to ensure that discharge review boards are providing the appro-priate consideration when reviewing PTSD and TBI related appeals. I applaud the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act, and I in-tend to continue fighting on behalf of our Nation’s veterans. Thank you. 
f 
LEGISLATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, in ac-cordance with my policy to put a no-tice in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  whenever I place a hold on legislation, I object to any unanimous consent re-quest to pass H.R. 6438, a bill to extend the waiver of limitations with respect to excluding from gross income amounts received by wrongfully incar-cerated individuals. I object not be-cause I disagree with the policy under-lying this proposal—in fact, I support it—but because the Senate cannot pass this singular bill ignore the long list of other tax proposals that are out-standing or expiring at end of this Con-gress; among them clean energy and in-frastructure incentives that create good-paying jobs, an education incen-tive that makes a college degree more affordable, provisions to make homes more affordable to the middle class and protect struggling homeowners from a tax bill if they negotiate mortgage debt relief. 
f 
DACA Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I wish today to speak about the need to protect undocumented young people, commonly referred to as DREAMers, from deportation by preserving the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, or DACA. President-Elect Trump has threat-ened to eliminate the program, which would have serious consequences for families and communities across the United States, particularly those in California. That is why I join my colleagues in the Senate to urge that President- Elect Trump allow young people to continue to study, work, and live in our country. The DACA program was announced by President Obama in 2012. It tempo-rarily halts the threat of deportation for undocumented young people who were brought to the United States as children before their 16th birthday. DACA also provides the opportunity to obtain work permits and the docu-ments often required to enroll in col-lege. Around 750,000 young people have been admitted to the program, allow-ing them to come out of the shadows and make incredible contributions to their communities. Nearly half of DREAMers—370,000— live, work and are educated in Cali-fornia. They are an essential part of the fabric of our communities and it is so important for people and the Presi-dent-Elect to know the very real, human side to this issue. I would like to begin with the story of one talented and ambitious Califor-nian who has taken full advantage of the opportunity she had been given by the DACA program. Denisse Rojas arrived in the United States when she was just 10 months old, brought here from Mexico. Like many of our immigrant ancestors, her parents wanted to make a better life for her and her siblings. Denisse’s family is similar to many undocumented families in California. After arriving in Fremont, CA, her fa-ther worked full-time in a restaurant while pursuing his high school diploma at night. Her mother attended community col-lege part-time for 7 years to earn her nursing degree. Denisse excelled in high school, graduating with a 4.3 GPA. She attended U.C. Berkeley, one of the top public universities in the Nation, to study biology and sociology. Denisse dreamed of going to medical school, driven in part by a family mem-ber’s early death from cancer. The dis-ease was diagnosed at a late stage be-cause the family’s immigration status made it impossible to afford health in-surance. Denisse worked as a waitress and commuted an hour each way to classes because she couldn’t afford to live on campus. After graduation, she volun-teered at San Francisco General Hos-pital. Today, Denisse is attending medical school in New York at one of the coun-try’s top programs, and she is on track to earn her degree in 2019. To help other students navigate the admissions process and pursue careers in health and medicine, Denisse cofounded a na-tional nonprofit organization called Pre-Health Dreamers. Pre-Health Dreamers has connected an incredible network of students, and I would like to introduce you to just a couple of them: Oscar Hernandez is a medical student at U.C. Irvine. He grew up in San Diego’s Barrio Logan neigh-borhood and received his bachelor’s de-gree in physiology and neuroscience from U.C. San Diego. Oscar is being specially trained to address the unique challenges in providing health care to California’s Latino communities—a growing need in our State. Seung Lee is a medical student at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA. His family immigrated to the United States from South Korea in 1998. Seung is also pursuing a career in medicine because he wants to help re-duce inequality by increasing access to health care in his community. Through Pre-Health Dreamers, Denisse has helped bring Oscar, Seung, and many other students together as they work toward their goals. After graduation, Denisse intends to specialize in emergency medicine and work in low-income communities to provide health care to families like her own that too often go without needed treatment. Parts of California, particu-larly our rural communities, are very short on doctors. We desperately need people like Denisse who want to work in communities most in need of skilled health care professionals. Without the DACA program, Denisse wouldn’t be able to obtain the license required to practice medicine. She would not have the proper work au-thorization or accompanying docu-ments. And our country would be de-nied a highly qualified, motivated doc-tor. DREAMers are also working in class-rooms across the country. Jaime Ballesteros came to the United States from the Philippines when he was 11 years old. He excelled in school but knew that being undocumented would make it much harder to go to college. Jaime’s English teacher encouraged him to pursue private scholarships, and he enrolled in Drew University, a top school for teachers. Jamie was admitted into the DACA program during his junior year of col-lege. He obtained a work permit and said filing his taxes for the first time was ‘‘one of the happiest days of my life.’’ Jamie wanted to give back to stu-dents facing the same challenges he did, and he joined Teach for America. Today he serves as a 7th grade science teacher at KIPP Academy of Innova-tion, a STEM charter middle school in east Los Angeles. Now, I would like to explain the ap-plication process these young people go through. They need to pay a nearly $500 application fee and provide a wide range of documents to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services showing their identity; proof they came to the United States before their 16th birth-day; proof that they were present in United States on June 15, 2012; proof that they have continuously lived in United States since June 15, 2007; and confirmation that they are or have been students or honorably discharged military veterans. Potential DACA re-cipients must also undergo a criminal background check, during which fin-gerprints and photographs may be col-lected. Those with felony convictions or three or more misdemeanors are in-eligible for the program. Once ap-proved, DREAMers must reapply every 2 years. The renewal process allows the Department of Homeland Security to ensure young people still meet the pro-gram’s requirements. Despite the program’s success, exem-plified by young people like Denisse, Oscar, Seung, Jamie, and many others, President-Elect Trump has threatened to immediately rescind the program. There is a very real fear that DREAM-ers and their families could be targeted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.184 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7018 December 9, 2016 
for deportation under his administra-tion. The fear is compounded because DREAMers trusted the government with their home and work addresses, school information, family details, and other personally identifiable informa-tion. My office has received hundreds of calls and emails from Californians who have been admitted to the program, their families and friends, as well as others who support DACA because they have seen the benefit to their commu-nities. I would like to share just some of the feedback I have received. A pro-fessor from the University of San Fran-cisco shared that a student sobbed in her arms in the first class after Elec-tion Day. And a wife from Forest Lake feared that her husband’s status would be revoked and their family could be separated. She wrote, ‘‘Under a Trump presi-dency, I, a U.S. citizen, may need to leave my home and start a new life in Mexico. Family is family, and where my husband goes, I go.’’ This is unacceptable and not the America I know. We can’t allow whole communities in this country to live in fear. Upon his election, President-Elect Trump said he wants to be the Presi-dent for all Americans. I would urge him to meet some of these young peo-ple. He would see that DREAMers are fiercely patriotic. He would see that, in every way that matters, DREAMers are Americans. They were educated here, they work here, they pay taxes, and they con-tribute to communities across Amer-ica. And he would see that they want to be accepted and integrated into Amer-ican society. Unequivocally stating that he will not overturn DACA and will not target DREAMers for deportation would send a strong message that President-Elect Trump is serious about turning the page from the toxic campaign rhetoric and being a President for all Ameri-cans. In the event that President-Elect Trump doesn’t change course, Senators D
ICKDURBIN and L INDSEY GRAHAM have committed to introducing legislation to extend deferred action status for those who currently have it. I will join this effort. I want to be crystal clear: this Senator will not sit by and do nothing if these young peo-ple are targeted for deportation. We have a moral obligation to do all we can to shield the DREAMers from deportation and keep their families to-gether. This is not a matter of politics. This is about what is right as Ameri-cans and human beings. Denisse, Oscar, and Seung deserve the opportunity to earn their medical degrees. Jamie deserves the oppor-tunity to continue teaching. They and other DREAMers deserve the oppor-tunity to give back to their country— the United States of America—and I pledge that I will work to give them that opportunity. NOMINATION OF MARY MCELROY Mr. REED. Mr. President, I join with my fellow Senator from the State of Rhode Island, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , to urge this body to confirm Mary McElroy to the U.S. District Court for the District of Rhode Island. Ms. McElroy is an eminently quali-fied and dedicated public servant whose nomination was reported unanimously to this body by the Judiciary Com-mittee in January of this year. She, along with 20 other district court nominees from States represented by Members from both sides of the aisle, has undergone the required rigorous vetting process and passed through committee only to have her nomina-tion stalled on the floor of this body. We should confirm all of these nomi-nees right now before the 114th Con-gress draws to a close. I have been proud to support Mary’s nomination at every step of this proc-ess. Her legal career has spanned more than 20 years from her time as a para-legal in the Rhode Island Attorney General’s office while attending law school at night, clerking for Associate Justice Donald F. Shea of the Rhode Is-land Supreme Court, private practice, and her work in the State and Federal public defender offices. Throughout her career, she has shown the highest lev-els of integrity and professionalism and earned the respect and support of Rhode Island’s law enforcement com-munity. It is a shame that this Congress may come to a close before Mary can re-ceive what I am sure would be a very strong floor vote in favor of her con-firmation. Mary has the full support of her home State and the legal commu-nity to assume this role and no asser-tion to the contrary has been made at any time since her nomination by the President. Should we not take up and pass her nomination this week, as we should have for all these intervening months since the action by the Judici-ary Committee, it is my hope that her nomination returns to this body and is given a fair hearing swiftly in the new year. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I would like to associate myself with all of the comments made by Senator R
EED. With 90 judicial vacancies in our Article III courts and 32 judicial emer-gencies, there is no excuse for failing to confirm nominees who have been re-ported to the Senate floor. Mary McElroy has undergone the nomination and committee processes with grace and dignity. These processes are intense and time-consuming. She, her husband, Bob, and their two chil-dren, have put their lives on hold in order for her to accept this responsi-bility as a public servant. Mary and the 20 other district court nominees await-ing a floor vote—many of whom have waited for over than a year—should be confirmed immediately. TRIBUTE TO HARRY REID Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the service of my friend, the Senator from Nevada, and the Democratic leader, HARRY REID. Senator R
EID’s career on Capitol Hill began long before any of us. Back in 1961, Senator R
EIDcame to work at the U.S. Capitol for the first time, though not as a Member. While Senator R
EIDwas working his way through Law School, he spent his nights as an officer for the U.S. Capitol Police, the force that protects the U.S. Congress, in order to support his fam-ily. Senator R
EIDis an inspiration to us all and an incredible fighter. By the way, I do mean that literally. We all know about his early career as a boxer. In fact, two champion ‘‘Boxers’’ in the Senate are retiring at the end of this session, and we are going to miss both of them. I also mean that H
ARRY REIDnever gives up. When he was in high school, he walked 40 miles twice a week so he could get an education. When he and his wife Landra fell in love—he was told by her family that they could never be together. They have had a lifelong love affair and are so proud of their five children and now their grandchildren. From the beginning in public service, Senator R
EIDhas fought for the best interests of the people of Nevada and the American people. In the Nevada State Assembly, he wrote Nevada’s first air pollution legis-lation and worked on issues like con-sumer protection and public land usage. As chair of the Nevada Gaming Com-mission, he ignored threats and cleaned up the gaming industry. Since being elected in the Senate in 1987, Senator R
EID’s accomplishments are almost too numerous to count. The list goes on and on. Through it all, he has never ever given up. He has fought to defend the environment of his beau-tiful home State. He made strides in combatting ALS— writing legislation creating a registry that provides researchers with the crit-ical knowledge they need to combat that terrible disease. He has shepherded some of the most critical legislative accomplishments in the past 8 years through the Senate. He led the effort to create and pass the American Recovery and Reinvest-ment Act, saving millions of jobs. He helped our economy begin to recover. He was responsible for making sure the ACA passed in 2010. So many people have gotten the care they have needed, their lives have been saved, by the work that he has done. As leader of the Caucus, he has been responsible for bringing so many of us into this Chamber. He said it himself: ‘‘You have to stand up, even when you think you’re not gonna win, if you think some-thing’s right.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7019 December 9, 2016 
He stood up. He fought the good fight. He fought for all of us. I know that he still have so much to give. Senator, thank you for your incred-ible service. Thank you for being such a generous and wonderful friend to me and to my family. I wish you, Landra, and your family many more years of happiness and good work. We will all miss you dearly. 
f 
TRIBUTES TO BARBARA MIKULSKI Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a dear friend and colleague, Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , as she retires after three decades in the U.S. Senate. Senator M
IKULSKI has been serving the people of Maryland in one form or another for more than 50 years. From her time as a social worker helping at-risk children and seniors, to the Baltimore City Council, to her four decades of service in the United States Congress, Senator M
IKULSKI has always been a strong champion for women, for working families, and for Maryland. On the rare occasion I have found myself on the other side of an issue from Senator M
IKULSKI , as we in Vir-ginia occasionally have been, I actu-ally find myself wishing Maryland had a little bit less of a tenacious advocate in the Senate than B
ARBARA MIKULSKI . But luckily for me, I have much more often had the good fortune to be stand-ing side-by-side with Senator M
IKUL-
SKI. I have been proud to work with her and learn from her on a great many issues which will remain her legacies even after she leaves the Senate. In her position on the Senate Appro-priations Committee, for instance, Senator M
IKULSKI has been instru-mental in making sure the Federal Government abides by its commit-ments to Metro, and we have worked together to improve oversight of the system’s safety. In an environment where they are more often treated as political punch-ing bags than like the dedicated public servants they are, Federal employees have always known that they can count on Senator M
IKULSKI to have their backs. Senator M
IKULSKI might occasionally have trouble reaching the micro-phones—but when it comes to the issues affecting women, children, work-ing families, and Maryland, Senator M
IKULSKI ’s voice is nearly always the loudest voice in the room. Today there are more students in school, more women in the workforce, and fewer seniors living in poverty as a result of her determination and her leadership. It is well known in this body that Senator M
IKULSKI is a force of nature, with a wit to match. Her signature one-liners aren’t just funny—though they usually are—but she also has a way of cutting to the heart of the issue and speaking directly to people that I know will be greatly missed by both her colleagues and her constituents. It is no surprise that the people of Maryland have chosen, over and over again, to send this extraordinary lead-er back to the Senate on their behalf. Today there are 20 women Senators, but when BARBARA MIKULSKI first de-cided to ‘‘suit up’’ and run for the Sen-ate, women in public office at any level were a rarity indeed—rarer still in this body. Thirty years after President Reagan, campaigning for her opponent in that first Senate race, predicted that B
AR-
BARA MIKULSKI would go the way of other short-lived fads like the ‘‘Edsel, the hula hoop, and the all-asparagus diet,’’ Senator M
IKULSKI retires from the Senate as the longest serving woman in Congressional history. So while she may be leaving us here in the Senate, one of Senator B
ARB’s greatest legacies may be inspiring gen-erations of American women to follow in her footsteps. Senator M
IKULSKI , thank you for your service and your friendship. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the many accomplishments of my colleague Senator B
ARBARA MI-
KULSKI , the dean of the Senate women. When she took office during the 100th Congress in 1987, B
ARBARA was the first Democratic woman Senator elected in her own right. There were only two women Senators at the time, B
ARBARA  and Nancy Kassebaum. Certain expec-tations that we could consider arcane, such as women were expected to wear skirts or dresses on the floor, were still in place. In 1993, B
ARBARA , Nancy, and their staffs mounted a simple protest— they wore trousers on the Senate floor. ‘‘The Senate parliamentarian had looked at the rules to see if it was okay,’’ she recounted. ‘‘So, I walk on that day and you would have thought I was walking on the moon. It caused a big stir.’’ As someone who rarely wears skirts and only wears pantsuits on the Senate floor, I and many others are grateful. This simple act of commonsense defi-ance, if you will, in a body steeped in tradition, exemplifies B
ARBARA ’s ap-proach to getting things done and get-ting on with the important matters of the day. That she is a trailblazer goes without saying. Throughout her time in the Senate, B
ARBARA has fought for equal pay for equal work. The gender pay gap costs women hundreds of thousands of dol-lars over their lifetime. She led the charge in the Senate to pass the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, and I am proud to stand with her in calling for the passage of the Paycheck Fairness Act and other equal pay proposals. As our dean, usually over dinner, we get to know each other on a personal level. In a body where these opportuni-ties are rare, it matters. During the summer of 2014, it was my turn to host our gathering. I greeted each Senator with a lei, served local food from Ha-waii, and hosted a hula performance. The Aloha spirit was definitely present. The next day, BARBARA told me that the dinner was very special and gave her a better understanding about what it must be like to be in Hawaii. It meant a lot to me for B
ARBARA to make that observation because Hawaii truly is a special place where embrac-ing and caring for others, our ohana, is how we aspire to live. B
ARBARA has shown her Aloha spirit to me and so many others throughout her time in public service. I will miss her wit, leadership, drive, and compas-sion. Aloha, B
ARBARA , and a hui hou, ‘‘until we meet again.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA BOXER Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the contributions of my colleague and friend, Senator B
AR-
BARA BOXER . While her distinguished time in the House and Senate comes to a close at the end of the 114th Con-gress, she will continue to be engaged and serve her community. During her more than 30 years in the House and Senate, B
ARBARA worked tirelessly to create a better future for all Americans. When she first an-nounced that she would run for the Senate in 1990, B
ARBARA declared, ‘‘I will be running based on issues of the environment, a world of peace, eco-nomic prosperity, individual freedom of choice and freedom of the arts.’’ This declaration defined her time in Congress. Becoming the first woman to chair the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works reflected her decades of dedication to protecting the environ-ment. B
ARBARA was unafraid to take on big oil, and fought to block oil drill-ing in the Arctic National Wildlife Ref-uge in Alaska. She also led the effort in the Senate to invest in the develop-ment of clean energy technology and to strengthen protections for our oceans. B
ARBARA knew that, for many, achieving ‘‘economic prosperity’’ meant attaining a college education. But the soaring cost of college keeps them from attaining a degree. Each year, B
ARBARA was one of the strongest leaders to ensure that college students have access to Pell grants, which near-ly half of college students in our coun-try depend upon. B
ARBARA ’s advocacy moved the ball forward, and I was proud to join her in crafting a caucus- wide bill that included our provisions to strengthen and protect Pell grants, and lower interest rates on student debt. B
ARBARA also never forgot her prom-ise to protect ‘‘freedom of choice.’’ She authored the Freedom of Choice Act of 2004, which would have affirmed that ‘‘every woman has the fundamental right’’ to make her own reproductive health decisions. Without fail, B
AR-
BARA leads us each and every time that access to reproductive health care comes under attack. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.181 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7020 December 9, 2016 
While B ARBARA ’s departure leaves the Senate without one of its strongest champions for the environment, col-lege affordability, and reproductive rights, we will continue to fight for these core priorities as she would have done. It has been a privilege to serve along-side a steadfast champion like B
AR-
BARA . She has served Maryland with utter conviction, and I know she will con-tinue to be a progressive force in this new chapter of her life. Aloha, B
ARBARA , and a hui hou, ‘‘until we meet again.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTES TO DEPARTING SENATORS Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, much of the time here in the Senate, we are en-gaged in pretty fierce partisan battles. I would like to take a break from that for a moment and talk about the four Republican Senators who will not be back when the 115th Congress convenes next month. While we may have dif-ferent political philosophies and policy prescriptions, I respect and admire each of them, and I will miss working with all of them. 
KELLY AYOTTE  
Mr. President, Senator A YOTTE and I serve together on the Small Business Committee. I have seen firsthand her commitment to helping small busi-nesses in New Hampshire and across the Nation. She is like so many other Senators, past and present, from New England States: pragmatic and willing to reach across the aisle to get things done. Prior to her election to the Senate, Senator A
YOTTE served as the chief of New Hampshire’s Homicide Unit and deputy attorney general before she be-came the State’s first female attorney general in 2004. She was appointed to that position by a Republican Gov-ernor, but she was reappointed twice by a Democratic Governor. In the short span of one Senate term, Senator A
YOTTE has become a re-spected voice on national security issues while serving on the Armed Services Committee and the Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs Com-mittee. Foreign Policy magazine listed Senator A
YOTTE as one of the top 50 Republicans on international affairs. Senator A
YOTTE comes from a mili-tary family and is married to an Iraq War veteran—Lieutenent Colonel Joe Daley—so she has been a staunch sup-porter of our men and women in uni-form and their families. Senator A
YOTTE has worked hard to give New Hampshire veterans more choices when it comes to health care since the State does not have a full- service Veterans Administration, VA, medical facility. To help veterans in New Hampshire’s North Country access care closer to home, she successfully pushed for the opening of VA clinics in Colebrook and Berlin. Senator A
YOTTE has been a leader in the fight against opioid abuse and ad-diction, helping Congress to pass the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act, CARA, to improve prevention and treatment, support those in recov-ery, and ensure first responders have the tools they need. She helped to pass legislation to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, crack down on sexual assault in the military, make college campuses safer, and improve mental health first aid training and suicide prevention programs. Senator AYOTTE has followed in the footsteps of other Republican Senators from New England, such as Robert Stafford of Vermont and John Chafee of Rhode Island, who are true conserv-atives when it comes to the environ-ment. She crossed party lines to vote for Federal clean air rules that protect New Hampshire’s air and water from cross-State pollution and to deploy the best available technology to reduce pollution from energy production. She helped pass the Better Buildings Act to encourage greater energy efficiency in commercial buildings, and she has been a strong supporter of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which has helped protect thousands of acres in New Hampshire. I have enjoyed working with Senator A
YOTTE and send my best wishes to her and her husband, Joe, and their chil-dren Katherine and Jacob. 
DAN COATS  
Mr. President, there is a famous quote attributed to the American au-thor F. Scott Fitzgerald: ‘‘There are no second acts in American lives.’’ We all know that to be untrue and, as it turns out, so did Fitzgerald, who was quintessentially American. What he ac-tually wrote, in an essay called ‘‘My Lost City,’’ is this: ‘‘I once thought that were no second acts in American lives.’’ If we want to see a successful ‘‘sec-ond act’’ we need to look no further than to the senior Senator from Indi-ana, Mr. C
OATS . He is actually on about his fourth act. Senator C
OATS graduated from Whea-ton College and then began his long service to our Nation by enlisting in the U.S. Army. Following his military service, he attended the Indiana Uni-versity Robert H. McKinney School of Law. He excelled academically, becom-ing associate editor of the Indiana Law Review, and earned his juris doctor de-gree. Senator C
OATS served as a district representative to then-Representative Dan Quayle. When Dan Quayle was elected to the Senate in 1980, D
AN C
OATS won his House seat and was re-elected four times, never receiving less than 60 percent of the vote. When Dan Quayle was elected Vice President in 1988, D
ANCOATS was appointed to the Senate seat being vacated and then won elections in 1990 and 1992. During what I will call Senator C
OATS ’ ‘‘first’’ congressional career, he focused on cutting taxes and govern-ment spending and reforming entitle-ment programs. In 1998, he honored a term limit pledge he had made to his Hoosier constituents and did not run for reelection to the Senate. For many people, 18 years in Con-gress might be enough, but Senator COATS was just getting started. After he left the Senate, he joined the pres-tigious law firm of Verner, Liipfert, Bernhard, McPherson and Hand. In 2001, then-President Bush nominated Senator C
OATS to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany. He ar-rived in Germany just 3 days before the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. In the aftermath of 9/11, Ambassador Coats established excellent relations with then-opposition leader and future German Chancellor Angela Merkel—a crucial ally—and managed the con-struction of a new U.S. Embassy in the heart of Berlin, next to the Branden-burg Gate. Senator C
OATS served honorably as Ambassador for 3 and one-half years and then returned to practicing law at another ‘‘blue chip’’ law firm, King & Spalding. But he also served as presi-dent of Big Brothers Big Sisters of America and on the boards of many civic and volunteer organizations, in-cluding the Center for Jewish and Christian Values, which he cochaired with Senator Joe Lieberman. And Sen-ator C
OATS and his wife, Marsha, formed the Foundation For American Renewal to continue their engagement in faith-based initiatives. Senator C
OATS began his ‘‘second’’ congressional career by running suc-cessfully for his old Senate seat in 2010. During Senator C
OATS ’ second stint, I have had the pleasure of serving with him on the Finance Committee, where we worked together to help charities receive timely notice on issues related to their tax-exempt status. I appreciate Senator C
OATS ’ calm and steady de-meanor, the diligence he applies to his work, and the civility he extends to his colleagues. Senator C
OATS may be retiring from the Senate, but I have a hunch there will be yet another successful act in his long, distinguished career. While we may have policy disagreements, I have no doubt that Senator C
OATS is com-mitted to the common good and will find new ways to serve. I anticipate, however, that he will also seek to spend more time with his wife, Marsha, whom he met in college, their three children, and their 10 grandchildren. 
MARK KIRK  
Mr. President, John Kennedy wrote ‘‘Profiles in Courage’’ nearly 50 years ago. But for the last 6 years, we have had yet another profile in courage here in the Senate: the junior Senator from Illinois, Mr. K
IRK. In 2012, he suffered a devastating ischemic stroke. He had to relearn how to do basic things, like walking. It took a year of intensive physical therapy at the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago—physical therapy that has been likened to boot camp. When he returned on January 3, 2013, and climbed the 45 steps of the Capitol Building to reenter the Senate, it was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.158 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7021 December 9, 2016 
a truly inspirational moment none of us will forget. Senator K
IRKis an Illinois native, from Champaign. He received his B.A. in history from Cornell University, graduating cum laude. He went on to earn a master’s degree from the Lon-don School of Economics and a law de-gree from Georgetown University. While he practiced law at the law firm of Baker & McKenzie, most of his adult life has been spent in public service. Senator K
IRKjoined the U.S. Navy Reserve as a direct commission officer in the intelligence career field in 1989. He was recalled to Active Duty for the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia; par-ticipated in Operation Northern Watch in Iraq, which enforced the no-fly zone, in 2000; and later served three reserve deployments in Afghanistan. He retired from the Navy Reserve with the rank of commander. Senator K
IRKworked for Representa-tive John Porter and at the World Bank and the State Department. He came back to the Hill to serve as a counsel to the House International Re-lations Committee, as it was known at the time. When Representative Porter retired, he successfully ran for the seat of his former boss and went on to win reelection four times. I had the pleas-ure of serving with both Representa-tive Porter and then-Representative K
IRKwhile I was in the House. And then he was elected to the Senate in 2010, to the seat President Obama pre-viously held. During Senator K
IRK’s 16-year con-gressional career, he has demonstrated that he puts country above party, most notably by supporting the common-sense assault weapon ban. More re-cently, he was the first Republican Senator to meet with President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland. And he was the first Republican Senator to call for hearings and a vote on this superbly qualified individual, a position applauded by Crain’s Chicago Business journal. Senator K
IRKis a staunch supporter of Israel and has been at the forefront of efforts to ensure that a robust sanc-tions regime remains in place against Iran if it fails to comply with the terms of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Act, JCPOA. I have been pleased to work with Senator K
IRKon S. 1882, the Nepal Recovery Act. That bill is on the legislative calendar; it would be a fit-ting tribute to Senator K
IRKif the Sen-ate can pass it before the end of the 114th Congress. I know that Senator K
IRKis justifi-ably proud of chairing the Appropria-tions Subcommittee on Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies. Under his stewardship, Congress is poised to pass record health care funding for our veterans. He serves as the cochair of the bipartisan Senate Great Lakes Task Force, which promotes the economic vitality and en-vironmental health of the Great Lakes, which provide drinking water to 40 mil-lion Americans and Canadians. He au-thored the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative authorization bill and helped to secure $300 million in funding to im-plement it. During the 112th and 113th Con-gresses, Senator KIRKhad an awesome responsibility all Senators appreciate: his desk on the Senate Floor—Desk No. 95—was the ‘‘candy desk.’’ He kept the desk stocked with sweets made in Illi-nois such as Mars, Milky Way, Jelly Belly, and Snickers, helping to support an industry that employs over 3,000 people in his home State. Senator K
IRKsuffered a life-threat-ening stroke. It temporarily slowed him down, but he returned to the Sen-ate where his courage, grace, dignity, collegiality, and resolve will continue to inspire all of us long after he departs next month for his next great endeav-or. I wish him well. 
DAVID VITTER  
Mr. President, Senator V ITTER is probably one of the most conservative Senators and yet has a long record of bipartisan accomplishments on behalf of his home State and the Nation. I have enjoyed serving on the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Com-mittee, which he has chaired for the past 2 years. During that time, the committee has reported nearly 30 bills, 8 of which have been signed into law so far. One of those bills, Senator V
IT-
TER’s Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act—the RISE After Disaster Act—will help small businesses recover from disasters more rapidly. Considering that small businesses are major employers and the lynchpins of their communities, help-ing them to recover is crucial. Senator V
ITTER is a Louisiana na-tive, born in New Orleans. He was an excellent student and went on to earn his A.B. from Harvard. He attended Ox-ford University as a Rhodes scholar, earning a B.A., and then he earned his law degree from Tulane. He was elected to the Louisiana House of Representa-tives in 1992; in 1999, he won a special election to succeed then-Representa-tive Bob Livingston to represent the State’s First Congressional District. He was reelected in 2000 and 2002 with more than 80 percent of the vote in each instance. In 2004, he won the Sen-ate seat being vacated by John Breaux. That election was historic; he became the first Republican in Louisiana to be popularly elected as a U.S. Senator. The State’s last Republican Senator, William Pitt Kellogg, was chosen by the State’s legislature in 1876, back be-fore the 17th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was adopted. Senator V
IT-
TERwas reelected in 2010 with 57 per-cent of the vote. Senator V
ITTER has had a productive career as a legislator. On June 22, 2016, President Obama signed into law the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, which amends the Toxic Substances Control Act, TSCA, the Nation’s primary chemicals management law. Senator V
ITTER was the lead Republican sponsor of this measure, working first with our be-loved former colleague, Senator Lau-tenberg, and then with Senator UDALL . The new law, which received bipartisan support in both the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, will make it easier for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, to review the safety of chemicals already on the market and the new ones being devel-oped, and it provides a stable source of funding for EPA to meet the law’s re-quirements, a huge step forward with respect to chemical safety. Senator V
ITTER has been instru-mental in developing and passing im-portant public works bills, including the current Water Resources Develop-ment Act, WRDA, reauthorization. While he has been an architect of our Nation’s infrastructure policies, he has also been sensitive to the concerns of his home State. Thanks to his involve-ment in the past several surface trans-portation bills, Louisiana is no longer a ‘‘donor’’ State with respect to the highway trust fund; the State receives $1.06 in spending for every $1.00 it sends to Washington in gasoline taxes. Sen-ator V
ITTER was stalwart when one of the Nation’s worst natural disasters— Hurricane Katrina—devastated Lou-isiana and the rest of the Gulf Coast in 2005 and again in the wake of the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010. He coauthored the RESTORE Act, which directs 80 percent of the Clean Water Act fines levied against BP—$5.5 bil-lion—to the States whose fisheries, shorelines, and economies were deci-mated by the spill. Senator V
ITTER has numerous other legislative accomplishments. To men-tion just a few, he authored the Steve Gleason Act, which helps people af-flicted with diseases such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, by making it easier for them to acquire speech-generating devices. He reformed the Federal Reserve Board by putting in place the requirement that at least one sitting board member must have community banking experience. And he successfully elevated Barksdale Air Force Base’s Global Strike Command to four-star general status. I mentioned a moment ago that Sen-ator V
ITTER is a conservative. He and I have vast differences of opinion on many issues. But that is ok; that is the nature of the Senate. The genius of our system of government is that it al-lows—and encourages—people with dif-ferent points of view to come together and agree on legislation that moves our country forward, and that is some-thing Senator V
ITTER has been able to do over his career. I send my best wish-es to Senator V
ITTER , his wife, Wendy, and their children Sophie, Lise, Airey, and Jack. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I want to pay tribute to two colleagues who are retiring at the end of this year, Senator B
OXER and Senator M I-
KULSKI , two remarkable Democratic women Senators leaving the Senate as four new women come in. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.160 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7022 December 9, 2016 
BARBARA BOXER  
Mr. President, for more than 40 years, B
ARBARA BOXER has committed her life to public service, over 30 of them in Washington, first in the House of Representatives and, since 1993, in the U.S. Senate. When asked what advice she would give to her successor, Senator B
OXER  said she should not be afraid to fight the good fight every single day. And that is what Senator B
OXER has done. Over the past four decades, she has been an advocate for medical re-search, women, workers, the environ-ment, and infrastructure. As ranking member of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee, B
ARBARA BOXER urged Congress and the country to confront climate change, creating the Climate Action Task Force with Senator S
HELDON  W
HITEHOUSE . In closing, I am reminded of what Robert Kennedy once said: ‘‘The pur-pose of life is to contribute in some way to make things better.’’ Senator B
OXER has told us that, while she is leaving the Senate to re-turn to California, she does not intend to end her life of service. She will con-tinue to work to make things better. We wish her well and we thank her for her public service in the House and here in the Senate. 
BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Mr. President, this year we are also saying farewell to our colleague, B
AR-
BARA MIKULSKI , the senior Senator from Maryland. Senator M
IKULSKI first entered poli-tics almost 50 years ago when she was elected to the Baltimore City Council in 1971. Five years later, she was elect-ed to the U.S. House of Representatives and, a decade after that, she was elect-ed to the U.S. Senate. Senator M
IKULSKI is the longest serv-ing woman in the history of Congress and is the first woman Senator to be elected in her own right. These achievements are notable, but they are not what inspired B
ARBARA to come to work every day. Senator M
IKULSKI one remarked that, ‘‘Each one of us can make a difference. Together, we make change.’’ And that is what B
ARBARA MIKULSKI sought to do every day. As a member of the Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee, Senator M
IKULSKI has championed edu-cation, workers’ rights, and health care. She has stood up for our children and our seniors. As a member of the Appropriations Committee since she arrived in the Senate, B
ARBARA MIKULSKI has worked tirelessly to ensure that the programs that advance those priorities receive the funding they need to be successful. Margaret Chase Smith once said, ‘‘Public service must be more than doing a job efficiently and honestly. It must be a complete dedication to the people and the nation.’’ Senator M
IKULSKI dedicated her life to the people of Maryland and the country. We will miss her in this Chamber and wish her well. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, as this eventful 114th Congress draws to a close, today I wish to honor a number of our colleagues who will be ending their service in the Senate. I was a newcomer to the Senate at the begin-ning of this Congress and the only Democrat in the freshman Senate class of 2014. I am eternally grateful for the guidance and wisdom of my fellow Sen-ators, particularly those with decades of experience fighting for the American people. Constituents, colleagues, and historians will recount their accom-plishments for years to come, but I will take a few minutes now to convey some brief words of praise and grati-tude. HARRY REID  
Mr. President, it has been a great honor to serve in the Senate under the leadership of Senate Democratic Lead-er H
ARRY REID. Senator R EID has taught us all what it means to rep-resent one’s State in the U.S. Senate, doing everything one can to fight hard for the people back home. In his nearly 30 years in the Senate, Senator R
EID has mastered the rules and traditions of this institution and used them to de-liver victories for the people of his state and the nation. Senator R
EIDis always ready to lend an ear and a helping hand to his Demo-cratic colleagues; yet he listens most intently to his constituents. He never stops thinking about how to ensure that they have access to well-paying jobs, health care, education, and a bet-ter future for their children. Senator R
EIDhas supported economic develop-ment and infrastructure investments that have created jobs throughout the country. After the 2008 financial crisis, when millions of homes were underwater and the existence of the American auto in-dustry hung in the balance, Senator R
EID helped craft a compromise to begin our economic recovery. I am grateful for his strong support of the American auto industry during this crisis, which helped us pass essential legislation to restructure Michigan’s automotive manufacturers and rebuild our communities. I was also proud to work with him and other leaders on the Dodd-Frank Act, which holds Big Banks accountable and helps safeguard American families to prevent another crisis and build a healthier economy. Senator R
EID’s contributions are too many to name, from advancing afford-able health care coverage for millions of Americans, to defending labor pro-tections and our social safety net. Through it all, Senator R
EIDhas dem-onstrated an unwavering commitment to the details of policymaking and to his constituents. Senator R
EID’s legacy and the mem-ory of his tireless work ethic will con-tinue to inspire us to keep working hard, like our constituents do every day, to make their lives better. Sen-ator R
EIDunderstands and reminds us all that hard work, faith in each other, and faith in our country are what allow us to endure and improve as a nation. I thank Senator REIDfor his great service, his guidance, and the convic-tion with which he leaves us as our country continues to move forward. 
BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Mr. President, I would also like to honor Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , who blazed a trail for women in the Senate and always looks out for the members of our communities no matter their gender, race, or identity. As the father of two daughters, as well as a son, I greatly admire Senator M
IKULSKI ’s work to break barriers for women. She has fiercely fought to ensure that all women have access to essential health care services, is a champion for equal pay, and passed legislation that ex-panded childcare access for all fami-lies. A daughter of Baltimore and a former social worker, Senator M
IKUL-
SKIalso knows the challenges that our communities face. She has been dedi-cated to supporting our older, indus-trial communities like Baltimore and Detroit so that they can compete in the new economy. I would also like to recognize her leadership as Vice chair-woman on the Appropriations Com-mittee. We owe her a debt of gratitude for her eagle eye and unrelenting spirit in defending essential programs in areas including health care, education, job creation, infrastructure, and na-tional security. Our work on breaking down barriers and advancing these pri-orities is not yet done, but I thank Senator M
IKULSKI for leading the way. 
BARBARA BOXER  
Mr. President, Senator B ARBARA  B
OXER is also a trailblazing woman and a fierce advocate for what is best for her State, and I have been honored to get to know her through our work in the Senate. Throughout her career, Senator B
OXER has fought for common-sense consumer and environmental pro-tections to make us safer. She has been an incredible partner in our fight this year to end the water crisis in Flint, MI, and to reduce the threat of drink-ing water contamination in cities across the Nation. Senator B
OXER knows that we must protect our children and communities from the grave effects of environ-mental contamination by investing in our aging infrastructure and maintain-ing vigilance. We must also provide the extra care, education, and health care services that these children and com-munities need to recover. She has always been a champion for children, from establishing the first federally funded afterschool program to protecting children from contami-nated products. Just as importantly, Senator B
OXER has been a leader in protecting the natural resources these future generations will inherit. Her victories for clean water, job-creating smart infrastructure projects, and en-vironmental protections should inspire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.161 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7023 December 9, 2016 
us to keeping looking toward the fu-ture as we help our great States thrive today. 
DAVID VITTER  
Mr. President, in a Congress where bipartisanship is all too rare, I have been honored to work with many Re-publican colleagues on commonsense, bipartisan solutions. Senator D
AVID V
ITTER has served as chairman of the Senate Small Business Committee, of which I am a member, and has been a consummate partner on issues affect-ing Michigan’s small businesses. On the Small Business Committee, we have been able to pass significant legislation to ensure that small businesses have the resources they need to compete, ex-pand, and give back to their commu-nities. We extended the SBA 7(a) Fed-eral loan program to provide thousands of small businesses with financing at no cost to American taxpayers. To-gether, we introduced legislation that will provide patent education to small businesses. We also introduced legisla-tion that will help small businesses plan for and protect against cyber se-curity attacks. I am glad to have col-leagues like Senator V
ITTER who be-lieve that no issue is too small when it comes to supporting support job cre-ation and economic growth. 
DAN COATS  
Mr. President, I would also like to extend my warm wishes to Senator D
ANCOATS . He has served ably as chairman of the Joint Economic Com-mittee, and I have been proud to sit on the committee during his tenure. He has convened important hearings to discuss essential issues including the Federal debt, the effects of automation on our economy, tax reform, and eco-nomic growth. I appreciate his con-sistent efforts to create a bipartisan forum where we can discuss innovative ideas for addressing our Nation’s eco-nomic challenges. As a fellow Mid-westerner, Senator C
OATS knows that we must have big ideas and bigger hearts as we move forward, committed to helping all Americans achieve the future they deserve. 
KELLY AYOTTE  
Mr. President, I also had the pleasure of serving with Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE  on the Senate committees on Small Business, Commerce, and Homeland Security and Government Affairs. She has been a pragmatic partner on legis-lation as varied as the Northern Border Security Review Act, which will strengthen American security at the northern border with Canada, and the Manufacturing Extension Partnership Improvement Act, which would expand a public-private partnership to help businesses get their products to mar-ket. We also introduced the Pet and Women Safety Act to protect victims of domestic violence from emotional trauma caused by acts or threats of vi-olence against their pets. I respect Sen-ator A
YOTTE ’s dedication to these issues. As a father, I also admire Sen-ator A
YOTTE ’s great work raising two young children while in the Senate. I wish her family all the best in their next adventure. MARK KIRK  
Mr. President, another colleague from the Midwest, Senator M
ARKKIRK, has served with distinction in the Sen-ate. Like me, Senator K
IRKalso served as an officer in the U.S. Navy Reserve. We have collaborated on efforts to help veterans suffering from PTSD, protect wildlife habitats and improve water quality in the Great Lakes, extend Medicare coverage for Americans at risk for diabetes, and even establish the Senate Albanian Caucus. I admire the strength and resolve Senator K
IRK has exhibited throughout his Senate term and wish him continued success. It has been a privilege to work with such talented and committed col-leagues. I wish them all the best in this next chapter of their lives and thank them for their work. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the service of a former colleague and our current Vice President, J
OEBIDEN. J
OEwas born in Pennsylvania but moved with his family to Delaware when he was 13. He left Delaware for brief stints at St. Helena School and Syracuse University Law School, but he has always returned to Delaware, including the daily trips he made home during his Senate career and the reg-ular trips he makes home to this day. Because of his devotion to Delaware, J
OEquickly got his start in politics, first on the New Castle County Council and then in the U.S. Senate, where he became the fifth youngest U.S. Senator in history in 1972. He also has the dis-tinction of being Delaware’s longest serving Senator. I worked with J
OEon many different issues during his time in the Senate and served on the Foreign Relations Committee when he was our chairman. J
OEis known as a foreign affairs ex-pert, and he has many reasons to be proud of the work he has done in that area. One of those things that we worked on together was the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief. I remember being at the 2003 State of the Union speech when President Bush said, ‘‘We’re going to put $15 billion into an AIDS effort.’’ That shocked all of us who were there. It was a lot of money. But we worked together to de-velop a bill that passed the House and Senate unanimously. J
OEmanaged the floor when we reau-thorized that program in 2008, and we worked with Senators Coburn, B
URR, and Lugar to develop that reauthoriza-tion. At the time, J
OEsuggested histo-rians will regard PEPFAR as President Bush’s ‘‘single finest hour,’’ and I tend to agree. A few years ago I visited the Kasisi Orphanage in Zambia. We were told that, before PEPFAR, they had to bury 18 kids a month that died of AIDS, but because of PEPFAR, they got that down to one a month. I know JOEshares my pride in the difference that program is making. We were all a little sad to see J
OE move to the White House in 2009, when he became our 47th Vice President. Lucky for us, he has been able to keep his ties to the Senate in his role as President of this body, and I think he has been one of our best partners in the administration. All of us were glad to be able to rec-ognize J
OEand his son, Beau Biden, by naming the cancer section of 21st Cen-tury Cures Act after Beau. I expect J
OE will continue to be a voice for ending cancer, and I hope to work with him towards that cause. J
OE, Diana and I send our best to you, Jill, and your family. You have served the people of Delaware and the people of the United States with dis-tinction. 
f 
HONORING PRIVATE FIRST CLASS JOHN R. ALLMAN Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to say a few words about PFC John R. Allman. John was born November 22, 1963, in Carlsbad, NM. He played fierce football for the Carlsbad High School Cavemen and graduated in 1982. John always wanted to be a Marine— like his father and grandfather before him. He fulfilled his dream and became a marine weeks after graduating from high school. Tragically, John was killed in a ter-rorist bomb attack on his barracks while on a multinational peacekeeping mission in Beirut, Lebanon. John and his fellow marines were stationed in Lebanon to help stabilize the country from civil war. On April 18, 1983, the U.S. Embassy in Beirut was hit by a suicide truck bomb—one of the first suicide attacks in the region—killing 63 people, includ-ing 17 Americans. On October 23, 1983, two truck bombs struck separate buildings housing American and French military forces in Beirut—members of the multi-national force. The attack on Amer-ican barracks housed the 1st Battalion 8th Marines, John’s battalion. The bomb striking the marines’ quarters was the largest nonnuclear explosion that had ever been detonated, equaling in force between 15,000 and 21,000 pounds of TNT. The death toll was 220 marines, 18 sailors, and 3 soldiers, John among them. It was the deadliest sin-gle-day death toll for the Marine Corps since World War II’s Battle of Iwo Jima and the deadliest single terrorist at-tack on American citizens prior to the September 11 attacks. The blasts led to withdrawal of the international peace-keeping force. John’s hometown of Carlsbad and Eddy County proclaimed Veterans Day 2016 as ‘‘John Allman Day’’ in his honor. That day, the community cele-brated with a parade, speeches, and tributes to John. A bench was made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.185 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7024 December 9, 2016 
and commemorated in John’s name and sits permanently in Carlsbad Veterans Memorial Park. John was humble, quiet, dedicated, fun-loving, intelligent. He was honest and proud. John always gave his all. John was born the day of John F. Kennedy’s assassination. He was not supposed to be named John, but his parents did so in honor of the slain President. Of veterans, President Ken-nedy said, ‘‘As we express our grati-tude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.’’ We must honor John by doing all we can for our veterans. PFC John Allman gave his life in the service of peace in the Middle East. We do not forget his sacrifice and the sac-rifice of his family. And we honor John’s service and the ultimate sac-rifice he made on behalf of our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEBORAH A. KAPANOSKE Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I wanted to say a few words in tribute to a longtime Senate employee who is re-tiring this month after 35 years of serv-ice. Debbie Kapanoske has served as my office manager in Washington for my entire tenure in the U.S. Senate; going on 14 years—but she has been in the Murkowski family much longer. Debbie became correspondence director for Senator Frank Murkowski in 1993. She was subsequently promoted to of-fice manager and continued in that role until 2002 when Senator Frank Murkowski resigned from the Senate following his election as Governor of Alaska. That left Debbie the responsi-bility of closing one office while simul-taneously opening another, and that is no small juggling act. In fact, I under-stand that the experience led Debbie to swear that she will never close another office again. Before joining the office of Senator Frank Murkowski, Debbie served in the office of the Senator Bob Kasten of Wisconsin as correspondence director. Debbie is highly respected among her fellow administrative managers in the Senate. She is one of many unsung he-roes without which Senate offices could not run. I have often remarked that she is the best office manager I have ever had. So today let me take this opportunity to thank Debbie for her service to the Senate and in par-ticular for her 23 years of service to Alaska. Over the years, Debbie has mentored scores of staff members first in my father’s office and now in mine. And, while they aren’t here today to say it personally, I know that she has played a special role in all of their lives. So let me close by thanking Debbie for all that she has done, but more importantly for the powerful im-pression she has left on all who have worked with her and to wish Debbie and her husband, George, well in retire-ment. TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COMMANDER ERIK PHELPS Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize LCDR Erik Phelps, a defense fellow from the U.S. Navy, for his ex-emplary work in my office and service to our Nation during January to De-cember 2016. Lieutenant Commander Phelps is a California native and a graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy. Erik is married to his loving wife, Erin, and they have three young children named Owen, Summer, and Samantha. Upon joining my office, Erik quickly became a key asset and trusted adviser on defense and veterans policy. In fact, Erik’s intellectual drive, attention to detail, and thoughtful planning led to his conceiving five original, out-standing pieces of legislation. These in-cluded the Veterans Choice Equal Cost for Care Act, the Veterans Health Ad-ministration Spending Transparency and Oversight Act, and the Protection and Advocacy for Veterans Act. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Erik for his outstanding contributions to my office and wish him all the best as he continues his ca-reer. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF KOMODA BAKERY Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate Maui’s Komoda Store and Bakery on their 100-year anniversary. I visited the bakery in Makawao last month and met the Komoda and Shibuya families who are carrying on the tradition of serving the Maui com-munity. In 1916, Takezo and Shigeri Komoda opened a mom-and-pop general store, selling bread, saimin, and fresh sand-wiches primarily to Makawao town residents. By 1932, they expanded their store and began selling groceries and other household items. Takezo and Shigeri passed on the bakery to their sons Takeo and Ikuo, who ran the store for the next 50 years. While the bakery is what Komoda’s is known for today, Ikuo is the only member of the family who received for-mal training in 1947 when he traveled to Minnesota to study baking. Over time, Komoda’s transitioned from a general store to a bakery, serving fresh bread, butter rolls, and pastries like stick donuts, malasadas, Chantilly cake, and cream puffs. By the 1990s, Takeo and Ikuo considered retiring and closing the bakery. However, Takeo’s son-in-law, Calvin Shibuya, did not want to see the family business close. After training with chief baker Ikuo Komoda, Calvin and his wife, Betty, took over the bakery. Their daughter, Michele, is now learning the business, the baking from her father and the re-tail side from her mother. Komoda Bakery is an institution in upcountry Maui. Each day, people line up in the morning to purchase their baked goods. They only make a set amount each day, so if you don’t go early, they oftentimes sell out. Many take the delectable treats from Komoda’s to neighbor islands to share with family and friends in the time- honored tradition of omiyage, or gift. When I visited right before Thanks-giving, which is their busiest time of the year, the store was bustling with activity, and the counters were stacked with fruit, pumpkin, and custard pies. Congratulations to Komoda Bakery on 100 years of success. We thank the Komoda family and their longtime em-ployees who each day wake early to prepare the delicious handmade and homemade baked goods enjoyed by generations. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD a Maui News ar-ticle, which chronicles the Komoda family’s dedication and success. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Maui News, Nov. 2, 2016] S
WEET SUCCESS AT 100: K OMODA CELEBRATES  C
ENTURY OF GOODEATS (By Melissa Tanji) M
AKAWAO .—Komoda Store & Bakery is celebrating 100 years of feeding Maui’s appe-tite, in the beginning with breads and saimin and now with stick donuts and cream puffs that residents and visitors can’t get enough of. One hundred years in business is a feat rarely achieved by Maui’s mom-and-pop stores or for any business, for that matter. The Komodas and their extended family don’t know how the years added up. ‘‘We can’t believe it lasted this long,’’ said Betty Shibuya, the granddaughter of the founders Takezo and Shigeri Komoda. She added that her ancestors would be surprised that the family has kept the business thriv-ing for a century. Shibuya’s husband and the chief baker, Calvin Shibuya, joked that he, himself, felt like 100 years old, even though he’s only 73. But his feelings are justified because Mr. Shibuya starts work at 11:30 p.m.—just to begin the baking. He doesn’t end his day until around 4 p.m. at closing time. But he’s not complaining. He said his schedule is similar to what the Komoda fam-ily endured for decades. Even at 73, Calvin Shibuya pledges that he and his family would keep the business chug-ging along as long as they are able to keep churning out donuts from the old fried bread dough recipe along with butter rolls, pies and buns and other baked goods. ‘‘I’ve always said we’ll (be open) as long as we stay healthy,’’ he said. This week, the Komoda family is cele-brating its milestone with the public. The family has been giving away 100 free stick donuts to customers on a first-come, first-served basis. (The store opens at 7 a.m.) This will continue on Thursday and Friday. (The store is closed today, as usual.) On Saturday, 300 stick donuts will be given out. At noon, there will be a performance by Zenshin Daiko, a taiko drum group. A 100th- anniversary dish towel is on sale, and cus-tomers who spend $40 get a commemorative potholder. Nearby, the Makawao History Museum at 3643 Baldwin Ave. is hosting an exhibit based on the anniversary. It’s open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily, except for Sundays when it opens at 11 a.m. T. Komoda Store was founded in 1916 as a general store where the current Polli’s Mexi-can Restaurant is on the corner of Makawao 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.182 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7025 December 9, 2016 
and Baldwin avenues. There was some bread baking, which later expanded to saimin and sandwiches, the family said. In 1932, the family purchased its current spot along Baldwin Avenue. The family said it was more of a general store catering to Makawao town, selling everything from fab-ric, lighting fixtures and groceries. As World War II loomed before Dec. 7, 1941, Takezo and Shigeri Komoda anticipated the loss of what they had because they were not American citizens. So, they transferred the property and business to Takeo Komoda, their oldest son and his wife, Kiyoko, who were U.S. citizens, according to Gail Ainsworth. She does research and writing for the Makawao History Museum. (Takeo and Kiyoko were Betty Shibuya’s parents.) The store founders had eight children, all of whom at some point had a hand in the busi-ness. In the early days, the family served food, such as saimin and egg sandwiches, Betty Shibuya said. But eventually that was phased out. In 1947, Takeo Komoda’s brother, Ikuo, went to baking school in Minnesota. He was the only one in the family to receive profes-sional training. Ikuo Komoda is credited with developing the cream puff and stick donut. It was under Ikuo Komoda that Cal-vin Shibuya trained. He got involved in the business in the 1990s because the Komoda brothers were aging and looking for someone to take over. The family considered closing the business, Calvin Shibuya said. Shibuya had retired from the U.S. Air Force and was contemplating a second career as a commercial pilot. ‘‘I didn’t want to see the business close,’’ Calvin Shibuya said. He told the brothers not to close the business and stepped in to help. ‘‘That would be a shame if the business shut down,’’ he said. Ainsworth called the Komoda family hard-working, though she added that is typical of mom-and-pop businesses. ‘‘I think they were astute,’’ she said. ‘‘They transferred their property to their son when they needed to, prior to World War II. They sent another son (Ikuo) to baking school and expanded their bakery business. They adapted to the community as it changed. As people started to shop at large grocery stores, they de-emphasized their store operation.’’ Indeed, the family adapted and survived the influx of large chain grocery stores, along with specialty bakeries on Maui. They still sell snacks, sodas and hot dogs, but 90 percent of the business is the bakery, Calvin Shibuya said. The Komoda homestyle and handmade pas-tries are a favorite to generations of Maui residents. On Tuesday, Shaun Lyons was in the store, a place she had been to as a kid, and now a grandmother. Lyons, born to the Baldwin family who lived at Haleakala Ranch, remembers how her parents made her sit on a scale next to the front doors as others went shopping. Lyons remembers her family buying gro-ceries and other necessities on credit at the store and paying a monthly bill. There were no plastic credit cards then. ‘‘It was so convenient,’’ she remembers. At one point the Komoda family also had a grocery delivery service, which in some places was common. ‘‘I think it’s so fantastic,’’ Lyons said of the centennial. ‘‘I love all the Komodas and the Komoda family.’’ On Tuesday, Lyons was buying some ham-burger buns and a Chantilly cake her 46- year-old son loves. This time, the cake was for her grandson (her son’s son), who was celebrating his 5th birthday on Tuesday. ‘‘This is a great place,’’ she said. Customer satisfaction and enthusiasm for Komoda’s baked goods drive Calvin Shibuya and the rest of the family to work before sunup and until almost sundown daily. Typically, Calvin Shibuya starts at 11:30 p.m. making coconut Danish and turnovers. Around an hour later, he begins the mixes for the bread and the soft moist butter rolls and cinnamon rolls. His daughter, Michele Shibuya, is learning the trade and helps her father cut the glob of dough for the butter rolls. Then with a spat-ula, the butter is spread and, by hand, sugar is sprinkled on the rolls. Two other employees begin their day at 1:30 a.m. to help with the baking. Usually around 2:30 a.m., Calvin Shibuya begins his work on the stick donuts. Typi-cally, around 100 dozen are made every day. On weekends that number doubles. All by hand, the donuts are put on sticks. Shibuya said the only mechanical appli-ances the bakery has is a mixer and a dough cutter and shaper for their hamburger and hot dog buns. The cutter and shaper are new additions, maybe put in around 10 years ago. Shibuya said the contraption cut down on 75 percent of the time he and others put in to make the buns. Previously, it involved cut-ting the dough and putting in on a scale. Asked why he doesn’t automate more of his equipment to help with the baking, Shibuya says the way it is now, ‘‘this is the only way I know.’’ When the Komoda brothers were living and working in the 1980s and 1990s, the bakery was churning out 100 to 150 dozen cream puffs a day. These days, Shibuya makes around 75 dozen as the main baker. But the cream puffs shells are still made one by one and placed onto pans with ice cream scoopers. Shibuya had hoped that Ikuo Komoda, the chief baker, could have lived to see the 100th anniversary, but he died last year at the age of 86. His mother-in-law, Kiyoko Komoda died in August at the age of 95. Michele Shibuya said her grandmother, Kiyoko, was a fixture at the bakery and even in her senior years was still at the Makawao business putting together pastry boxes. Early in the morning when the baking is done and the bakery opens, Calvin Shibuya continues to work as his wife and daughter and others handle the retail operations. By mid-morning, Calvin Shibuya is mak-ing the cream for the cream puffs and long Johns, all to start the process for the next day. ‘‘At the end of the day, if everything goes well. It’s very rewarding,’’ Shibuya said. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING ED MORLAN ∑Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I would like to recognize and honor the life of Edwin Purl Morlan, a constituent in my home State of Colorado who passed away on November 15, 2016, at the age of 66. He lived in Bayfield and was a pillar of the community in southwest Colorado, where he worked for 27 years as the executive director of Region 9 Economic Development District, a non-profit that provides support to local businesses and startups. At his retirement party only 8 weeks ago, Mr. Morlan’s friends, family, co-workers, and fellow economic develop-ment officials and entrepreneurs shared stories of the effect he had all across southwest Colorado and the en-tire State. Mr. Morlan was a key part of rebuilding this rural region’s long- struggling economy. Through his vi-sion and hard work, Ed loaned start-up funds to many of today’s iconic south-west Colorado businesses, such as Mer-cury Payment Systems, Steamworks Brewing Company, and Chinook Med-ical Gear. During his tenure, Region 9 loaned over $22 million to business ven-tures. Under Mr. Morlan’s leadership, Region 9 Economic Development Dis-trict led the way to bringing Internet and transportation planning to south-west Colorado, and the district now maintains an indicator report that measures the economic health of 17 re-gional communities. Mr. Morlan’s vi-sion shaped all of these projects. His daughter Kinsee said it well in a recent article in the Durango Herald: ‘‘He just wanted Southwest Colorado to keep up with the rest of the world in terms of economic development.’’ Mr. Morlan was also a veteran. Draft-ed into the U.S. Army at age 19, he served as a combat medic in one of the most dangerous areas in Vietnam, earning both a Silver Star for the many lives he saved and a Purple Heart for his own injuries. After returning from Vietnam, he attended Western State College in Gunnison, where he met his wife, Jackie. As a five-term member of the town board of Bayfield and a member of the local planning commission, Mr. Morlan was part of the inaugural class of Lead-ership La Plata and helped launch an entrepreneurial accelerator program called SCAPE. His commitment to the community won him the Durango Chamber of Commerce’s Barbara Con-rad Leadership Award, and Governor John Hickenlooper declared July 28th, 2016 to be ‘‘Ed Morlan Day,’’ in recogni-tion of his service. Mr. Morlan was also known for being a restaurant owner, handyman, boat captain, little league coach, friend, mentor, and dedicated family man. At a celebration of life held in Mr. Morlan’s honor in late November, over 300 friends, colleagues, and family gathered at the Bayfield High School Performing Arts Center to share sto-ries of a man who was deeply com-mitted to his job, his family, and his community, a man who was a good friend, companion, grandfather, and husband. He is survived by his wife, Jackie Morlan; his sister, Ann Taylor, and her family; his daughters Amber and Kinsee Morlan; his son-in-law Jeff Hammett; and his grandchildren Hux-ley and Harper Purl Hammett. I join with southwest Colorado in honoring Ed Morlan, and I send my deepest condolences to his family. ∑ 
f 
THE AMERICA I BELIEVE IN ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of an essay by Ainslie Ross titled ‘‘The America I Believe In,’’ which won a re-gional prize for the Patriot’s Pen essay contest. The material follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.165 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7026 December 9, 2016 
THE AMERICA I BELIEVE IN  Almost every American is taught from an early age to recite the Pledge of Allegiance by heart, but how many actually know it by heart? Most people don’t think twice about what the words really mean. The first phrase says, ‘‘I pledge alle-giance,’’ meaning we personally, solemnly promise loyalty, dedication, devotion, honor, and obedience. The next phrase says, ‘‘to the flag, of the United States of America’’ so we aren’t just promising these to just anyone, but to the people of our country. All those who fought for freedom in the American Rev-olution against Britain, the Civil War to stop slavery, and in the war that’s going on right now in the Middle East to protect our rights from those who want to take it away from us. The America I believe in consists of keep-ing our promises to our country and our loy-alty to what our flag stands for. The phrase of the pledge that says, ‘‘and to the Republic for which it stands’’ means in addition to pledging for allegiance, we pledge to a government by the people, for the peo-ple, and in the interests of the people be-cause the country of America belongs to the people. ‘‘One Nation’’ means we are together as one country; we are not divided by our be-liefs, race, gender, or political party, we are together as one. I believe that our whole country can come together as a team be-cause that is what we really are, but that will not be possible unless we set aside our differences and treat each other as one of our team members, with kindness and respect. ‘‘Under God’’ means we are covered by the Holy Father, and if He thinks our country is worth protecting, then it must be worth coming together for as one team. ‘‘Indivisible with liberty and justice for all’’ means we are inseparable with independ-ence and integrity for as long as our country is complete. The America I believe in con-sists of not giving away or letting go of our freedoms that we fought for and worked hard for as one undivided nation. The America I believe in is powerful, re-spectful, and we are a team. I believe Amer-ica is the country we make it. Working to-gether, we can make it the country that the writers of the Pledge of Allegiance saw it as so many years ago.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING EIGHT MAINE HOS-PITALS RECEIVING THE LEAP-FROG GROUP’S TOP HOSPITAL AWARD ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the eight Maine hos-pitals being awarded the Leapfrog Group’s Top Hospital Award. I am proud of the work that our State’s medical institutions have done to at-tain the highest standards of hospital quality and safety. St. Mary’s Regional received the Top General Hospital Award, and Bridgton Hospital, Charles A. Dean Memorial Hospital, LincolnHealth, Mayo Regional Hos-pital, Pen Bay Medical Center, Sebasticook Valley Health, and Ste-phens Memorial Hospital received the Top Rural Hospital Award. The Leapfrog Group is an inde-pendent hospital watchdog group, working with hospitals around the country to discover and recognize the top performers. The surveys they con-duct compare hospitals’ performance ‘‘on national standards of patient safe-ty, quality, efficiency, and manage-ment structures that prevent errors, providing the most comprehensive pic-ture of how patients fare at individual institutions.’’ These rigorous standards have been used to vet thousands of hos-pitals across the Nation, and these eight Maine facilities have proven themselves worthy of recognition. The standards, quality, and safety that these hospitals have exhibited is em-blematic of the work ethic and of the values that make Maine such a great place. As such, they contribute to Maine business’s storied legacy of dedi-cation to quality and high standards. The people of our country depend on the efficient and quality functioning of health centers, and these eight Maine hospitals have proven their great com-mitment to quality care. Thanks to their continued efforts, individuals and families across the State of Maine have access to much-needed services—and the entire State is stronger because of it. The work of these hospitals serve as a shining example that I hope will be emulated across the State of Maine and the Nation, as all Americans deserve access to health care facilities with a strong track record of quality service and commitment to excellence. I congratulate these eight Maine hos-pitals for their work providing high quality crucial health care services to the people of Maine and thank them for their pursuit of excellence. I am proud of these great Maine institutions and look forward to their continued suc-cess.∑ f 
REMEMBERING BRIGADIER GENERAL ROSANNE BAILEY ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the memory of Brig. Gen. Rosanne Bailey, U.S. Air Force, Retired. General Bailey, who was known simply as ‘‘Ro,’’ passed away on November 2, 2016. Ro began her Air Force career through the ROTC program at Purdue University, where she earned a BS in industrial management from the Krannert School of Management. In 2005, she received the Krannert School’s ‘‘Distinguished Alumni Award.’’ As an Air Force officer, Ro held sig-nificant positions in acquisition and lo-gistics before assuming command level responsibilities. Before retiring, Ro served as commander of the 435th Air Base Wing at Ramstein AFB in Ger-many and as commander of the Chey-enne Mountain Operations Center in Colorado Springs. One of the stops along Ro’s distin-guished Air Force career was Eielson Air Force Base near Fairbanks, AK, where Ro served as commander of the 354th Logistics Group from 1996–1998. Following her retirement from the Air Force, Ro returned to interior Alaska to accept a series of executive posi-tions at the University of Alaska Fair-banks. In 2006, she was named vice chan-cellor for administrative services. Two years later, she became involved in the university’s efforts to develop a niche in unmanned aerial systems. Her ini-tial position was special projects man-ager for unmanned aircraft and rocket launch support in 2008. Ro’s success in that position led the University of Alaska Board of Regents to create the Alaska Center for Un-manned Aircraft Systems Integration in 2012. Ro was named deputy director of the center. She was instrumental in writing the proposal that created the Pan-Pacific UAS Test Range Complex, which is one of only seven FAA-ap-proved unmanned aircraft system test sites in the Nation. Leading the center during the difficult early years, she left her mark on the unmanned aircraft in-dustry. She was also active in the interior Alaska community as a commissioner of the Steese Fire District and an elder of the First Presbyterian Church of Fairbanks. Ro’s passing is a great loss to her many friends in the UAS world, at the University of Alaska, and in the broad-er interior Alaska community. I was privileged to know Ro and am grateful for that opportunity. Thank you for the opportunity to celebrate the life of Ro Bailey today in the U.S. Senate. f 
REMEMBERING RICHARD JOHNSON AND TRIBUTE TO PAT JOHNSON ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the late Richard Salisbury Johnson, Sr., and his wife, Patsy Ann Seaton Johnson, for their contributions to the betterment of Palm Beach County, FL. Richard, Pat, and their families have been a part of the Palm Beach County community for decades. Both Pat and Richard were born in West Palm Beach. Richard’s great-grandfather arrived on Lake Worth in the early 1880s, and his father worked in the historic 1916 Palm Beach County Court House. Pat’s fam-ily moved to the area in 1928. Today, the family still owns the Johnson Farm in Pahokee. Through the years, the philanthropy of Richard and Pat Johnson has bene-fited healthcare and education through many organizations, including the Re-habilitation Center for Children and Adults and the Brady Urological Insti-tute at Johns Hopkins University. At Duke University Medical Center, they established the Richard and Pat John-son University Professorship in Cardio-vascular Genomics and both sat on the board. In addition, Pat has chaired many events for St. Mary’s Medical Center, where Richard served as board chair for over a decade. Palm Beach Atlantic College honored Richard with the American Free Enterprise Medal in 1995 and recognized Pat with its Women of Distinction Award in 2001. With a shared vision and extraor-dinary generosity, Richard and Pat committed to opening a museum to share their local history. They turned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.164 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7027 December 9, 2016 
a long, grassroots effort into reality with their generous support of the His-torical Society of Palm Beach County. These efforts led to the Richard and Pat Johnson Palm Beach County His-tory Museum, which found its home in the now-restored 1916 courthouse, where Richard’s father worked so many years ago. Since its opening, the Historical So-ciety has engaged over 420,000 Palm Beach County school children by fund-ing education programs, as well as pro-viding transportation for guided tours of the museum. The Johnsons’ leader-ship has allowed the historical society to better fulfill its mission ‘‘to collect, preserve, and share the rich history and cultural heritage of Palm Beach County.’’ Richard and Pat Johnson serve as role models through their hard work, dedication, and selflessness, not only to their five children, but also to the people of their community and State. I am honored to represent the Johnson family in the U.S. Senate, and to rec-ognize their lives of public service. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry treaties which were referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 4:34 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills: 
S. 1632. An act to require a regional strat-egy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. S. 2974. An act to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, and for other purposes. S. 3028. An act to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilder-ness. S. 3183. An act to prohibit the circumven-tion of control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 11:39 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. HARRIS ) has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2028. An act making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7872. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Irish Pota-toes Grown in Colorado; Modification of the Handling Regulation for Area No. 2’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0042) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7873. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Olives Grown in California; Suspension and Revi-sion of Incoming Size-Grade Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0031) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7874. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Raisins Produced From Grapes Grown in California and Imported Raisins; Removal of Lan-guage’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0065) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–7875. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Dicamba; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9954–37) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7876. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Anthony G. Crutchfield, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7877. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Security Education Program (NSEP) and NSEP Service Agree-ment’’ (RIN0790–AJ01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7878. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7879. A communication from the Pro-gram Specialist of the Legislative and Regu-latory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold’’ (RIN1557–AD99) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 5, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7880. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Depart-mental Offices, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Terrorism Risk Insurance Program; Adjustment to Civil Penalty Amount Under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002’’ (31 CFR Part 50) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 8, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7881. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Depart-mental Offices, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Terrorism Risk Insurance Program; Certification’’ (RIN1505–AC53) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7882. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tem-porary Exports to Mexico under License Ex-ception TMP’’ (RIN0694–AG97) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 5, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7883. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Legislative and Intergovern-mental Affairs, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report on Modernization and Simplification of Regulation S–K’’ ; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7884. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the Export Administration Regula-tions: Removal of Semiconductor Manufac-turing International Corporation from the List of Validated End-Users in the People’s Republic of China’’ (RIN0694–AH16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7885. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the Export Administration Regula-tions: Removal of Special Iraq Reconstruc-tion License’’ (RIN0694–AG89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 8, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7886. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the continuation of the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13396 on February 7, 2006, with respect to Cote d’Ivoire; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7887. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7888. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Legislation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.178 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7028 December 9, 2016 
Regulations, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Changes to HOME Invest-ment Partnerships (HOME) Program Com-mitment Requirement’’ (RIN2501–AD69) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7889. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2016 Economic Dispatch and Tech-nological Change’’ ; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. EC–7890. A communication from the Dep-uty Director for Operations, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the detailed boundaries, classification de-scriptions, and maps for the Snake River Headwaters, in Wyoming; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7891. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval/Disapproval; MS; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards’’ (FRL No. 9956–35–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7892. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Designations for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary National Am-bient Air Quality Standards—Supplement to Round 2 for Four Areas in Texas: Firestone and Anderson Counties, Milam County, Rusk, and Panola Counties, and Titus Coun-ty’’ (FRL No. 9956–10–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7893. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Oklahoma; Infrastructure for the Lead, Ozone, Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9955– 28–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–7894. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-moval of Stage II Gasoline Vapor Recovery Requirements for Gasoline Dispensing Fa-cilities; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9956–26–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7895. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Reasonable Further Progress Plan and Motor Vehicle Emissions Budgets for the Dallas/Fort Worth 2008 Ozone Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9955–52–Re-gion 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7896. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment of the 2012 Annual Fine Particulate Matter Stand-ard; Pennsylvania; Delaware County Non-attainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9956–41–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7897. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for the Oil and Gas Extraction Point Source Category—Implementation Date Extension’’ (FRL No. 9956–05–OW) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7898. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Site Characteristics and Site Parameters’’ (NUREG–0800) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7899. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Physical Security—Early Site Permit and Reactor Siting Criteria’’ (NUREG–0800) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–7900. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fitness for Duty—Introduc-tion’’ (NUREG–0800) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7901. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Access Authorization Oper-ational Program’’ (NUREG–0800) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7902. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, Savannah, Georgia; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7903. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Import Restrictions Imposed on Certain Archaeological Material from Egypt’’ (RIN1515–AE19) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7904. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Import Restric-tions Imposed on Certain Archaeological and Ethnological Materials from the Plurinational State of Bolivia’’ (RIN1515– AE20) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7905. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Income and Cur-rency Gain or Loss with Respect to a Section 987 QBU’’ ((RIN1545–AM12) (TD 9794)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7906. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Recognition and Deferral of Section 987 Gain or Loss’’ ((RIN1545–BL12) (TD 9795)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7907. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Office of Inspector Gen-eral, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare and State Health Care Programs: Fraud and Abuse; Re-visions to the Safe Harbors Under the Anti- Kickback Statute and Civil Monetary Pen-alty Rules Regarding Beneficiary’’ (RIN0936– AA06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7908. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘December 2016 Sup-plement to Rev. Proc. 2014–64, Implementa-tion of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regulations’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7909. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Covered Asset Ac-quisitions’’ ((RIN1545–BM75) (TD 9800)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7910. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tax Return Pre-parer Due Diligence Penalty under Section 6695(g)’’ ((RIN1545–BN61) (TD 9799)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7911. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consistent Basis Reporting Between Estate and Person Ac-quiring Property From Decedent’’ ((RIN1545– BM98) (TD 9797)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7912. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Unpaid Losses Dis-count Factors and Payment Patterns for 2016’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–58) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7913. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Salvage Discount Factors and Payment Patterns for 2014’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–59) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.030 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7029 December 9, 2016 
EC–7914. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘User Fees for In-stallment Agreements’’ ((RIN1545–BN37) (TD 9798)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7915. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Publication of the Tier 2 Tax Rates’’ received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7916. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2016 Guidance with Respect to the Tax Credit for Employee Health Insurance Expenses of Certain Small Employers’’ (Notice 2016–75) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7917. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Depart-mental Offices, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of the Treasury Acquisition Regulations; Incremental Fund-ing of Fixed-Price, Time-and-Material or Labor-Hour Contracts During a Continuing Resolution’’ (48 CFR Part 1032 and 48 CFR Part 1052) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7918. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Electronic Notice of Liq-uidation’’ (RIN1515–AE16) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 9, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7919. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual report on the Child Support Program for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7920. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Office of Inspector Gen-eral, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare and State Health Care Programs: Fraud and Abuse; Re-visions to the Office of Inspector General’s Civil Monetary Penalty Rules’’ (RIN0936– AA04) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7921. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–098); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7922. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–110); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7923. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–112); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–7924. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–069); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7925. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–095); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7926. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–039); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7927. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Head Start Program’’ (RIN0970–AC63) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 6, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7928. A communication from the Direc-tor, Civil Rights Center, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Nondiscrimination and Equal Oppor-tunity Provisions of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act’’ (RIN1291–AA36) received in the office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7929. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal years 2011–2014 Low Income Home Energy As-sistance Program (LIHEAP) Reports to Con-gress and the LIHEAP Home Energy Note-books for fiscal years 2011–2014; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7930. A communication from the Chair-man, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7931. A communication from the Direc-tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7932. A communication from the Sec-retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Labor’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7933. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report on the De-partment of Labor’s 2014 and 2015 FAIR Act Inventory of Inherently Governmental Ac-tivities and Inventory of Commercial Activi-ties; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7934. A communication from the Chief Financial Officer, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Performance and Account-ability Report for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7935. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, notification of the implementa-tion of an alternative pay plan for locality pay increases for civilian Federal employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems in January 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7936. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Standards of Ethical Conduct for Em-ployees of the Executive Branch; Amend-ment to the Standards Governing Solicita-tion and Acceptance of Gifts from Outside Sources’’ (RIN3209–AA04) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 8, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7937. A communication from the Spe-cial Counsel, United States Office of the Spe-cial Counsel, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of the Special Counsel’s Perform-ance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7938. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report to Congress on Audit Follow-up for the pe-riod of April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7939. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief Financial Officer, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015 FAIR Act Commercial and Inher-ently Governmental Activities Inventory; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7940. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Office of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7941. A communication from the Chair-man, National Endowment for the Human-ities, transmitting, pursuant to law, the or-ganization’s Performance and Account-ability Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7942. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of Defense, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Defense Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through Sep-tember 30, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7943. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Regulatory Affairs Law Divi-sion, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Petitions for Rulemaking, Amendment, or Repeal’’ (RIN1601–AA56) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7944. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Regulatory Affairs Law Divi-sion, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Freedom of Information Act Regulations’’ (RIN1601–AA00) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 5, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7945. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Maritime Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through Sep-tember 30, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7946. A communication from the Chair-man, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.032 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7030 December 9, 2016 
General for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7947. A communication from the Chair-man of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through Sep-tember 30, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7948. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Addition of the Wind River Indian Reservation to the List of Courts of Indian Offenses’’ (RIN1076–AF33) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 7, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. EC–7949. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Indian Child Welfare Act Pro-ceedings’’ (RIN1076–AF25) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 7, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. EC–7950. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tribal Transportation Program’’ (RIN1076–AF19) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–7951. A communication from the Chair-man of the Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to thirteen legislative recommenda-tions; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. EC–7952. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Shrimp Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Amendment 17A’’ (RIN0648– BF77) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7953. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE969) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7954. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF036) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7955. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XF032) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 7, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7956. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fish-eries; 2016 Bigeye Tuna Longline Fishery Re-opening in the Eastern Pacific Ocean’’ (RIN0648–XE902) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7957. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XE967) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7958. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area’’ (RIN0648–XE932) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7959. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; 2016–2017 Commercial Accountability Measures and Closure for King Mackerel in the Florida West Coast Northern Subzone’’ (RIN0648– XF017) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce , Science, and Transportation. EC–7960. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Georges Bank Cod Trimester Total Allow-able Catch Area Closure and Possession and Trip Limit Reductions for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF002) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7961. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Several Groundfish Species in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XF064) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 7, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7962. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pa-cific Island Pelagic Fisheries; 2016 Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands Big-eye Tuna Fishery; Closure’’ (RIN0648–XE284) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7963. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfers’’ (RIN0648–XF049) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 7, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7964. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pago Pago Harbor, American Samoa’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0749)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7965. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–1020)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7966. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Delaware River; Marcus Hook, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–1034)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7967. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Shipping; Technical, Organizational, and Conforming Amendments’’ (Docket No. USCG–2016–0315) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7968. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Dis-charge Removal Equipment for Vessels Car-rying Oil’’ ((RIN1625–AA02) (Docket No. USCG–2011–0430)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7969. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cargo Securing Manuals’’ ((RIN1625–AA25) (Docket No. USCG–2000–7080)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7970. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Harmonization of Standards for Fire Pro-tection, Detection, and Extinguishing Equip-ment’’ ((RIN1625–AB59) (Docket No. USCG– 2012–0196)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7971. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Great Lakes Pilotage Rates - 2016 Annual Review and Changes to Methodology’’ ((RIN1625–AC22) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0497)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.034 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7031 December 9, 2016 
EC–7972. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-quirements for Vessels with Registry En-dorsements or Foreign-Flagged Vessels that Perform Certain Aquaculture Support Oper-ations’’ ((RIN1625–AC23) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0086)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7973. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Financial Stability Oversight Council, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Freedom of Information Act Regulations’’ (12 CFR Part 1301) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 8, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7974. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Civil Penalties Inflation Adjust-ments’’ (RIN1076–AF32) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–7975. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Leasing of Osage Reservation Lands for Oil and Gas Mining’’ (RIN1076–AF17) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMU-NICATIONS RECEIVED AFTER MIDNIGHT ON DECEMBER 10, 2016 
EC–7976. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the des-ignation as an emergency requirement all funding so designated by the Congress in the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017, pursuant to section 251 (b) (2) (A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, for the enclosed list of accounts; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–7977. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the des-ignation for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism all funding including contributions from foreign govern-ments so designated by the Congress in the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017, pursuant to section 251 (b) (2) (A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, for the enclosed list of accounts; to the Committee on the Budget. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary: Report to accompany S. 2614, a bill to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death re-lating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism (Rept. No. 114– 397). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Report to accompany S. 1403, a bill to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act to promote sustainable conservation and management for the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic fisheries and the communities that rely on them, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 398). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 3038. A bill to reauthorize the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–399). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Report to accompany S. 1685, a bill to di-rect the Federal Communications Commis-sion to extend to private land use restric-tions its rule relating to reasonable accom-modation of amateur service communica-tions (Rept. No. 114–400). Report to accompany S. 2283, a bill to en-sure that small business providers of broadband Internet access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regu-latory requirements (Rept. No. 114–401). Report to accompany S. 2829, a bill to amend and enhance certain maritime pro-grams of the Department of Transportation, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–402). By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Report to accompany S. 2609, An original bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to require the Secretary of Agri-culture to establish a national voluntary la-beling standard for bioengineered foods, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–403). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2920. A bill to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law En-forcement Reform Act to provide for ad-vancements in public safety services to In-dian communities, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–404). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 236. A bill to amend the Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 to create an expedited procedure to enact recommendations of the Govern-ment Accountability Office for consolidation and elimination to reduce duplication. By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 290. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1378. A bill to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. S. 1607. A bill to affirm the authority of the President to require independent regulatory agencies to comply with regulatory analysis requirements applicable to executive agen-cies, and for other purposes. S. 2834. A bill to improve the Government-wide management of unnecessarily duplica-tive Government programs and for other pur-poses. S. 2972. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide transparency and re-quire certain standards in the award of Fed-eral grants, and for other purposes. By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2017’’ (Rept. No. 114–405). f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3537. A bill to authorize the Department of Housing and Urban Development to trans-form neighborhoods of extreme poverty into sustainable, mixed-income neighborhoods with access to economic opportunities, by re-vitalizing severely distressed housing, and investing and leveraging investments in well-functioning services, educational oppor-tunities, public assets, public transportation, and improved access to jobs; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 3538. A bill to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal net-works, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mr. L EE): S. 3539. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to provide that any esti-mate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation shall include costs relating to servicing the public debt; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 3540. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide access to magnetic EEG/ EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3541. A bill to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of Justice that use such funds for pretrial services programs to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. S CHUMER ): S. 3542. A bill to provide provisional pro-tected presence to qualified individuals who came to the United States as children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D URBIN , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ): S. 3543. A bill to contain, reverse, and deter Russian aggression in Ukraine, to assist Ukraine’s democratic transition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. DAINES: S. 3544. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to ensure that certain fire-fighters retain retirement benefits while in-jured or disabled, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. SULLIVAN: S. 3545. A bill to protect Federal, State, and local public safety officers; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 3546. A bill to provide provisional pro-tected presence to qualified individuals who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.036 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7032 December 9, 2016 
came to the United States as children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3547. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for the publication, by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, of information relating to rule mak-ings, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL): S. 3548. A bill to continue the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. Res. 633. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on the plan of the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Energy for modernizing the nuclear weapons of the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. C OONS ): S. Res. 634. A resolution affirming the im-portance of the security and privacy of the people of the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COATS (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. Res, 635. A resolution recognizing and commemorating the bicentennial of the State of Indiana; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. Res. 636. A resolution designating the week of December 4 through December 10, 2016, as ‘‘National Nurse-Managed Health Clinic Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ): S. Res. 637. A resolution honoring the indi-viduals who lost their lives in the tragic fire in Oakland, California, on December 2, 2016; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. Res. 638. A resolution recognizing the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Har-bor and the lasting significance of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day; considered and agreed to. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING): S. Res. 639. A resolution designating De-cember 17, 2016, as ‘‘Wreaths Across America Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr, P
ORTMAN , Mr, M CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. BALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr, C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mrs, S HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 640. A resolution recognizing the death of John Glenn, former Senator for the State of Ohio and the first individual from the United States to orbit the Earth; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. T ILLIS ): Res. 641. A resolution celebrating the 200th anniversary of the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. S CHUMER ): S. Res. 642. A resolution authorizing taking pictures and filming in the Senate Chamber, the Senate Wing of the United States Cap-itol, and Senate Office Buildings for produc-tion of a film and a book on the history of the Senate; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 461 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 461, a bill to provide for alter-native financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infra-structure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclama-tion Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1959 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. TESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1959, a bill to provide greater con-trols and restrictions on revolving door lobbying. 
S. 1980 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1980, a bill to posthumously award a Congressional gold medal to Alice Paul, in recognition of her role in the women’s suffrage movement and in ad-vancing equal rights for women. 
S. 2037 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2037, a bill to amend the High-er Education Act of 1965 to clarify the Federal Pell Grant duration limits of borrowers who attend an institution of higher education that closes or com-mits fraud or other misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 2268 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2268, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their ex-traordinary heroism and life-saving ac-tions in Vietnam. 
S. 2584 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2584, a bill to promote and protect from discrimination living organ do-nors. 
S. 2702 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2702, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individuals with disabilities to save ad-ditional amounts in their ABLE ac-counts above the current annual max-imum contribution if they work and earn income. 
S. 2703 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2703, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow rollovers between 529 programs and ABLE accounts. 
S. 2704 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2704, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease the age requirement with re-spect to eligibility for qualified ABLE programs. 
S. 2924 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
EL-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2924, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.039 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7033 December 9, 2016 
S. 2989 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) and the Sen-ator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) were added as cosponsors of S. 2989, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 3124 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3124, a bill to require U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement to take into custody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury of another person, and for other purposes. 
S. 3130 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3130, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a permanent Independence at Home medical practice program under the Medicare program. 
S. 3132 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3132, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide service dogs to cer-tain veterans with severe post-trau-matic stress disorder. 
S. 3149 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3149, a bill to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Law-rence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recogni-tion of his achievements and contribu-tions to American major league ath-letics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 3237 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3237, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the low- income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 3256 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3256, a bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to provide assist-ance for developing countries to pro-mote quality basic education and to es-tablish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objective of the United States foreign assistance policy, and for other purposes. 
S. 3276 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. ROBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3276, a bill to make habitual drunk drivers inadmissible and removable and to require the detention of any alien who is unlawfully present in the United States and has been charged with driv-ing under the influence or driving while intoxicated. 
S. 3328 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3328, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for bene-fits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3451 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3451, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide a refundable and advanceable tax credit for individuals with young chil-dren. 
S. 3478 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3478, a bill to require continued and en-hanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic in-cidents in Europe, the safety and secu-rity of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. R
UBIO, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3478, supra. 
S. 3509 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3509, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to the People’s Republic of China in relation to activities in the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and for other purposes. 
S. 3527 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3527, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pre-vent high net worth individuals from receiving tax windfalls for entering government service. 
S. CON. RES. 51 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 51, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be presumed to have been exposed to the toxin Agent Or-ange and should be eligible for all re-lated Federal benefits that come with such presumption under the Agent Or-ange Act of 1991. S. RES. 524 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 524, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on the conflict in Yemen. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5149 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABE -
NOW), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Sen-ator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Indi-ana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 5149 intended to be proposed to S. 612, a bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Court-house’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mr. L EE): S. 3539. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 to provide that any estimate prepared by the Con-gressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation shall include costs relating to servicing the public debt; to the Committee on the Budget. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I am in-troducing a bill that will reveal to the public the true cost of legislative pro-posals by requiring that interest ex-pense be included in all budgetary esti-mates. This bill will finally allow the Amer-ican people to understand the true cost of the irresponsible spending that is going on here by Congress, and it will force Congress to deal with the reality of our debt so that we can make the de-cisions that need to be made going for-ward, knowing the true impact they will have on our children and our grandchildren. Let me give an example. The current interest the taxpayer pays today on the national debt is approximately $248 billion per year. Now, when interest rates go up, this number will signifi-cantly increase. In fact, the Congres-sional Budget Office projects that by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.041 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7034 December 9, 2016 
the year 2026, the amount of interest we will pay on our national debt will exceed $700 billion per year. In 1974, the Congressional Budget Act established two organizations as offi-cial budgetary scorekeepers. They are the referees used to calculate cost esti-mates for a legislative proposal. When a Member of Congress puts forward a bill, they put forward an estimate on what it would cost. In this way, the system already recognizes that the public deserves to know not only how much the bill will cost but, addition-ally, how much interest will cost on additional debt as a result of the bill proposal. However, it probably sur-prises a lot of folks that the law does not currently require these score-keepers, these umpires, these referees to account for the interest cost on those estimates. Can you imagine? Imagine a family around the dinner table, thinking about purchasing a car or perhaps a new home but not consid-ering the cost of the interest on that very loan used to buy that car or that new home. Run the amortization table sometime on a 30-year conventional loan for a new home. Depending on the rate and the terms of the loan, the in-terest the consumer will pay can actu-ally exceed the cost of the home itself. Yet this is what the Federal Govern-ment does with its legislative budg-etary estimates, and it is wrong. That is not the way ordinary folks do it, and that is not the way we should be doing it here. At the end of the day, whether Con-gress properly accounts for its budg-eted costs or not, the American people are going to have to pick up the dime. The way we are calculating budgetary costs now actually deflates the true cost. So it is painting a rosier picture for the public than what actually ex-ists. If I were to go back home, chat with a Montanan, and tell them that Con-gress allows gimmicks that really shield how much it spends, they would be furious—and they should be furious. Government spending is bloated and far exceeds any commonsense approach that a Montana family would use for their own household. It is time Con-gress had a true account of the debt burden it is leaving for our kids and our grandkids. That is why I am introducing the Budgetary Accuracy in Scoring Costs Act—the acronym is the BASIC Act— which will require budget scorekeepers to include the cost of interest on a leg-islative proposal. This bill will allow the American public to better under-stand the true costs of irresponsible fiscal spending in Congress and will force this body to face the important decisions it has before it. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 3539 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Budgetary Accuracy in Scoring Interest Costs Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CBO AND JCT ESTIMATES TO INCLUDE DEBT SERVICING COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV of the Congres-sional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 402 the following: ‘‘
ESTIMATES TO INCLUDE DEBT SERVICING COSTS  ‘‘S
EC. 403. Any estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402, and any estimate prepared by the Joint Committee on Taxation, shall include, to the extent practicable, the costs (if any) of serv-icing the debt subject to limit under section 3101 of title 31, United States Code.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 402 the fol-lowing: ‘‘403. Estimates to include debt servicing costs.’’. 
By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 3542. A bill to provide provisional protected presence to qualified individ-uals who came to the United States as children; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 6 years ago, I joined with Senator Dick Lugar in a bipartisan request of President Obama to do something to protect the DREAMers—those young kids brought to America as babies and infants and toddlers and teenagers who were un-documented, living in America, and had no place other than America to call home. We wanted these DREAMers to have a chance, not to be deported— a chance to go to school, a chance to work, a chance to prove themselves and to become part of the future of America. President Obama created the DACA Program by Executive order, and de-spite the political controversy of that decision on the other side of the aisle, the fact is it was a lifeline for up to 800,000 who have now come forward. They paid their filing fee of several hundred dollars, they have gone through a criminal background check to make sure there is nothing in their background to disqualify them from staying in the United States, and they have been given a temporary approval to stay here without fear of deporta-tion and to work. So they have gone on to colleges and medical schools and law schools. They have taken important jobs. They have volunteered to serve in our military. They are proving that they want to be part of America’s fu-ture. Now, if that Executive order, DACA, is eliminated, what happens to them? That has been a concern and a fear, not just on this side of the aisle but on the other side as well. I am happy to report that Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM has stepped forward. We are working together on a measure we call the BRIDGE Act, which we are going to introduce today. This is an ef-fort by Senator GRAHAM and myself to have a bipartisan answer to the ques-tion about what happens to these 800,000 and others like them while we debate the future of immigration. I think what we are taking is a reason-able step forward. As P
AUL RYAN, the Speaker of the House said the other day, there is no need to disrupt their lives. President-Elect Donald Trump said recently in Time Magazine: 
We’re going to work out something that’s going to make people happy and proud. 
Speaking of the DREAMers, Presi-dent-Elect Trump said: 
They got brought here at a very young age, they’ve worked here, they’ve gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they’re in never-never land because they don’t know what’s going to happen. 
So Senator G RAHAM and I are pro-posing this legislation today, and we invite Members to join us in supporting it. It is simple. It would provide protec-tion from deportation and legal author-ity to continue working and studying to the people who are eligible for DACA. The BRIDGE Act has a new term— not DACA—but ‘‘provisional protected presence.’’ If you have DACA now, you would receive provisional protected status until your DACA expires, and you can apply for an extension. If you don’t have DACA protection now but you are eligible, you can also apply for this provisional protected presence. Applicants would be required to pay a reasonable fee, be subject to criminal background checks, and meet the same eligibility criteria that currently ap-plied to DACA. This legal status would be good for 3 years. DACA is only good for 2 years but is renewable. The status we are creating would be good for 3 years after the BRIDGE Act becomes law. I believe this legislation will attract broad support from both sides of the aisle. But let me be clear. The BRIDGE Act that we are introducing today is no substitute for broader legislation to fix our broken immigration system. This bill should not be tied to other unre-lated measures. Let’s take care of these young people who are in doubt about tomorrow before we debate the larger and equally important question about immigration reform, which has so many facets. Senator G
RAHAM and I were two Members of the bipartisan Gang of 8, Republicans and Democrats who au-thored comprehensive immigration re-form legislation that passed the Sen-ate. We both believe that Congress must consider legislation to deal with all aspects of the immigration law. In particular, I strongly believe person-ally—personally, I believe—that we need a path to citizenship not just for DREAMers but for their parents and other undocumented immigrants who are living in the shadows but, by every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.118 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7035 December 9, 2016 
measure, should be given a chance to prove themselves in America. We need to pass the BRIDGE Act quickly to ensure that DREAMers who came forward to register for DACA do not lose critical work permits. There are 28 medical students at the Loyola University Stritch School of Medicine in Chicago. They are DACA- eligible. They competed nationally. They weren’t given any specific slots. They were accepted to medical school. If they lose their work permit, they have to drop out of medical soon, and they can’t do their clinical work, which is important to medical edu-cation. So let’s not lose them and oth-ers who can serve our country in the future. Over the years, I have come to the floor to tell stories about these DREAMers, and I would like to tell one today about Javier Cuan-Martinez. He came at the age of 4 from Mexico with his parents. He was 4 years old. He went to elementary school in Texas. He moved to Temecula, CA. He was an ex-cellent student involved in many ac-tivities. He was a member of the Na-tional Honor Society, and he was named Riverside County’s Student of the Month. He received an award from the College Board’s National Hispanic Recognition Program, given to only 5,000 of the 250,000 Hispanic students who took the test. He was a member of the Math Club and a drum major in the school’s marching band. He volun-teered in his town’s soup kitchen for the homeless and received the Presi-dent’s Volunteer Service Award. He didn’t even know he was undocu-mented until he was applying for col-lege and he learned that he was ineli-gible for any Federal financial assist-ance to go to school. Thanks to his academic achieve-ments, this young man was accepted at Harvard University. He is now a sopho-more majoring in computer science, a member of the Harvard Computer Soci-ety and Harvard’s marching band. Thanks to DACA, he is supporting him-self by working as a web developer. He sent me a letter, and here is what he said: 
DACA doesn’t give me an advantage; rath-er, it gives me the opportunity to create my own future on the same grounds as any other student. I would like to be judged upon my qualities as a person rather than what papers I happen to have in my hand. I hope to be a computer programmer and begin earning my own living as a contributing member of America’s society. 
Consider this. Every year, the United States of America imports guest work-ers to do computer programming on H– 1B visas. So does it make any sense to deport this young man who could fill one of those important jobs, who was educated and raised in the United States and wants to stay and be a part of our future? Javier and other DREAMers have so much to give America. But if DACA is eliminated, he will lose his legal status and be deported back to Mexico—a country he barely knows and left when he was 4 years old. Will America be stronger if we deport him? I don’t think so. The answer is obvious. I hope Presi-dent-Elect Trump will understand this and will continue the DACA Program or encourage the passage of the BRIDGE Program, as we move forward. If he decides to end DACA, the Presi-dent-elect can then turn to Congress and ask us to do our part by passing the BRIDGE Act. By Mr. DAINES: S. 3544. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to ensure that cer-tain firefighters retain retirement ben-efits while injured or disabled, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3544 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wildland Firefighter Retirement and Disability Com-pensation Benefits Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CIVIL SERVICE RETENTION RIGHTS. 
Section 8151 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘covered employee’ means an employee who— ‘‘(i) held a position with the Forest Service or the Department of the Interior as a wildland firefighter; and ‘‘(ii) sustained an injury while in the per-formance of duty, as determined by the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, that prevents the employee from per-forming the physical duties of a firefighter; ‘‘(B) ‘equivalent position’ includes a posi-tion for a covered employee that allows the covered employee to— ‘‘(i) receive the same retirement benefits under subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 that the covered employee would receive in the former position had the covered em-ployee not been injured or disabled; and ‘‘(ii) does not require the covered employee to complete any more years of service that the covered employee would be required to complete to receive the benefits described in clause (i) had the covered employee not been injured or disabled; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘firefighter’ has the meaning given the term in section 8331. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Under regulations issued by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment— ‘‘(A) the department or agency which was the last employer shall immediately and un-conditionally accord the employee, if the in-jury or disability has been overcome within 1 year after the date of commencement of compensation or from the time compensable disability recurs if the recurrence begins after the injured employee resumes regular full-time employment with the United States, the right to resume the former or an equivalent position of the employee, as well as all other attendant rights which the em-ployee would have had, or acquired, in the former position of the employee had the em-ployee not been injured or disabled, includ-ing the rights to tenure, promotion, and safeguards in reductions-in-force procedures; ‘‘(B) the department or agency which was the last employer shall, if the injury or dis-ability is overcome within a period of more than 1 year after the date of commencement of compensation, make all reasonable efforts to place, and accord priority to placing, the employee in the former or equivalent posi-tion of the employee within such department or agency, or within any other department or agency; and ‘‘(C) a covered employee who was injured during the 20-year period ending on the date of enactment of the Wildland Firefighter Re-tirement and Disability Compensation Bene-fits Act of 2016 may not receive the same re-tirement benefits described in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) unless the covered employee first makes a payment to the Forest Service or the Department of the Interior, as applica-ble, equal to the amount that would have been deducted from pay under section 8334 or 8442, as applicable, had the covered employee not been injured or disabled.’’. SEC. 3. COMPUTATION OF PAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8114 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) O
VERTIME .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered overtime pay’ means pay re-ceived by an employee who holds a position with the Forest Service or the Department of the Interior as a wildland firefighter while engaged in wildland fire suppression activ-ity. ‘‘(2) O
VERTIME .—The value of subsistence and quarters, and of any other form of remu-neration in kind for services if its value can be estimated in money, and covered over-time pay and premium pay under section 5545(c)(1) of this title are included as part of the pay, but account is not taken of— ‘‘(A) overtime pay; ‘‘(B) additional pay or allowance author-ized outside the United States because of dif-ferential in cost of living or other special circumstances; or ‘‘(C) bonus or premium pay for extraor-dinary service including bonus or pay for particularly hazardous service in time of war.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2016. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 633—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE ON THE PLAN OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY FOR MODERNIZING THE NU-CLEAR WEAPONS OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 633 Whereas nuclear war poses the gravest risk to the national security of the United States; Whereas, as of 2016, the United States maintains a force of approximately 7,000 nu-clear weapons, either active, on reserve, or waiting for dismantlement; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7036 December 9, 2016 
Whereas the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy are planning an extensive and costly program to ‘‘mod-ernize’’ the nuclear weapons of the United States; Whereas there is substantial controversy over whether the nuclear modernization plan goes beyond assuring that the United States nuclear deterrent is safe, secure, and reliable to defend the United States and allies of the United States, and is instead a plan for the development of an even more powerful nu-clear arsenal that lacks sufficient cost anal-ysis or decisions on priorities; Whereas the nuclear modernization plan was launched in a different budget era before the enactment of the Budget Control Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–25; 125 Stat. 240), which includes budget caps; Whereas there is widespread agreement that the United States should retain a robust nuclear arsenal to deter a nuclear attack on the United States or allies of the United States; Whereas, if the nuclear modernization plan is followed, the United States would face a ‘‘modernization mountain’’ of the heightened expenses associated with developing and pro-curing 12 SSBN(X) nuclear submarines, as many as 100 long-range strike bombers, a new nuclear-tipped cruise missile, and 642 intercontinental ballistic missiles and nu-clear weapons all at the same time; Whereas the total cost to develop, procure, and maintain such an enhanced nuclear arse-nal over the next 3 decades has been esti-mated at up to $1,000,000,000,000; Whereas, if all those nuclear weapons pro-grams move forward at their estimated cost, other priorities may suffer, including the fight against international terrorism, the purchase of conventional weapons, and train-ing and maintenance of troops; Whereas a 2014 review by the National De-fense Panel, led by former Secretary of De-fense William Perry and retired United States Army General John Abizaid, con-cluded, ‘‘Recapitalization of all three legs of the nuclear Triad with associated weapons could cost between $600 billion and $1 trillion over a thirty year period, the costs of which would likely come at the expense of needed improvements in conventional forces.’’; Whereas Brian McKeon, the Principal Dep-uty Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, noted, ‘‘We’re looking at that big bow wave and wondering how the heck we’re going to pay for it, and probably thanking our lucky stars we won’t be here to answer the ques-tion.’’; Whereas Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) Mike McCord expressed his concern over the costs of the nuclear refur-bishment program, saying, ‘‘I don’t know of a good way for us to solve this issue.’’, while noting that it will be a major challenge for the next President; Whereas Todd Harrison of the Center for Strategic and International Studies pointed out that with a nuclear modernization bow wave facing the United States, the next President ‘‘will need to make many difficult choices to rationalize long-term defense modernization plans with the resources available’’; and Whereas former Secretary of Defense Perry stated at a July 2016 hearing, ‘‘I do not be-lieve we should simply modernize all sys-tems that we built during the Cold War.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that the President should— (1) take action to ensure the affordability and feasibility of the plan of the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy for modernizing the nuclear weapons of the United States by reevaluating, and modi-fying accordingly, proposals for programs to modernize United States nuclear weapons and delivery systems for such weapons with the goal of ensuring that such proposals focus on refurbishment to ensure security and safety as well as efficiency of existing weapons and delivery systems; and (2) prioritize among any programs that are planned so that the United States retains a nuclear arsenal robust enough to meet deter-rence needs and so that such programs do not jeopardize other economic investments and other security expenditures appropriate to the needs of the United States in the 21st century, including responses to conventional and non-conventional threats. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 634—AFFIRM-ING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 634 Whereas the highest priority of Congress should be ensuring the safety, security, and constitutional freedoms of the United States and the people of the United States; Whereas technology has become a critical component of everyday life; Whereas the people of the United States store the most sensitive personal informa-tion on digital devices and with cloud serv-ices; Whereas criminals and terrorists have used digital communications to perpetrate unlaw-ful conduct; Whereas protecting the national security and safety of communities in the United States should not come at the cost of dimin-ished protections under the Fourth Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States; Whereas the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States is a cor-nerstone of freedom for the people of the United States; Whereas the Supreme Court of the United States and Federal laws recognize certain privacy rights and interests in the digital in-formation and communications of the people of the United States; and Whereas preserving privacy and security is essential for the continued growth of the dig-ital economy: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States should recognize the need to protect the safety, security, and per-sonal privacy of all people of the United States; (2) legal and policy changes that impact the security of the United States and the civil liberties of the people of the United States should be made with the consider-ation of Congress, the executive branch, and the people of the United States; and (3) in considering the changes described in paragraph (2), the United States should rec-ognize the global and economic implications of the security and privacy policies of the United States. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, tech-nology has become a critical part of our everyday lives. We use our com-puters and smart phones to commu-nicate with our friends and family, conduct business, and to share infor-mation. The amount of sensitive per-sonal information we store on our de-vices and in the cloud is astonishing, from financial records to passwords to personal conversations. It is more im-portant now than ever before to secure and protect our personal information. Criminals also use technology to commit crimes and to hide their iden-tities. Law enforcement faces tremen-dous challenges in protecting our coun-try from domestic and international threats. They need tools and resources that allow them to face 21st century threats. While security should be a top pri-ority for our nation, it must not come at the cost of diminished constitu-tional rights. The Constitution and Congress have recognized certain pri-vacy rights and interests in digital communications. U.S. security and privacy policies have global economic impacts, and pre-serving personal security and privacy is essential for the continued growth of the economy. We must carefully bal-ance our privacy and security inter-ests, and changes to policies that im-pact our civil liberties must be made with the consideration of Congress and the American people. That is why today I submit a resolu-tion to affirm the importance of the se-curity and privacy of Americans. This resolution recognizes our national se-curity needs, our civil liberties, and the need to carefully balance the two. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 635—RECOG-NIZING AND COMMEMORATING THE BICENTENNIAL OF THE STATE OF INDIANA Mr. COATS (for himself and Mr. D
ON-
NELLY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 635 Whereas December 11, 2016, marks the 200th year of the statehood of the State of Indiana, and in honor of the momentous oc-casion, Hoosiers across the State of Indiana will celebrate the historic past and the pros-perous future of the State of Indiana; Whereas, on December 11, 1816, President James Madison signed the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Resolution for admitting the state of Indiana into the Union’’, approved Decem-ber 11, 1816 (3 Stat. 399), which admitted the State of Indiana as the 19th State of the United States and required that the leaders of the State of Indiana draft a State con-stitution; Whereas Jonathan Jennings, who spear-headed the effort in Congress to secure Indi-ana statehood, together with 43 of his peers, drafted the first Indiana State Constitution beneath the shade of a giant elm tree in the city of Corydon, Indiana, during the summer of 1816; Whereas in recognition of his role in Con-gress and as president of the constitutional convention of the State of Indiana, Jonathan Jennings was appointed the first Governor of the State of Indiana, the giant elm tree was later dubbed the Constitution Elm, and Corydon, Indiana, served as the first capital of the State of Indiana; Whereas, in October 1824, a coalition of State officials commenced an 11-day trek to move the capital of the State of Indiana 130 miles north from Corydon to Indianapolis; Whereas, in 1850, a second constitutional convention of the State of Indiana convened 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.050 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7037 December 9, 2016 
with the purpose of establishing more fre-quent elections, imposing restrictions on State debt, and creating biannual legislative sessions for the Indiana General Assembly, and as of November 2016, the Indiana State Constitution of 1850, as amended, still gov-erns the State of Indiana; Whereas, in 1888, Benjamin Harrison was the first and only Hoosier to be elected President; Whereas, since 1869, 5 Hoosiers have served the United States as Vice President, and in 2016, the sixth Hoosier to serve as Vice Presi-dent was elected; Whereas in celebration of the centennial of the State of Indiana, a design competition for the State flag was held, and the design by Paul Hadley was chosen for its stoic sym-bolism, including— (1) the torch that stands for liberty and en-lightenment; (2) the rays that signify that knowledge and freedom are available for all Hoosiers; (3) the 18 small stars that correspond to the States in the Union before the State of Indiana; and (4) the 19th and largest star that represents the State of Indiana; Whereas, the Indiana General Assembly adopted the flag designed by Paul Hadley as the flag of the State of Indiana in 1917; Whereas, in 1937, by the direction of a reso-lution of the Indiana General Assembly, ‘‘the Crossroads of America’’ became the official motto of the State of Indiana because the city of Indianapolis serves as an intersection of several major interstate highways that link— (1) Hoosiers throughout the State of Indi-ana; and (2) individuals across the United States; Whereas the seal of the State of Indiana— (1) was approved by the Indiana General Assembly in 1963 and originated from a lin-eage of designs dating back to the period during which Indiana was a territory of the United States; (2) illustrates a scene from the pioneer era of— (A) a woodsman cutting into 1 of 2 syca-more trees; (B) a buffalo in the foreground jumping over a log; and (C) the sun beginning to set behind 3 hills in the background; Whereas residents of the State of Indiana embrace the nickname for the State of Indi-ana, ‘‘the Hoosier State’’, pride for the term ‘‘Hoosier’’ is deeply rooted in the history of the State of Indiana, and Hoosiers bear the nickname proudly; Whereas May 29, 2016, marked the 100th running of the Indianapolis 500, which is a great source of pride to all residents of the State of Indiana because of its influential role in shaping and defining the city of Indi-anapolis and the State of Indiana; Whereas the Indiana Bicentennial Commis-sion was established in December of 2011 with the objective of honoring the 200 years of history of the State of Indiana; Whereas the Indiana Bicentennial Commis-sion has 4 key pillars, which are— (1) historical celebration; (2) youth and education; (3) nature conservation; and (4) community involvement; Whereas, to achieve its 4 main directives, the Indiana Bicentennial Commission has several major projects, including— (1) a Bicentennial Nature Trust that allo-cates $30,000,000 in matching funds to acquire land statewide for the purposes of recreation and conservation; (2) the construction of a Statehouse Edu-cation Center in the Indiana State Library; (3) the building of a Bicentennial Plaza on the west side of the Statehouse that features art and improves public access to the sur-rounding governmental buildings; and (4) the construction of a new facility to house the Indiana State Archives to provide increased access to the most important docu-ments of the State of Indiana; Whereas, on September 9, 2016, a torch relay began in Corydon, Indiana, and ended at the Statehouse on October 15, 2016, during which the torch traveled through all 92 coun-ties of the State of Indiana in— (1) an effort to fortify the communal con-nection of all Hoosiers; and (2) a symbolic culmination of the series of celebratory and educational bicentennial events, concluding on Statehood Day on De-cember 11, 2016; and Whereas it is fitting that the bicentennial of the State of Indiana and the cor-responding 200 years of rich history are cele-brated: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes and commemorates the bicentennial of the State of Indiana. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 636—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF DECEM-BER 4 THROUGH DECEMBER 10, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL NURSE-MAN-AGED HEALTH CLINIC WEEK’’ Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 636 Whereas nurse-managed health clinics are nonprofit, community-based health care sites that offer primary care and wellness services based on the nursing model; Whereas the nursing model emphasizes the protection, promotion, and optimization of health, the prevention of illness, the allevi-ation of suffering, and the diagnosis and treatment of illness; Whereas an advanced practice nurse leads each nurse-managed health clinic, and an interdisciplinary team of highly qualified health care professionals staffs each nurse- managed health clinic; Whereas nurse-managed health clinics offer a broad scope of services, including treatment for acute and chronic illnesses, routine physical exams, immunizations for adults and children, disease screenings, health education, prenatal care, dental care, and drug and alcohol treatment; Whereas, as of September 2016, approxi-mately 500 nurse-managed health clinics pro-vided care across the United States and re-corded more than 2,500,000 patient encoun-ters annually; Whereas nurse-managed health clinics strengthen the health care safety net by ex-panding access to primary care and chronic disease management services for vulnerable and medically underserved populations in di-verse rural, urban, and suburban commu-nities; Whereas research has shown that nurse- managed health clinics experience high pa-tient retention and patient satisfaction rates, and nurse-managed health clinic pa-tients, compared to patients of other similar safety net providers, experience higher rates of generic medication fills and lower hos-pitalization rates; Whereas the 2013 Health Affairs article ‘‘Nurse-Managed Health Centers and Pa-tient-Homes Could Mitigate Expected Pri-mary Care Physician Shortage’’ highlights the ability of nurse-managed health clinics to bring high quality care to individuals who may not otherwise receive needed services; and Whereas nurse-managed health clinics of-fering both primary care and wellness serv-ices provide quality care in a cost-effective manner: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of December 4 through December 10, 2016, as ‘‘National Nurse-Managed Health Clinic Week’’; (2) supports the ideals and goals of Na-tional Nurse-Managed Health Clinic Week; and (3) encourages the expansion of nurse-man-aged health clinics so that nurse-managed health clinics may continue to serve as health care workforce development sites for the next generation of primary care pro-viders. f SENATE RESOLUTION 637—HON-ORING THE INDIVIDUALS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE TRAGIC FIRE IN OAKLAND, CALI-FORNIA, ON DECEMBER 2, 2016 Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 637 Whereas, on Friday, December 2, 2016, a fire broke out at the Ghost Ship, an artist collective warehouse located in the Fruitvale community on 31st Avenue in Oak-land, California; Whereas Oakland, California, and its arts community suffered a horrific tragedy that evening and continue to mourn the loss of the individuals who died in the fire; Whereas, according to city of Oakland offi-cials, the Ghost Ship warehouse fire is the deadliest fire in the history of Oakland; Whereas, according to Alameda County Sheriff’s Office, as of December 5, 2016, 36 in-dividuals perished in the fire; Whereas it took more than 50 firefighters not less than 4 hours to extinguish the fire and an aggressive, coordinated effort to se-cure the scene by— (1) the Oakland Fire Department; (2) the Oakland Police Department; (3) the Alameda County Sheriff’s Office, in-cluding— (A) the Coroner’s Bureau; and (B) the Alameda County Search and Rescue Unit; (4) Oakland Public Works; (5) the California Governor’s Office of Emergency Services; (6) the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms and Explosives; (7) the American Red Cross; and (8) other agencies; Whereas first responders, firefighters, and recovery personnel, including agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, have worked around the clock to support the families of the victims and the community; Whereas first responders and recovery per-sonnel— (1) are vital to the ongoing recovery ef-forts; and (2) continue to investigate the cause of the deadly fire; and Whereas the officials of the city of Oak-land, California, have worked tirelessly to heal the community: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the individuals who lost their lives in the tragic fire in Oakland, Cali-fornia, on December 2, 2016; (2) honors the sacrifice of the first respond-ers, firefighters, agents of the Bureau of Al-cohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and all individuals who put themselves in harm’s way to help save lives and continue to respond to the fire; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.055 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7038 December 9, 2016 
(3) expresses continued solidarity with the people of the East Bay of the State of Cali-fornia as they work to heal their commu-nity; (4) reaffirms its commitment to support long-term recovery efforts in partnership with local and State governments, citizens, and businesses; (5) supports the city of Oakland’s contin-ued emergency response efforts and work to assist the families of the victims of the fire; and (6) offers condolences and support to the families and loved ones of the victims of the fire. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 638—RECOG-NIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ATTACK ON PEARL HAR-BOR AND THE LASTING SIGNIFI-CANCE OF NATIONAL PEARL HARBOR REMEMBRANCE DAY Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H
ATCH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. K ING, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 638 Whereas, on December 7, 1941, without warning and minutes before 8:00 a.m., air-craft of the Imperial Japanese Navy at-tacked military installations of the United States at Pearl Harbor and elsewhere on the island of Oahu, Hawaii; Whereas the attack at Pearl Harbor lasted for approximately 5 hours, during which 2,403 members of the Armed Forces of the United States were killed or mortally wounded, 1,247 members of the Armed Forces of the United States were wounded, and 57 civilians lost their lives; Whereas Japanese aircraft mercilessly at-tacked facilities, naval vessels, and aircraft of the United States in 2 waves, destroying or severely damaging numerous vessels of the United States Pacific Fleet and 188 air-craft of the United States, while Japanese submarines torpedoed several vessels of the United States between San Francisco and Honolulu; Whereas President Franklin Delano Roo-sevelt declared the day of the attack on Pearl Harbor ‘‘a date which will live in in-famy’’, and the people of the United States became united in remembrance of their fall-en countrymen and committed to defending the United States against all aggressors; Whereas, on the day following the attack on Pearl Harbor, December 8, 1941, Congress declared war against Japan, and 3 days later against Germany, thus beginning the in-volvement of the United States in a global conflict that would define a generation; Whereas more than 400,000 men and women of the United States sacrificed their lives to preserve the sacred freedoms of the United States and to cease forever the spread of Na-zism through Europe and imperialism by Japan; Whereas, after nearly 4 years of warfare, and following victory on the European front, World War II ended on September 2, 1945, when the Japanese surrendered aboard the USS Missouri; Whereas, in 1950, Admiral Arthur Radford ordered that a flagpole be erected over the remains of the USS Arizona, one of the bat-tleships of the United States sunk at Pearl Harbor; Whereas the USS Arizona serves as the final resting place for many of the 1,177 crew members of that battleship who lost their lives on December 7, 1941; Whereas the USS Arizona also serves as an educational site for people of the United States and international visitors alike, rais-ing awareness about the attack on Pearl Harbor and the perils of war; Whereas the terms of the Japanese sur-render fostered significant democratic re-form in Japan, including ensuring the indi-vidual liberty and rights of the people of Japan; Whereas the United States has moved be-yond the tragedy of Pearl Harbor and war against Japan and, in the years since the conclusion of World War II, has formed a strong and valuable alliance with Japan, in-cluding military cooperation and bilateral trade; and Whereas, on August 23, 1994, Congress en-acted Public Law 103–308 (later codified as section 129 of title 36, United States Code), which designates December 7th of each year as National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day and requests that the President— (1) issue each year a proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day with appropriate ceremonies and activities; and (2) urge all departments, agencies, and in-strumentalities of the Federal Government, and interested organizations, groups, and in-dividuals, to fly the flag of the United States at half-staff each December 7th in honor of the individuals who died as a result of their service at Pearl Harbor: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate, on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the December 7, 1941, attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii— (1) pays tribute to the members of the Armed Forces of the United States and civil-ians who died in the attack; (2) honors the thousands of men and women of the Armed Forces of the United States who paid the ultimate sacrifice and gave their lives in defense of freedom and liberty during World War II; (3) acknowledges the continued peaceful and mutually beneficial relationship be-tween the United States and Japan; and (4) appreciates the efforts of Japan as one of the most reliable security partners of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 639—DESIG-NATING DECEMBER 17, 2016, AS ‘‘WREATHS ACROSS AMERICA DAY’’ Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 639 Whereas, 25 years before the date of adop-tion of this resolution, the Wreaths Across America project began with an annual tradi-tion that occurs in December, of donating, transporting, and placing 5,000 Maine balsam fir remembrance wreaths on the graves of the fallen heroes buried at Arlington Na-tional Cemetery; Whereas, in the 25 years preceding the date of adoption of this resolution, more than 3,317,000 wreaths have been sent to locations, including national cemeteries and veterans memorials, in every State and overseas; Whereas the mission of the Wreaths Across America project, to ‘‘Remember, Honor, Teach’’, is carried out in part by coordi-nating wreath-laying ceremonies in all 50 States and overseas, including at— (1) Arlington National Cemetery; (2) veterans cemeteries; and (3) other locations; Whereas the Wreaths Across America project carries out a week-long veterans pa-rade between Maine and Virginia, stopping along the way to spread a message about the importance of— (1) remembering the fallen heroes of the United States; (2) honoring those who serve; and (3) reminding the people of the United States about the sacrifices made by veterans and their families to preserve freedoms in the United States; Whereas, in 2015, approximately 901,000 re-membrance wreaths were sent to more than 1,100 locations across the United States and overseas, an increase of more than 100 loca-tions compared to the previous year; Whereas, in December 2016, the tradition of escorting tractor-trailers filled with donated wreaths from Maine to Arlington National Cemetery will be continued by— (1) the Patriot Guard Riders; and (2) other patriotic escort units, including motorcycle units, law enforcement units, and first responder units; Whereas hundreds of thousands of individ-uals volunteer each December to help lay re-membrance wreaths; Whereas the trucking industry in the United States continues to support the Wreaths Across America project by pro-viding drivers, equipment, and related serv-ices to assist in the transportation of wreaths across the United States to over 1,200 locations; Whereas the Senate designated December 12, 2015, as ‘‘Wreaths Across America Day’’; and Whereas, on December 17, 2016, the Wreaths Across America project will continue the proud legacy of bringing remembrance wreaths to Arlington National Cemetery: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates December 17, 2016, as ‘‘Wreaths Across America Day’’; (2) honors— (A) the Wreaths Across America project; (B) patriotic escort units, including motor-cycle units, law enforcement units, and first responder units; (C) the trucking industry in the United States; and (D) the volunteers and donors involved in this worthy tradition; and (3) recognizes— (A) the service of veterans and members of the Armed Forces; and (B) the sacrifices that veterans, members of the Armed Forces, and their families have made, and continue to make, for the United States, a great Nation. f SENATE RESOLUTION 640—RECOG-NIZING THE DEATH OF JOHN GLENN, FORMER SENATOR FOR THE STATE OF OHIO AND THE FIRST INDIVIDUAL FROM THE UNITED STATES TO ORBIT THE EARTH Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.060 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7039 December 9, 2016 
CASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 640 Whereas John Glenn was born in Cam-bridge, Ohio, in 1921 to John Herschel Glenn, Sr. and Clara Sproat Glenn; Whereas, at 2 years of age, John Glenn moved to New Concord, Ohio, the town where he met his childhood sweetheart and future wife; Whereas, in March 1942, shortly after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, John Glenn, who was a student at Muskingum Col-lege in New Concord, Ohio, at the time of the attack, entered the Naval Aviation Cadet program; Whereas John Glenn served in the Marine Corps from 1942 to 1965, during which time John Glenn— (1) flew 59 combat missions in World War II and 63 combat missions in Korea; and (2) for his service, earned 6 separate Distin-guished Flying Cross awards and the Air Medal with 18 clusters; Whereas, in 1959, John Glenn was selected by the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration to serve as 1 of the original 7 astronauts of the space program of the United States; Whereas, on February 20, 1962, John Glenn guided Mercury spacecraft Friendship 7 into space and circled the globe 3 times, traveling a distance of 3,600,000 miles and becoming the first individual from the United States to orbit the Earth; Whereas, in 1974, John Glenn arrived in the Senate, where he represented his home State of Ohio for 25 years before retiring in 1999; Whereas, during his time in the Senate, John Glenn served on the Committee on Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Special Committee on Aging; Whereas, as Chairman of the Committee on Governmental Affairs, John Glenn worked on a bipartisan basis to eliminate waste and make the Federal Government more effi-cient; Whereas, in 1998, as a 77-year old sitting Senator, John Glenn boarded the space shut-tle Discovery for 9 days, again setting his-tory as the oldest individual to fly in space; Whereas, in 2008, Ohio State University founded the John Glenn School of Public Af-fairs, which, in 2015, became the John Glenn College of Public Affairs, with the mission to ‘‘inspire citizenship and develop leadership’’ in the public sector; Whereas John Glenn was awarded the Con-gressional Gold Medal on November 16, 2011; Whereas John Glenn was awarded the Pres-idential Medal of Freedom on May 29, 2012; Whereas 1 author described John Glenn as ‘‘the last true national hero America has ever had’’; Whereas John Glenn is survived by his wife of 73 years, his 2 children, and his 2 grandsons; and Whereas the United States is deeply in-debted to John Glenn for his passion for ex-ploration, commitment to public service, and desire to make the world a better place: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate— (A) extends its deepest condolences and gratitude to the family of John Glenn; and (B) honors the legacy and life of John Glenn, his commitment to the United States, and his service to the Senate and the United States; and (2) when the Senate adjourns today, it stands adjourned as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of the late John Glenn. f SENATE RESOLUTION 641—CELE-BRATING THE 200TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY OF THE SENATE Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 641 Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate— (1) was established by a resolution adopted on December 10, 1816, as one of the original standing committees of the Senate; and (2) as of December 2016, is one of the origi-nal standing committees that remain; Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate originally had 5 members; Whereas, according to the Standing Rules of the Senate, the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate has jurisdiction over— (1) apportionment of Representatives; (2) bankruptcy, mutiny, espionage, and counterfeiting; (3) civil liberties; (4) amendments to the Constitution of the United States; (5) Federal courts and judges; (6) Government information; (7) holidays and celebrations; (8) immigration and naturalization; (9) interstate compacts, generally; (10) judicial proceedings, civil and crimi-nal, generally; (11) local courts in territories and posses-sions; (12) measures relating to claims against the United States; (13) national penitentiaries; (14) the Patent Office; (15) patents, copyrights, and trademarks; (16) protection of trade and commerce against unlawful restraints and monopolies; (17) revision and codification of the laws of the United States; and (18) State and territorial boundary lines; Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate has had 42 members who have served as chairmen, and a total of 349 men and women representing 49 States have served on the Committee; Whereas the first chairman of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate was Senator Dudley Chase of Vermont; Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate is regularly the epicenter of the most significant and controversial issues in the United States, and is tasked with up-holding fundamental rights and values for all people of the United States; Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate has shaped the physical bound-aries of the United States; Whereas, during the Civil War, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate helped ensure that President Abraham Lincoln had the emergency powers necessary to pursue the war effort; Whereas, in February 1864, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate reported the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and took an important step in ending slavery in the United States by vot-ing favorably on the language of the amend-ment, ‘‘Neither slavery nor involuntary ser-vitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly con-victed, shall exist within the United States.’’; Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate played a vital role in the devel-opment and adoption of the 14th and 15th Amendments to the Constitution of the United States; Whereas, in 1872, the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the Senate was on the forefront of the women’s suffrage movement; Whereas, in 1937, the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the Senate blocked the attempt by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to pack the Supreme Court of the United States; Whereas, before enactment, the Civil Rights Act of 1957 (Public Law 85–315; 71 Stat. 634) and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000a et seq.) were introduced and re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate considered and reported the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301); Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate considers civil rights legisla-tion, including— (1) the Fannie Lou Hamer, Rosa Parks, and Coretta Scott King Voting Rights Act Reau-thorization and Amendments Act of 2006 (52 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 109–246); and (2) the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2835); Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate has advanced laws to improve the criminal justice system, punish crimi-nals, and protect victims of crime and the in-nocent, including— (1) the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984 (Pub-lic Law 98–473; 98 Stat. 1987); (2) the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (Public Law 93–415; 88 Stat. 1109); (3) the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601 et seq.); (4) the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.); (5) the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2260); (6) the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–220; 124 Stat. 2372); and (7) the Preserving United States Attorney Independence Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–34; 121 Stat. 224); Whereas, in 1990, the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the Senate reported S. 2754 of the 101st Congress, entitled the ‘‘Violence Against Women Act of 1990’’ and advanced S. 47 of the 113th Congress, which was enacted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.066 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7040 December 9, 2016 
as the Violence Against Women Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4; 127 Stat. 54); Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate— (1) has promoted government trans-parency; (2) reported the bill that was enacted as section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Infor-mation Act’’); and (3) has continued to improve that Act by passing legislation, including the FOIA Im-provement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–185; 130 Stat. 538); Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate is one of the busiest and most productive committees of the Senate, and approximately 
1⁄5of all measures that are re-ferred to committees of the Senate are re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate handles nominations, including nominations for— (1) the Supreme Court of the United States; (2) the courts of appeals of the United States; (3) the district courts of the United States; (4) the Department of Justice; (5) the Attorney General; (6) the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; (7) United States Attorneys; (8) the United States Marshals Service; and (9) the United States Sentencing Commis-sion; Whereas the work of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate has contributed to a more diverse Federal judiciary; Whereas members of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate have been elected President or Vice President or appointed to the Cabinet or the Supreme Court of the United States; Whereas Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts served on the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate for 45 years from 1963 to 2009, the longest period served on the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate by any Senator; and Whereas Senator James O. Eastland of Mississippi served as chairman of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate for 22 years from 1956 to 1978, and was the longest- serving chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) celebrates and congratulates the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate on the celebration of its 200th anniversary; and (2) applauds the many accomplishments of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 642—AU-THORIZING TAKING PICTURES AND FILMING IN THE SENATE CHAMBER, THE SENATE WING OF THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL, AND SENATE OFFICE BUILDINGS FOR PRODUCTION OF A FILM AND A BOOK ON THE HISTORY OF THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 642 Resolved, SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF TAKING OF PIC-TURES AND FILMING IN SENATE CHAMBER, SENATE WING, AND SEN-ATE OFFICE BUILDINGS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—During the period be-ginning on the date of adoption of this reso-lution and ending on May 1, 2017, with re-spect to an individual or entity entering into a memorandum of understanding described in subsection (d)— (1) paragraph 1 of rule IV of the Rules for the Regulation of the Senate Wing of the United States Capitol and Senate Office Buildings (prohibiting the taking of pictures in the Senate Chamber) is temporarily sus-pended for the purpose of permitting the tak-ing of pictures and filming while the Senate is in session or in recess; and (2) taking of pictures and filming shall be permitted in the Senate Wing of the United States Capitol and in Senate Office Build-ings. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF IMAGES .—The pic- tures taken and film made under subsection (a) may only be used for production of a film documentary and a book on the history of the Senate. (c) A
RRANGEMENTS .—The Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate shall make the necessary arrangements to carry out this resolution, including such arrangements as are necessary to ensure that the taking of pictures and filming conducted under this resolution does not disrupt any proceeding of the Senate. (d) P
RODUCTION AGREEMENT .—The Majority Leader of the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Senate, and the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate shall jointly enter into a memorandum of understanding with an individual or entity seeking to take pictures and conduct filming for purposes of producing a film documentary and a book on the history of the Senate to formalize an agreement on locations and times for taking pictures and conducting filming and the use of the pictures taken and film made under this resolution. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5151. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5152. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 5153. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 5154. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 5155. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 5156. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5157. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5158. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5159. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5160. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5161. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. CANTWELL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 612, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5162. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5163. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5164. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. N
ELSON , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. R EED, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C OONS , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. R EID, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, and Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5165. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5166. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5167. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5168. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5169. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. T
OOMEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1831, to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. SA 5170. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. P
ERDUE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2781, to improve homeland security, including do-mestic preparedness and response to ter-rorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforce-ment Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other purposes. SA 5171. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. P
ERDUE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3842, to improve homeland security, including do-mestic preparedness and response to ter-rorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforce-ment Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.065 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7041 December 9, 2016 
SA 5172. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. S ULLIVAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3086, to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to re-duce marine debris and for other purposes. SA 5173. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. M
ORAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 290, to amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. SA 5174. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. H
ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 57, honoring in praise and remembrance the extraordinary life, steady leadership, and remarkable, 70-year reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thai-land. SA 5175. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1150, to amend the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, train-ing, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexi-ble political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes. SA 5176. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5175 proposed by Mr. P
ORTMAN (for Mr. C
ORKER ) to the bill H.R. 1150, supra. SA 5177. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4939, to increase engagement with the govern-ments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States, and the private sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes. SA 5178. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. J
OHNSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 6302, to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Service agents per-forming protective services during 2016, and for other purposes. SA 5179. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. J
OHNSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 6302, supra. SA 5180. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. C
RUZ(for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3346, to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and for other pur-poses. SA 5181. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. K
IRK) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 1168, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to preserve access to rehabilitation innova-tion centers under the Medicare program. SA 5182. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3021, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the use of Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to pursue independent study programs at cer-tain educational institutions that are not in-stitutions of higher learning. SA 5183. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. T
HUNE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to prepare a comprehensive security as-sessment of the transportation security card program, and for other purposes. SA 5184. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. B
ARRASSO ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1776, to enhance tribal road safety, and for other pur-poses. SA 5185. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. K
ING) pro- posed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4245, to exempt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. SA 5186. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. G
ARDNER  (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3084, to invest in innovation through research and develop-ment, and to improve the competitiveness of the United States. f TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5151. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 5152. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘’3’’ 
SA 5153. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘’4 days’’ 
SA 5154. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This act shall be effective 6 days after en-actment.’’ 
SA 5155. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘6’’ and insert ‘‘7’’ 
SA 5156. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 5157. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
SA 5158. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
SA 5159. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This act shall be effective 6 days after en-actment.’’ 
SA 5160. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘6’’ and insert ‘‘7’’ 
SA 5161. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. H EINRICH ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike subtitle J of title III (relating to California water). 
SA 5162. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mr. U DALL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’’; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. EXTENSION OF SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF- DETERMINATION ACT OF 2000. 
(a) S ECURE PAYMENTS FOR STATES CON-
TAINING FEDERAL LAND.—Section 101 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended, in subsections (a) and (b), by strik-ing ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘2016’’. (b) P
AYMENTS TO STATES AND COUNTIES .— Section 102 of the Secure Rural Schools and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.069 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7042 December 9, 2016 
Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2014 , 2015, 
OR 2016 .—The election otherwise required by subparagraph (A) shall not apply for fiscal year 2014, 2015, or 2016.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2014 and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2014 , 2015, 
AND 2016 .—The election made by an eligible county under subparagraph (B), (C), or (D) for fiscal year 2013, or deemed to be made by the county under paragraph (3)(B) for that fiscal year, shall be effective for fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2014 , 2015, 
AND 2016 .—This paragraph does not apply for fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016.’’. (c) T
RANSITION PAYMENTS TO STATES .—Sec- tion 103(d)(2) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7113(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (d) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES .—Sec- tion 205(a)(4) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (f) C
OUNTY FUNDS TERMINATION OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 304 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (g) O
FFSET .—It is the sense of the Senate the costs of carrying out this section and the amendments made by this section will be off-set. 
SA 5163. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mr. U DALL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. EXTENSION OF SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF- DETERMINATION ACT OF 2000. 
(a) S ECURE PAYMENTS FOR STATES CON-
TAINING FEDERAL LAND.—Section 101 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended, in subsections (a) and (b), by strik-ing ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘2016’’. (b) PAYMENTS TO STATES AND COUNTIES .— Section 102 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2014 , 2015, 
OR 2016 .—The election otherwise required by subparagraph (A) shall not apply for fiscal year 2014, 2015, or 2016.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2014 and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2014 , 2015, 
AND 2016 .—The election made by an eligible county under subparagraph (B), (C), or (D) for fiscal year 2013, or deemed to be made by the county under paragraph (3)(B) for that fiscal year, shall be effective for fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) P
AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2014 , 2015, 
AND 2016 .—This paragraph does not apply for fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016.’’. (c) T
RANSITION PAYMENTS TO STATES .—Sec- tion 103(d)(2) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7113(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (d) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES .—Sec- tion 205(a)(4) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (f) C
OUNTY FUNDS TERMINATION OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 304 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (g) O
FFSET .—It is the sense of the Senate the costs of carrying out this section and the amendments made by this section will be off-set. 
SA 5164. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. N
ELSON , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C
ARPER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. R
EED, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C OONS , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. R EID, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: Beginning on page 12, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 16, line 18, and in-sert the following: ‘‘(a) S
HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘Miners Protection Act of 2016’. ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN RETIREES IN THE  M
ULTIEMPLOYER HEALTH BENEFIT PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 402 of the Sur-face Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1232) is amended— ‘‘(A) in subsection (h)(2)(C)— ‘‘(i) by striking ‘A transfer’ and inserting the following: ‘‘‘(i) T
RANSFER TO THE PLAN .—A transfer’; ‘‘(ii) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and moving such subclauses 2 ems to the right; and ‘‘(iii) by striking the matter following such subclause (II) (as so redesignated) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘‘(ii) C
ALCULATION OF EXCESS .—The excess determined under clause (i) shall be cal-culated by taking into account only— ‘‘‘ (I) those beneficiaries actually enrolled in the Plan as of the date of the enactment of the Miners Protection Act of 2016 who are eligible to receive health benefits under the Plan on the first day of the calendar year for which the transfer is made, other than those beneficiaries enrolled in the Plan under the terms of a participation agreement with the current or former employer of such bene-ficiaries; and ‘‘‘ (II) those beneficiaries whose health benefits, defined as those benefits payable di-rectly following death or retirement or upon a finding of disability by an employer in the bituminous coal industry under a coal wage agreement (as defined in section 9701(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), would be denied or reduced as a result of a bankruptcy proceeding commenced in 2012 or 2015. ‘‘‘ (iii) E
LIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN RETIREES .— Individuals referred to in clause (ii)(II) shall be treated as eligible to receive health bene-fits under the Plan. ‘‘‘(iv) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR TRANSFER .—The amount of the transfer otherwise determined under this subparagraph for a fiscal year shall be reduced by any amount transferred for the fiscal year to the Plan, to pay bene-fits required under the Plan, from a vol-untary employees’ beneficiary association established as a result of a bankruptcy pro-ceeding described in clause (ii). ‘‘‘(v) VEBA 
TRANSFER .—The administrator of such voluntary employees’ beneficiary as-sociation shall transfer to the Plan any amounts received as a result of such bank-ruptcy proceeding, reduced by an amount for administrative costs of such association.’; and ‘‘(B) in subsection (i)— ‘‘(i) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and ‘‘(ii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNTS .— ‘‘‘(A) C
ALCULATION .—If the dollar limita-tion specified in paragraph (3)(A) exceeds the aggregate amount required to be transferred under paragraphs (1) and (2) for a fiscal year, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer an additional amount equal to the difference between such dollar limitation and such ag-gregate amount to the trustees of the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan to pay benefits required under that plan. ‘‘‘(B) C
ESSATION OF TRANSFERS .—The trans-fers described in subparagraph (A) shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.113 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7043 December 9, 2016 
cease as of the first fiscal year beginning after the first plan year for which the funded percentage (as defined in section 432(i)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan is at least 100 percent. ‘‘‘(C) P
ROHIBITION ON BENEFIT INCREASES , 
ETC.—During a fiscal year in which the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan is receiving transfers under subparagraph (A), no amendment of such plan which increases the liabilities of the plan by reason of any increase in bene-fits, any change in the accrual of benefits, or any change in the rate at which benefits be-come nonforfeitable under the plan may be adopted unless the amendment is required as a condition of qualification under part I of subchapter D of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF TRANSFERS FOR PUR -
POSES OF WITHDRAWAL LIABILITY UNDER  
ERISA .—The amount of any transfer made under subparagraph (A) (and any earnings attributable thereto) shall be disregarded in determining the unfunded vested benefits of the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan and the alloca-tion of such unfunded vested benefits to an employer for purposes of determining the employer’s withdrawal liability under sec-tion 4201. ‘‘‘(E) R
EQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN CONTRIBU -
TION RATE .—A transfer under subparagraph (A) shall not be made for a fiscal year unless the persons that are obligated to contribute to the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan on the date of the transfer are obligated to make the contributions at rates that are no less than those in effect on the date which is 30 days before the date of enactment of the Miners Protection Act of 2016. ‘‘‘(F) E
NHANCED ANNUAL REPORTING .— ‘‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the 90th day of each plan year beginning after the date of enactment of the Miners Protection Act of 2016, the trustees of the 1974 UMWA Pension Plan shall file with the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation a report (including appropriate documentation and actuarial certifications from the plan actuary, as required by the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate) that contains— ‘‘‘(I) whether the plan is in endangered or critical status under section 305 of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as of the first day of such plan year; ‘‘‘(II) the funded percentage (as defined in section 432(i)(2) of such Code) as of the first day of such plan year, and the underlying ac-tuarial value of assets and liabilities taken into account in determining such percent-age; ‘‘‘(III) the market value of the assets of the plan as of the last day of the plan year preceding such plan year; ‘‘‘(IV) the total value of all contributions made during the plan year preceding such plan year; ‘‘‘(V) the total value of all benefits paid during the plan year preceding such plan year; ‘‘‘(VI) cash flow projections for such plan year and either the 6 or 10 succeeding plan years, at the election of the trustees, and the assumptions relied upon in making such pro-jections; ‘‘‘(VII) funding standard account projec-tions for such plan year and the 9 succeeding plan years, and the assumptions relied upon in making such projections; ‘‘‘(VIII) the total value of all investment gains or losses during the plan year pre-ceding such plan year; ‘‘‘(IX) any significant reduction in the number of active participants during the plan year preceding such plan year, and the reason for such reduction; ‘‘‘(X) a list of employers that withdrew from the plan in the plan year preceding such plan year, and the resulting reduction in contributions; ‘‘‘(XI) a list of employers that paid with-drawal liability to the plan during the plan year preceding such plan year and, for each employer, a total assessment of the with-drawal liability paid, the annual payment amount, and the number of years remaining in the payment schedule with respect to such withdrawal liability; ‘‘‘(XII) any material changes to benefits, accrual rates, or contribution rates during the plan year preceding such plan year; ‘‘‘(XIII) any scheduled benefit increase or decrease in the plan year preceding such plan year having a material effect on liabilities of the plan; ‘‘‘(XIV) details regarding any funding im-provement plan or rehabilitation plan and updates to such plan; ‘‘‘(XV) the number of participants and beneficiaries during the plan year preceding such plan year who are active participants, the number of participants and beneficiaries in pay status, and the number of terminated vested participants and beneficiaries; ‘‘‘(XVI) the information contained on the most recent annual funding notice submitted by the plan under section 101(f) of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; ‘‘‘(XVII) the information contained on the most recent Department of Labor Form 5500 of the plan; and ‘‘‘(XVIII) copies of the plan document and amendments, other retirement benefit or an-cillary benefit plans relating to the plan and contribution obligations under such plans, a breakdown of administrative expenses of the plan, participant census data and distribu-tion of benefits, the most recent actuarial valuation report as of the plan year, copies of collective bargaining agreements, and fi-nancial reports, and such other information as the Secretary of the Treasury or the Sec-retary’s delegate, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor and the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, may require. ‘‘‘(ii) E
LECTRONIC SUBMISSION .—The report required under clause (i) shall be submitted electronically. ‘‘‘(iii) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Sec-retary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate shall share the information in the report under clause (i) with the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘‘(iv) P
ENALTY .—Any failure to file the re-port required under clause (i) on or before the date described in such clause shall be treated as a failure to file a report required to be filed under section 6058(a) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, except that section 6652(e) of such Code shall be applied with re-spect to any such failure by substituting ‘$100’ for ‘$25’. The preceding sentence shall not apply if the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate determines that reasonable diligence has been exercised by the trustees of such plan in attempting to timely file such report. ‘‘‘(G) 1974 
UMWA PENSION PLAN DEFINED .— For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘1974 UMWA Pension Plan’ has the meaning given the term in section 9701(a)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, but without re-gard to the limitation on participation to in-dividuals who retired in 1976 and thereafter.’. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2016. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 402(i)(4)(F) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1232(i)(4)(F)), as added by this subsection, shall apply to plan years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. ‘‘(c) CLARIFICATION OF FINANCING OBLIGA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 9704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— ‘‘(A) by striking paragraph (3), ‘‘(B) by striking ‘three premiums’ and in-serting ‘two premiums’, and ‘‘(C) by striking ‘, plus’ at the end of para-graph (2) and inserting a period. ‘‘(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— ‘‘(A) Section 9704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— ‘‘(i) by striking subsection (d), and ‘‘(ii) by redesignating subsections (e) through (j) as subsections (d) through (i), re-spectively. ‘‘(B) Subsection (d) of section 9704 of such Code, as so redesignated, is amended— ‘‘(i) by striking ‘3 separate accounts for each of the premiums described in sub-sections (b), (c), and (d)’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘2 separate accounts for each of the premiums described in subsections (b) and (c)’, and ‘‘(ii) by striking ‘or the unassigned bene-ficiaries premium account’ in paragraph (3)(B). ‘‘(C) Subclause (I) of section 9703(b)(2)(C)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘9704(e)(3)(B)(i)’ and inserting ‘9704(d)(3)(B)(i)’. ‘‘(D) Paragraph (3) of section 9705(a) of such Code is amended— ‘‘(i) by striking ‘the unassigned beneficiary premium under section 9704(a)(3) and’ in sub-paragraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) by striking ‘9704(i)(1)(B)’ and inserting ‘9704(h)(1)(B)’. ‘‘(E) Paragraph (2) of section 9711(c) of such Code is amended— ‘‘(i) by striking ‘9704(j)(2)’ in subparagraph (A)(i) and inserting ‘9704(i)(2)’, ‘‘(ii) by striking ‘9704(j)(2)(B)’ in subpara-graph (B) and inserting ‘9704(i)(2)(B)’, and ‘‘(iii) by striking ‘9704(j)’ and inserting ‘9704(i)’. ‘‘(F) Paragraph (4) of section 9712(d) of such Code is amended by striking ‘9704(j)’ and in-serting ‘9704(i)’. ‘‘(3) E
LIMINATION OF ADDITIONAL BACKSTOP  
PREMIUM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 9712(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (2) of section 9712(d) of such Code is amend-ed— ‘‘(i) by striking subparagraph (B), ‘‘(ii) by striking ‘, and’ at the end of sub-paragraph (A) and inserting a period, and ‘‘(iii) by striking ‘shall provide for—’ and all that follows through ‘annual adjust-ments’ and inserting ‘shall provide for an-nual adjustments’. ‘‘(4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to plan years beginning after September 30, 2016. ‘‘(d) C
USTOMS USERFEES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘September 30, 2025’ and inserting ‘May 6, 2026’. ‘‘(2) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended by striking ‘September 30, 2025’ and inserting ‘May 6, 2026’. 
SA 5165. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.113 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7044 December 9, 2016 
him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: DIVISION l—CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES AND SUPPORT 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this division is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—INVESTING IN PREVENTION AND FAMILY SERVICES Sec. 101. Purpose. Subtitle A—Prevention Activities Under Title IV–E Sec. 111. Foster care prevention services and programs. Sec. 112. Foster care maintenance payments for children with parents in a licensed residential family- based treatment facility for substance abuse. Sec. 113. Title IV–E payments for evidence- based kinship navigator pro-grams. Subtitle B—Enhanced Support Under Title IV–B Sec. 121. Elimination of time limit for fam-ily reunification services while in foster care and permitting time-limited family reunifica-tion services when a child re-turns home from foster care. Sec. 122. Reducing bureaucracy and unneces-sary delays when placing chil-dren in homes across State lines. Sec. 123. Enhancements to grants to im-prove well-being of families af-fected by substance abuse. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Sec. 131. Reviewing and improving licensing standards for placement in a relative foster family home. Sec. 132. Development of a statewide plan to prevent child abuse and neglect fatalities. Sec. 133. Modernizing the title and purpose of title IV–E. Sec. 134. Effective dates. TITLE II—ENSURING THE NECESSITY OF A PLACEMENT THAT IS NOT IN A FOS-TER FAMILY HOME Sec. 201. Limitation on Federal financial participation for placements that are not in foster family homes. Sec. 202. Assessment and documentation of the need for placement in a qualified residential treatment program. Sec. 203. Protocols to prevent inappropriate diagnoses. Sec. 204. Additional data and reports regard-ing children placed in a setting that is not a foster family home. Sec. 205. Effective dates; application to waivers. TITLE III—CONTINUING SUPPORT FOR CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES Sec. 301. Supporting and retaining foster families for children. Sec. 302. Extension of child and family serv-ices programs. Sec. 303. Improvements to the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independ-ence Program and related pro-visions. TITLE IV—CONTINUING INCENTIVES TO STATES TO PROMOTE ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP Sec. 401. Reauthorizing adoption and legal guardianship incentive pro-grams. TITLE V—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS Sec. 501. Technical corrections to data ex-change standards to improve program coordination. Sec. 502. Technical corrections to State re-quirement to address the devel-opmental needs of young chil-dren. TITLE VI—ENSURING STATES REINVEST SAVINGS RESULTING FROM INCREASE IN ADOPTION ASSISTANCE Sec. 601. Delay of adoption assistance phase- in. Sec. 602. GAO study and report on State re-investment of savings resulting from increase in adoption as-sistance. TITLE I—INVESTING IN PREVENTION AND FAMILY SERVICES 
SEC. 101. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to enable States to use Federal funds available under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide enhanced support to children and families and prevent foster care placements through the provision of mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services, in-home parent skill-based pro-grams, and kinship navigator services. Subtitle A—Prevention Activities Under Title IV–E 
SEC. 111. FOSTER CARE PREVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) S TATE OPTION .—Section 471 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through the semicolon and inserting ‘‘, adoption assistance in ac-cordance with section 473, and, at the option of the State, services or programs specified in subsection (e)(1) of this section for chil-dren who are candidates for foster care or who are pregnant or parenting foster youth and the parents or kin caregivers of the chil-dren, in accordance with the requirements of that subsection;’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
REVENTION AND FAMILY SERVICES AND  P
ROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the suc-ceeding provisions of this subsection, the Secretary may make a payment to a State for providing the following services or pro-grams for a child described in paragraph (2) and the parents or kin caregivers of the child when the need of the child, such a parent, or such a caregiver for the services or programs are directly related to the safety, perma-nence, or well-being of the child or to pre-venting the child from entering foster care: ‘‘(A) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE  
PREVENTION AND TREATMENT SERVICES .—Men- tal health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services provided by a quali-fied clinician for not more than a 12-month period that begins on any date described in paragraph (3) with respect to the child. ‘‘(B) I
N-HOME PARENT SKILL -BASED PRO -
GRAMS .—In-home parent skill-based pro-grams for not more than a 12-month period that begins on any date described in para-graph (3) with respect to the child and that include parenting skills training, parent edu-cation, and individual and family counseling. ‘‘(2) CHILD DESCRIBED .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a child described in this para-graph is the following: ‘‘(A) A child who is a candidate for foster care (as defined in section 475(13)) but can re-main safely at home or in a kinship place-ment with receipt of services or programs specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) A child in foster care who is a preg-nant or parenting foster youth. ‘‘(3) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the dates described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) The date on which a child is identified in a prevention plan maintained under para-graph (4) as a child who is a candidate for foster care (as defined in section 475(13)). ‘‘(B) The date on which a child is identified in a prevention plan maintained under para-graph (4) as a pregnant or parenting foster youth in need of services or programs speci-fied in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATED TO PROVIDING  
SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .—Services and pro-grams specified in paragraph (1) may be pro-vided under this subsection only if specified in advance in the child’s prevention plan de-scribed in subparagraph (A) and the require-ments in subparagraphs (B) through (E) are met: ‘‘(A) P
REVENTION PLAN .—The State main-tains a written prevention plan for the child that meets the following requirements (as applicable): ‘‘(i) C
ANDIDATES .—In the case of a child who is a candidate for foster care described in paragraph (2)(A), the prevention plan shall— ‘‘(I) identify the foster care prevention strategy for the child so that the child may remain safely at home, live temporarily with a kin caregiver until reunification can be safely achieved, or live permanently with a kin caregiver; ‘‘(II) list the services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of the child to en-sure the success of that prevention strategy; and ‘‘(III) comply with such other requirements as the Secretary shall establish. ‘‘(ii) P
REGNANT OR PARENTING FOSTER  
YOUTH .—In the case of a child who is a preg-nant or parenting foster youth described in paragraph (2)(B), the prevention plan shall— ‘‘(I) be included in the child’s case plan re-quired under section 475(1); ‘‘(II) list the services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of the youth to en-sure that the youth is prepared (in the case of a pregnant foster youth) or able (in the case of a parenting foster youth) to be a par-ent; ‘‘(III) describe the foster care prevention strategy for any child born to the youth; and ‘‘(IV) comply with such other requirements as the Secretary shall establish. ‘‘(B) T
RAUMA -INFORMED .—The services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of a child are provided under an organizational structure and treatment framework that in-volves understanding, recognizing, and re-sponding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accordance with recognized principles of a trauma-informed approach and trauma- specific interventions to address trauma’s consequences and facilitate healing. ‘‘(C) O
NLY SERVICES AND PROGRAMS PRO -
VIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH PROMISING , SUP-
PORTED , OR WELL -SUPPORTED PRACTICES PER -
MITTED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Only State expenditures for services or programs specified in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) that are provided in accordance with practices that meet the requirements specified in clause (ii) of this subparagraph and that meet the re-quirements specified in clause (iii), (iv), or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7045 December 9, 2016 
(v), respectively, for being a promising, sup-ported, or well-supported practice, shall be eligible for a Federal matching payment under section 474(a)(6)(A). ‘‘(ii) G
ENERAL PRACTICE REQUIREMENTS .— The general practice requirements specified in this clause are the following: ‘‘(I) The practice has a book, manual, or other available writings that specify the components of the practice protocol and de-scribe how to administer the practice. ‘‘(II) There is no empirical basis suggesting that, compared to its likely benefits, the practice constitutes a risk of harm to those receiving it. ‘‘(III) If multiple outcome studies have been conducted, the overall weight of evi-dence supports the benefits of the practice. ‘‘(IV) Outcome measures are reliable and valid, and are administrated consistently and accurately across all those receiving the practice. ‘‘(V) There is no case data suggesting a risk of harm that was probably caused by the treatment and that was severe or frequent. ‘‘(iii) P
ROMISING PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘promising prac-tice’ if the practice is superior to an appro-priate comparison practice using conven-tional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful im-provements in validated measures of impor-tant child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least one study that— ‘‘(I) was rated by an independent system-atic review for the quality of the study de-sign and execution and determined to be well-designed and well-executed; and ‘‘(II) utilized some form of control (such as an untreated group, a placebo group, or a wait list study). ‘‘(iv) S
UPPORTED PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘supported prac-tice’ if— ‘‘(I) the practice is superior to an appro-priate comparison practice using conven-tional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful im-provements in validated measures of impor-tant child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least one study that— ‘‘(aa) was rated by an independent system-atic review for the quality of the study de-sign and execution and determined to be well-designed and well-executed; ‘‘(bb) was a rigorous random-controlled trial (or, if not available, a study using a rig-orous quasi-experimental research design); and ‘‘(cc) was carried out in a usual care or practice setting; and ‘‘(II) the study described in subclause (I) established that the practice has a sustained effect (when compared to a control group) for at least 6 months beyond the end of the treatment. ‘‘(v) W
ELL-SUPPORTED PRACTICE .—A prac- tice shall be considered to be a ‘well-sup-ported practice’ if— ‘‘(I) the practice is superior to an appro-priate comparison practice using conven-tional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful im-provements in validated measures of impor-tant child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least two studies that— ‘‘(aa) were rated by an independent sys-tematic review for the quality of the study design and execution and determined to be well-designed and well-executed; ‘‘(bb) were rigorous random-controlled trials (or, if not available, studies using a rigorous quasi-experimental research de-sign); and ‘‘(cc) were carried out in a usual care or practice setting; and ‘‘(II) at least one of the studies described in subclause (I) established that the practice has a sustained effect (when compared to a control group) for at least 1 year beyond the end of treatment. ‘‘(D) GUIDANCE ON PRACTICES CRITERIA AND  
PRE-APPROVED SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall issue guidance to States regarding the practices criteria re-quired for services or programs to satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (C). The guid-ance shall include a pre-approved list of serv-ices and programs that satisfy the require-ments. ‘‘(ii) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall issue updates to the guidance required by clause (i) as often as the Secretary determines nec-essary. ‘‘(E) O
UTCOME ASSESSMENT AND REPORT -
ING.—The State shall collect and report to the Secretary the following information with respect to each child for whom, or on whose behalf mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services or in- home parent skill-based programs are pro-vided during a 12-month period beginning on the date the child is determined by the State to be a child described in paragraph (2): ‘‘(i) The specific services or programs pro-vided and the total expenditures for each of the services or programs. ‘‘(ii) The duration of the services or pro-grams provided. ‘‘(iii) In the case of a child described in paragraph (2)(A), the child’s placement sta-tus at the beginning, and at the end, of the 1-year period, respectively, and whether the child entered foster care within 2 years after being determined a candidate for foster care. ‘‘(5) S
TATE PLAN COMPONENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State electing to pro-vide services or programs specified in para-graph (1) shall submit as part of the State plan required by subsection (a) a prevention services and programs plan component that meets the requirements of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
REVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS  
PLAN COMPONENT .—In order to meet the re-quirements of this subparagraph, a preven-tion services and programs plan component, with respect to each 5-year period for which the plan component is in operation in the State, shall include the following: ‘‘(i) How providing services and programs specified in paragraph (1) is expected to im-prove specific outcomes for children and families. ‘‘(ii) How the State will monitor and over-see the safety of children who receive serv-ices and programs specified in paragraph (1), including through periodic risk assessments throughout the period in which the services and programs are provided on behalf of a child and reexamination of the prevention plan maintained for the child under para-graph (4) for the provision of the services or programs if the State determines the risk of the child entering foster care remains high despite the provision of the services or pro-grams. ‘‘(iii) With respect to the services and pro-grams specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), information on the specific promising, supported, or well-supported practices the State plans to use to provide the services or programs, including a de-scription of— ‘‘(I) the services or programs and whether the practices used are promising, supported, or well-supported; ‘‘(II) how the State plans to implement the services or programs, including how imple-mentation of the services or programs will be continuously monitored to ensure fidelity to the practice model and to determine out-comes achieved and how information learned from the monitoring will be used to refine and improve practices; ‘‘(III) how the State selected the services or programs; ‘‘(IV) the target population for the services or programs; and ‘‘(V) how each service or program provided will be evaluated through a well-designed and rigorous process, which may consist of an ongoing, cross-site evaluation approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(iv) A description of the consultation that the State agencies responsible for admin-istering the State plans under this part and part B engage in with other State agencies responsible for administering health pro-grams, including mental health and sub-stance abuse prevention and treatment serv-ices, and with other public and private agen-cies with experience in administering child and family services, including community- based organizations, in order to foster a con-tinuum of care for children described in paragraph (2) and their parents or kin care-givers. ‘‘(v) A description of how the State shall assess children and their parents or kin care-givers to determine eligibility for services or programs specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(vi) A description of how the services or programs specified in paragraph (1) that are provided for or on behalf of a child and the parents or kin caregivers of the child will be coordinated with other child and family services provided to the child and the par-ents or kin caregivers of the child under the State plan under part B. ‘‘(vii) Descriptions of steps the State is taking to support and enhance a competent, skilled, and professional child welfare work-force to deliver trauma-informed and evi-dence-based services, including— ‘‘(I) ensuring that staff is qualified to pro-vide services or programs that are consistent with the promising, supported, or well-sup-ported practice models selected; and ‘‘(II) developing appropriate prevention plans, and conducting the risk assessments required under clause (iii). ‘‘(viii) A description of how the State will provide training and support for caseworkers in assessing what children and their families need, connecting to the families served, knowing how to access and deliver the need-ed trauma-informed and evidence-based serv-ices, and overseeing and evaluating the con-tinuing appropriateness of the services. ‘‘(ix) A description of how caseload size and type for prevention caseworkers will be de-termined, managed, and overseen. ‘‘(x) An assurance that the State will re-port to the Secretary such information and data as the Secretary may require with re-spect to the provision of services and pro-grams specified in paragraph (1), including information and data necessary to determine the performance measures for the State under paragraph (6) and compliance with paragraph (7). ‘‘(C) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR SERVICES UNDER  
THE PREVENTION PLAN COMPONENT .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in subclause (ii), a State may not receive a Fed-eral payment under this part for a given promising, supported, or well-supported practice unless (in accordance with subpara-graph (B)(iii)(V)) the plan includes a well-de-signed and rigorous evaluation strategy for that practice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7046 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(ii) W AIVER OF LIMITATION .—The Sec-retary may waive the requirement for a well- designed and rigorous evaluation of any well- supported practice if the Secretary deems the evidence of the effectiveness of the prac-tice to be compelling and the State meets the continuous quality improvement require-ments included in subparagraph (B)(iii)(II) with regard to the practice. ‘‘(6) P
REVENTION SERVICES MEASURES .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT ; ANNUAL UPDATES .— Beginning with fiscal year 2021, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall establish the following prevention services measures based on information and data reported by States that elect to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1): ‘‘(i) P
ERCENTAGE OF CANDIDATES FOR FOS -
TER CARE WHO DO NOT ENTER FOSTER CARE .— The percentage of candidates for foster care for whom, or on whose behalf, the services or programs are provided who do not enter fos-ter care, including those placed with a kin caregiver outside of foster care, during the 12-month period in which the services or pro-grams are provided and through the end of the succeeding 12-month-period. ‘‘(ii) P
ER-CHILD SPENDING .—The total amount of expenditures made for mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services or in-home parent skill- based programs, respectively, for, or on be-half of, each child described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) D
ATA.—The Secretary shall establish and annually update the prevention services measures— ‘‘(i) based on the median State values of the information reported under each clause of subparagraph (A) for the 3 then most re-cent years; and ‘‘(ii) taking into account State differences in the price levels of consumption goods and services using the most recent regional price parities published by the Bureau of Eco-nomic Analysis of the Department of Com-merce or such other data as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION OF STATE PREVENTION  
SERVICES MEASURES .—The Secretary shall annually make available to the public the prevention services measures of each State. ‘‘(7) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT FOR STATE  
FOSTER CARE PREVENTION EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a State elects to pro-vide services and programs specified in para-graph (1) for a fiscal year, the State foster care prevention expenditures for the fiscal year shall not be less than the amount of the expenditures for fiscal year 2014 (or, at the option of a State described in subparagraph (E), fiscal year 2015 or fiscal year 2016 (which-ever the State elects)). ‘‘(B) S
TATE FOSTER CARE PREVENTION EX -
PENDITURES .—The term ‘State foster care prevention expenditures’ means the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) TANF; 
IV–B; SSBG.—State expenditures for foster care prevention services and ac-tivities under the State program funded under part A (including from amounts made available by the Federal Government), under the State plan developed under part B (in-cluding any such amounts), or under the So-cial Services Block Grant Programs under subtitle A of title XX (including any such amounts). ‘‘(ii) O
THER STATE PROGRAMS .—State ex-penditures for foster care prevention services and activities under any State program that is not described in clause (i) (other than any State expenditures for foster care prevention services and activities under the State pro-gram under this part (including under a waiver of the program)). ‘‘(C) S
TATE EXPENDITURES .—The term ‘State expenditures’ means all State or local funds that are expended by the State or a local agency including State or local funds that are matched or reimbursed by the Fed-eral Government and State or local funds that are not matched or reimbursed by the Federal Government. ‘‘(D) DETERMINATION OF PREVENTION SERV -
ICES AND ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall re-quire each State that elects to provide serv-ices and programs specified in paragraph (1) to report the expenditures specified in sub-paragraph (B) for fiscal year 2014 and for such fiscal years thereafter as are necessary to determine whether the State is complying with the maintenance of effort requirement in subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall specify the specific services and activities under each program referred to in subpara-graph (B) that are ‘prevention services and activities’ for purposes of the reports. ‘‘(E) S
TATE DESCRIBED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), a State is described in this subparagraph if the population of children in the State in 2014 was less than 200,000 (as de-termined by the Bureau of the Census). ‘‘(8) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST USE OF STATE FOS -
TER CARE PREVENTION EXPENDITURES AND FED -
ERAL IV –E PREVENTION FUNDS FOR MATCHING  
OR EXPENDITURE REQUIREMENT .—A State that elects to provide services and programs spec-ified in paragraph (1) shall not use any State foster care prevention expenditures for a fis-cal year for the State share of expenditures under section 474(a)(6) for a fiscal year. ‘‘(9) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Expenditures described in section 474(a)(6)(B)— ‘‘(A) shall not be eligible for payment under subparagraph (A), (B), or (E) of section 474(a)(3); and ‘‘(B) shall be eligible for payment under section 474(a)(6)(B) without regard to wheth-er the expenditures are incurred on behalf of a child who is, or is potentially, eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this part. ‘‘(10) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The provision of serv-ices or programs under this subsection to or on behalf of a child described in paragraph (2) shall not be considered to be receipt of aid or assistance under the State plan under this part for purposes of eligibility for any other program established under this Act. ‘‘(B) C
ANDIDATES IN KINSHIP CARE .—A child described in paragraph (2) for whom such services or programs under this subsection are provided for more than 6 months while in the home of a kin caregiver, and who would satisfy the AFDC eligibility requirement of section 472(a)(3)(A)(ii)(II) but for residing in the home of the caregiver for more than 6 months, is deemed to satisfy that require-ment for purposes of determining whether the child is eligible for foster care mainte-nance payments under section 472.’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—Section 475 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 675) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) The term ‘child who is a candidate for foster care’ means, a child who is identified in a prevention plan under section 471(e)(4)(A) as being at imminent risk of en-tering foster care (without regard to whether the child would be eligible for foster care maintenance payments under section 472 or is or would be eligible for adoption assist-ance or kinship guardianship assistance pay-ments under section 473) but who can remain safely in the child’s home or in a kinship placement as long as services or programs specified in section 471(e)(1) that are nec-essary to prevent the entry of the child into foster care are provided. The term includes a child whose adoption or guardianship ar-rangement is at risk of a disruption or dis-solution that would result in a foster care placement.’’. (c) P
AYMENTS UNDER TITLE IV–E.—Section 474(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; plus’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) subject to section 471(e)— ‘‘(A) for each quarter— ‘‘(i) subject to clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) beginning after September 30, 2019, and before October 1, 2025, an amount equal to 50 percent of the total amount expended during the quarter for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with promising, supported, or well-supported practices that meet the appli-cable criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C); and ‘‘(II) beginning after September 30, 2025, an amount equal to the Federal medical assist-ance percentage (which shall be as defined in section 1905(b), in the case of a State other than the District of Columbia, or 70 percent, in the case of the District of Columbia) of the total amount expended during the quar-ter for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of sec-tion 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with promising, supported, or well-supported practices that meet the applicable criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C) (or, with respect to the payments made during the quarter under a cooperative agreement or contract entered into by the State and an Indian tribe, tribal organiza-tion, or tribal consortium for the adminis-tration or payment of funds under this part, an amount equal to the Federal medical as-sistance percentage that would apply under section 479B(d) (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘tribal FMAP’) if the Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium made the payments under a program oper-ated under that section, unless the tribal FMAP is less than the Federal medical as-sistance percentage that applies to the State); except that ‘‘(ii) not less than 50 percent of the total amount payable to a State under clause (i) for a fiscal year shall be for the provision of services or programs specified in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with well-supported practices; plus ‘‘(B) for each quarter specified in subpara-graph (A), an amount equal to the sum of the following proportions of the total amount expended during the quarter: ‘‘(i) 50 percent of so much of the expendi-tures as are found necessary by the Sec-retary for the proper and efficient adminis-tration of the State plan for the provision of services or programs specified in section 471(e)(1), including expenditures for activi-ties approved by the Secretary that promote the development of necessary processes and procedures to establish and implement the provision of the services and programs for in-dividuals who are eligible for the services and programs and expenditures attributable to data collection and reporting; and ‘‘(ii) 50 percent of so much of the expendi-tures with respect to the provision of serv-ices and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) as are for training of personnel em-ployed or preparing for employment by the State agency or by the local agency admin-istering the plan in the political subdivision and of the members of the staff of State-li-censed or State-approved child welfare agen-cies providing services to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers, including on how to determine who are individuals eligible for the services or programs, how to identify and provide ap-propriate services and programs, and how to oversee and evaluate the ongoing appro-priateness of the services and programs.’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BESTPRAC-
TICES , CLEARINGHOUSE , ANDDATACOLLECTION  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7047 December 9, 2016 
AND EVALUATIONS .—Section 476 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 676) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BEST P
RACTICES , CLEARINGHOUSE , D ATA COLLEC -
TION, ANDEVALUATIONS RELATING TO PREVEN -
TION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BEST PRAC -
TICES .—The Secretary shall provide to States and, as applicable, to Indian tribes, tribal or-ganizations, and tribal consortia, technical assistance regarding the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) and shall disseminate best practices with re-spect to the provision of the services and programs, including how to plan and imple-ment a well-designed and rigorous evalua-tion of a promising, supported, or well-sup-ported practice. ‘‘(2) C
LEARINGHOUSE OF PROMISING , SUP-
PORTED , AND WELL -SUPPORTED PRACTICES .— The Secretary shall, directly or through grants, contracts, or interagency agree-ments, evaluate research on the practices specified in clauses (iii), (iv), and (v), respec-tively, of section 471(e)(4)(C), and programs that meet the requirements described in sec-tion 427(a)(1), including culturally specific, or location- or population-based adaptations of the practices, to identify and establish a public clearinghouse of the practices that satisfy each category described by such clauses. In addition, the clearinghouse shall include information on the specific outcomes associated with each practice, including whether the practice has been shown to pre-vent child abuse and neglect and reduce the likelihood of foster care placement by sup-porting birth families and kinship families and improving targeted supports for preg-nant and parenting youth and their children. ‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION AND EVALUATIONS .— The Secretary, directly or through grants, contracts, or interagency agreements, may collect data and conduct evaluations with re-spect to the provision of services and pro-grams described in section 471(e)(1) for pur-poses of assessing the extent to which the provision of the services and programs— ‘‘(A) reduces the likelihood of foster care placement; ‘‘(B) increases use of kinship care arrange-ments; or ‘‘(C) improves child well-being. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives periodic re-ports based on the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) and the activities carried out under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make the reports to Congress sub-mitted under this paragraph publicly avail-able. ‘‘(5) A
PPROPRIATION .—Out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not other-wise appropriated, there is appropriated to the Secretary $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter to carry out this subsection.’’. (e) A
PPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  I
NDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 479B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(i)— (I) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (II) in subclause (III), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) at the option of the tribe, organiza-tion, or consortium, services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) to children de-scribed in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers, in accordance with section 471(e) and subparagraph (E).’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) PREVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS  
FOR CHILDREN AND THEIR PARENTS AND KIN  
CAREGIVERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a tribe, or-ganization, or consortium that elects to pro-vide services and programs specified in sec-tion 471(e)(1) to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers under the plan, the Secretary shall specify the requirements applicable to the provision of the services and programs. The require-ments shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, be consistent with the requirements applicable to States under section 471(e) and shall permit the provision of the services and programs in the form of services and pro-grams that are adapted to the culture and context of the tribal communities served. ‘‘(ii) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Sec- retary shall establish specific performance measures for each tribe, organization, or consortium that elects to provide services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1). The performance measures shall, to the greatest extent practicable, be consistent with the prevention services measures re-quired for States under section 471(e)(6) but shall allow for consideration of factors unique to the provision of the services by tribes, organizations, or consortia.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), and (6)(A)’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading for subsection (d) of section 479B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c) is amended by striking ‘‘
FOR F
OSTER CARE MAINTENANCE AND ADOPTION  A
SSISTANCE PAYMENTS ’’. (f) A
PPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  T
ERRITORIES .—Section 1108(a)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘or 413(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘413(f), or 474(a)(6)’’. 
SEC. 112. FOSTER CARE MAINTENANCE PAY-MENTS FOR CHILDREN WITH PAR-ENTS IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY-BASED TREATMENT FACIL-ITY FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘or’’ and inserting ‘‘, with a parent residing in a licensed residential family-based treatment facility, but only to the extent permitted under subsection (j), or in a’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
HILDREN PLACED WITH A PARENT RE-
SIDING IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY - B
ASED TREATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE  A
BUSE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the pre-ceding provisions of this section, a child who is eligible for foster care maintenance pay-ments under this section, or who would be el-igible for the payments if the eligibility were determined without regard to paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a), shall be eligi-ble for the payments for a period of not more than 12 months during which the child is placed with a parent who is in a licensed res-idential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse, but only if— ‘‘(A) the recommendation for the place-ment is specified in the child’s case plan be-fore the placement; ‘‘(B) the treatment facility provides, as part of the treatment for substance abuse, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling; and ‘‘(C) the substance abuse treatment, par-enting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling is provided under an organizational structure and treat-ment framework that involves under-standing, recognizing, and responding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accord-ance with recognized principles of a trauma- informed approach and trauma-specific interventions to address the consequences of trauma and facilitate healing. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION .—With respect to chil-dren for whom foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under paragraph (1), only the children who satisfy the requirements of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a) shall be considered to be children with re-spect to whom foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under this section for pur-poses of subsection (h) or section 473(b)(3)(B).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘subject to section 472(j),’’ before ‘‘an amount equal to the Fed-eral’’ the first place it appears. 
SEC. 113. TITLE IV–E PAYMENTS FOR EVIDENCE- BASED KINSHIP NAVIGATOR PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 474(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)), as amended by section 111(c), is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; plus’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) an amount equal to 50 percent of the amounts expended by the State during the quarter as the Secretary determines are for kinship navigator programs that meet the requirements described in section 427(a)(1) and that the Secretary determines are oper-ated in accordance with promising, sup-ported, or well-supported practices that meet the applicable criteria specified for the prac-tices in section 471(e)(4)(C), without regard to whether the expenditures are incurred on behalf of children who are, or are poten-tially, eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this part.’’. Subtitle B—Enhanced Support Under Title IV–B 
SEC. 121. ELIMINATION OF TIME LIMIT FOR FAM-ILY REUNIFICATION SERVICES WHILE IN FOSTER CARE AND PER-MITTING TIME-LIMITED FAMILY RE-UNIFICATION SERVICES WHEN A CHILD RETURNS HOME FROM FOS-TER CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 431(a)(7) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629a(a)(7)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘T
IME-LIMITED FAMILY ’’ and inserting ‘‘F AM-
ILY’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘time-limited family’’ and inserting ‘‘family’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘or a child who has been returned home’’ after ‘‘child care institu-tion’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, but only during the 15- month period that begins on the date that the child, pursuant to section 475(5)(F), is considered to have entered foster care’’ and inserting ‘‘and to ensure the strength and stability of the reunification. In the case of a child who has been returned home, the services and activities shall only be provided during the 15-month period that begins on the date that the child returns home’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 430 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘time-limited’’. (2) Subsections (a)(4), (a)(5)(A), and (b)(1) of section 432 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629b) are amended by striking ‘‘time-limited’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 122. REDUCING BUREAUCRACY AND UNNEC-ESSARY DELAYS WHEN PLACING CHILDREN IN HOMES ACROSS STATE LINES. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(25)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7048 December 9, 2016 
(1) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and insert ‘‘pro-vides’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, which, not later than Oc-tober 1, 2026, shall include the use of an elec-tronic interstate case-processing system’’ before the first semicolon. (b) G
RANTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  E
LECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE-PROCESSING  S
YSTEM TOEXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACE -
MENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR  G
UARDIANSHIP , OR FOR ADOPTION .—Section 437 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) G
RANTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  E
LECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE-PROCESSING  S
YSTEM TOEXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACE -
MENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR  G
UARDIANSHIP , OR FOR ADOPTION .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this sub-section is to facilitate the development of an electronic interstate case-processing system for the exchange of data and documents to expedite the placements of children in foster, guardianship, or adoptive homes across State lines. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—A State that desires a grant under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an application containing the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the goals and out-comes to be achieved during the period for which grant funds are sought, which goals and outcomes must result in— ‘‘(i) reducing the time it takes for a child to be provided with a safe and appropriate permanent living arrangement across State lines; ‘‘(ii) improving administrative processes and reducing costs in the foster care system; and ‘‘(iii) the secure exchange of relevant case files and other necessary materials in real time, and timely communications and place-ment decisions regarding interstate place-ments of children. ‘‘(B) A description of the activities to be funded in whole or in part with the grant funds, including the sequencing of the activi-ties. ‘‘(C) A description of the strategies for in-tegrating programs and services for children who are placed across State lines. ‘‘(D) Such other information as the Sec-retary may require. ‘‘(3) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may make a grant to a State that complies with paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A State to which a grant is made under this subsection shall use the grant to support the State in connecting with the electronic interstate case-proc-essing system described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) E
VALUATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the final year in which grants are awarded under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress, and make available to the general public by posting on a website, a report that contains the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) How using the electronic interstate case-processing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) has changed the time it takes for children to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(B) The number of cases subject to the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children that were processed through the electronic interstate case-processing system, and the number of interstate child place-ment cases that were processed outside the electronic interstate case-processing system, by each State in each year. ‘‘(C) The progress made by States in imple-menting the electronic interstate case-proc-essing system. ‘‘(D) How using the electronic interstate case-processing system has affected various metrics related to child safety and well- being, including the time it takes for chil-dren to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(E) How using the electronic interstate case-processing system has affected adminis-trative costs and caseworker time spent on placing children across State lines. ‘‘(6) DATA INTEGRATION .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretariat for the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children and the States, shall assess how the electronic interstate case-processing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) could be used to better serve and protect children that come to the attention of the child wel-fare system, by— ‘‘(A) connecting the system with other data systems (such as systems operated by State law enforcement and judicial agencies, systems operated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the purposes of the Inno-cence Lost National Initiative, and other systems); ‘‘(B) simplifying and improving reporting related to paragraphs (34) and (35) of section 471(a) regarding children or youth who have been identified as being a sex trafficking vic-tim or children missing from foster care; and ‘‘(C) improving the ability of States to quickly comply with background check re-quirements of section 471(a)(20), including checks of child abuse and neglect registries as required by section 471(a)(20)(B).’’. (c) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS TOIMPROVE THE  I
NTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN .—Sec- tion 437(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) I
MPROVING THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OF CHILDREN .—The Secretary shall reserve $5,000,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2017 for grants under subsection (g), and the amount so reserved shall remain available through fiscal year 2021.’’. 
SEC. 123. ENHANCEMENTS TO GRANTS TO IM-PROVE WELL-BEING OF FAMILIES AFFECTED BY SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
Section 437(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
NCREASE THE WELL-BEING OF , AND TOIM-
PROVE THE PERMANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHIL-
DREN AFFECTED BY ’’ and inserting ‘‘I MPLE -
MENT IV–E P REVENTION SERVICES , AND IM-
PROVE THE WELL-BEING OF , ANDIMPROVE PER-
MANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHILDREN AND FAMI-
LIES AFFECTED BY HEROIN , O PIOIDS , AND O
THER ’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EGIONAL PARTNERSHIP DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘regional partner-ship’ means a collaborative agreement (which may be established on an interstate, State, or intrastate basis) entered into by the following: ‘‘(A) M
ANDATORY PARTNERS FOR ALL PART -
NERSHIP GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) The State child welfare agency that is responsible for the administration of the State plan under this part and part E. ‘‘(ii) The State agency responsible for ad-ministering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant provided under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(B) M
ANDATORY PARTNERS FOR PARTNER -
SHIP GRANTS PROPOSING TO SERVE CHILDREN IN  
OUT-OF-HOME PLACEMENTS .—If the partner-ship proposes to serve children in out-of- home placements, the Juvenile Court or Ad-ministrative Office of the Court that is most appropriate to oversee the administration of court programs in the region to address the population of families who come to the at-tention of the court due to child abuse or ne-glect. ‘‘(C) O
PTIONAL PARTNERS .—At the option of the partnership, any of the following: ‘‘(i) An Indian tribe or tribal consortium. ‘‘(ii) Nonprofit child welfare service pro-viders. ‘‘(iii) For-profit child welfare service pro-viders. ‘‘(iv) Community health service providers, including substance abuse treatment pro-viders. ‘‘(v) Community mental health providers. ‘‘(vi) Local law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(vii) School personnel. ‘‘(viii) Tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortia of the agencies). ‘‘(ix) Any other providers, agencies, per-sonnel, officials, or entities that are related to the provision of child and family services under a State plan approved under this sub-part. ‘‘(D) EXCEPTION FOR REGIONAL PARTNER -
SHIPS WHERE THE LEAD APPLICANT IS AN IN -
DIAN TRIBE OR TRIBAL CONSORTIA .—If an In- dian tribe or tribal consortium enters into a regional partnership for purposes of this sub-section, the Indian tribe or tribal consor-tium— ‘‘(i) may (but is not required to) include the State child welfare agency as a partner in the collaborative agreement; ‘‘(ii) may not enter into a collaborative agreement only with tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortium of the agencies); and ‘‘(iii) if the condition described in para-graph (2)(B) applies, may include tribal court organizations in lieu of other judicial part-ners.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by insert-ing ‘‘; 
PLANNING ’’ after ‘‘ APPROVAL ’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) S
UFFICIENT PLANNING .—A grant awarded under this subsection shall be dis-bursed in two phases: a planning phase (not to exceed 2 years); and an implementation phase. The total disbursement to a grantee for the planning phase may not exceed $250,000, and may not exceed the total antici-pated funding for the implementation phase.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR A FISCAL  
YEAR .—No payment shall be made under sub-paragraph (A) or (C) for a fiscal year until the Secretary determines that the eligible partnership has made sufficient progress in meeting the goals of the grant and that the members of the eligible partnership are co-ordinating to a reasonable degree with the other members of the eligible partnership.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, parents, and families’’ after ‘‘children’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘safety and permanence for such children; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘safe, permanent caregiving rela-tionships for the children;’’; (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ and in-serting ‘‘increase reunification rates for chil-dren who have been placed in out of home care, or decrease’’; and (iv) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (v) and inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) improve the substance abuse treat-ment outcomes for parents including reten-tion in treatment and successful completion of treatment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7049 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(iv) facilitate the implementation, deliv-ery, and effectiveness of prevention services and programs under section 471(e); and’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘where appropriate,’’; and (C) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) A description of a plan for sustaining the services provided by or activities funded under the grant after the conclusion of the grant period, including through the use of prevention services and programs under sec-tion 471(e) and other funds provided to the State for child welfare and substance abuse prevention and treatment services. ‘‘(F) Additional information needed by the Secretary to determine that the proposed ac-tivities and implementation will be con-sistent with research or evaluations showing which practices and approaches are most ef-fective.’’; (5) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘abuse treatment’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder treatment including medication assisted treatment and in-home substance abuse dis-order treatment and recovery’’; (6) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (C); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) and inserting after sub-paragraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) demonstrate a track record of suc-cessful collaboration among child welfare, substance abuse disorder treatment and mental health agencies; and’’; (7) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘establish indicators that will be’’ and inserting ‘‘review indicators that are’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in using funds made avail-able under such grants to achieve the pur-pose of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘and establish a set of core indicators related to child safety, parental recovery, parenting ca-pacity, and family well-being. In developing the core indicators, to the extent possible, indicators shall be made consistent with the outcome measures described in section 471(e)(6)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘base the performance measures on lessons learned from prior rounds of regional partnership grants under this subsection, and’’ before ‘‘consult’’; and (ii) by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(iii) Other stakeholders or constituencies as determined by the Secretary.’’; (8) in paragraph (9)(A), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than September 30 of each fiscal year in which a recipient of a grant under this subsection is paid funds under the grant, and every 6 months thereafter, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report on the serv-ices provided and activities carried out dur-ing the reporting period, progress made in achieving the goals of the program, the num-ber of children, adults, and families receiv-ing services, and such additional information as the Secretary determines is necessary. The report due not later than September 30 of the last such fiscal year shall include, at a minimum, data on each of the performance indicators included in the evaluation of the regional partnership.’’; and (9) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous SEC. 131. REVIEWING AND IMPROVING LICENS-ING STANDARDS FOR PLACEMENT IN A RELATIVE FOSTER FAMILY HOME. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF REPUTABLE MODEL  L
ICENSING STANDARDS .—Not later than Octo-ber 1, 2017, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall identify reputable model licensing standards with respect to the licensing of foster family homes (as de-fined in section 472(c)(1) of the Social Secu-rity Act). (b) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (34)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (35)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36) provides that, not later than April 1, 2018, the State shall submit to the Secretary information addressing— ‘‘(A) whether the State licensing standards are in accord with model standards identi-fied by the Secretary, and if not, the reason for the specific deviation and a description as to why having a standard that is reason-ably in accord with the corresponding na-tional model standards is not appropriate for the State; ‘‘(B) whether the State has elected to waive standards established in 471(a)(10)(A) for relative foster family homes (pursuant to waiver authority provided by 471(a)(10)(D)), a description of which standards the State most commonly waives, and if the State has not elected to waive the standards, the rea-son for not waiving these standards; ‘‘(C) if the State has elected to waive standards specified in subparagraph (B), how caseworkers are trained to use the waiver authority and whether the State has devel-oped a process or provided tools to assist caseworkers in waiving nonsafety standards per the authority provided in 471(a)(10)(D) to quickly place children with relatives; and ‘‘(D) a description of the steps the State is taking to improve caseworker training or the process, if any; and’’. 
SEC. 132. DEVELOPMENT OF A STATEWIDE PLAN TO PREVENT CHILD ABUSE AND NE-GLECT FATALITIES. 
Section 422(b)(19) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(19)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(19) document steps taken to track and prevent child maltreatment deaths by in-cluding— ‘‘(A) a description of the steps the State is taking to compile complete and accurate in-formation on the deaths required by Federal law to be reported by the State agency re-ferred to in paragraph (1), including gath-ering relevant information on the deaths from the relevant organizations in the State including entities such as State vital statis-tics department, child death review teams, law enforcement agencies, offices of medical examiners or coroners; and ‘‘(B) a description of the steps the state is taking to develop and implement of a com-prehensive, statewide plan to prevent the fa-talities that involves and engages relevant public and private agency partners, includ-ing those in public health, law enforcement, and the courts.’’. 
SEC. 133. MODERNIZING THE TITLE AND PUR-POSE OF TITLE IV–E. 
(a) P ARTHEADING .—The heading for part E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 670 et seq.) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘PART E—FEDERAL PAYMENTS FOR FOS-TER CARE, PREVENTION, AND PERMA-NENCY’’. (b) PURPOSE .—The first sentence of section 470 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 670) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1995) and’’ and inserting ‘‘1995),’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘kinship guardianship as-sistance, and prevention services or pro-grams specified in section 471(e)(1),’’ after ‘‘needs,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘(commencing with the fis-cal year which begins October 1, 1980)’’. 
SEC. 134. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), subject to subsection (b), the amendments made by this title shall take ef-fect on January 1, 2017. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The amendments made by sections 131 and 133 shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) T
RANSITION RULE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Se-curity Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legislation (other than legislation ap-propriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this title, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of such part solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet such additional requirements before the first day of the first calendar quarter be-ginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. (2) A
PPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  
INDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—In the case of an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires time to take action necessary to comply with the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this title (whether the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium has a plan under section 479B of the Social Security Act or a cooperative agreement or contract entered into with a State), the Sec-retary shall provide the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium with such additional time as the Secretary determines is nec-essary for the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium to take the action to comply with the additional requirements before being regarded as failing to comply with the requirements. TITLE II—ENSURING THE NECESSITY OF A PLACEMENT THAT IS NOT IN A FOSTER FAMILY HOME 
SEC. 201. LIMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION FOR PLACEMENTS THAT ARE NOT IN FOSTER FAMILY HOMES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PAR-
TICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672), as amended by section 112, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘, but only to the extent permitted under sub-section (k)’’ after ‘‘institution’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) L
IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL  P
ARTICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with the third week for which foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under this section on behalf of a child placed in a child-care institution, no Federal payment shall be made to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7050 December 9, 2016 
State under section 474(a)(1) for amounts ex-pended for foster care maintenance pay-ments on behalf of the child unless— ‘‘(A) the child is placed in a child-care in-stitution that is a setting specified in para-graph (2) (or is placed in a licensed residen-tial family-based treatment facility con-sistent with subsection (j)); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a child placed in a quali-fied residential treatment program (as de-fined in paragraph (4)), the requirements specified in paragraph (3) and section 475A(c) are met. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SETTINGS FOR PLACEMENT .— The settings for placement specified in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) A qualified residential treatment pro-gram (as defined in paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) A setting specializing in providing prenatal, post-partum, or parenting supports for youth. ‘‘(C) In the case of a child who has attained 18 years of age, a supervised setting in which the child is living independently. ‘‘(D) A setting providing high-quality resi-dential care and supportive services to chil-dren and youth who have been found to be, or are at risk of becoming, sex trafficking vic-tims, in accordance with section 471(a)(9)(C). ‘‘(3) A
SSESSMENT TO DETERMINE APPRO -
PRIATENESS OF PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED  
RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) D
EADLINE FOR ASSESSMENT .—In the case of a child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program, if the assess-ment required under section 475A(c)(1) is not completed within 30 days after the place-ment is made, no Federal payment shall be made to the State under section 474(a)(1) for any amounts expended for foster care main-tenance payments on behalf of the child dur-ing the placement. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE FOR TRANSITION OUT OF  
PLACEMENT .—If the assessment required under section 475A(c)(1) determines that the placement of a child in a qualified residen-tial treatment program is not appropriate, a court disapproves such a placement under section 475A(c)(2), or a child who has been in an approved placement in a qualified resi-dential treatment program is going to return home or be placed with a fit and willing rel-ative, a legal guardian, or an adoptive par-ent, or in a foster family home, Federal pay-ments shall be made to the State under sec-tion 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of the child while the child remains in the qualified residential treatment program only during the period necessary for the child to transi-tion home or to such a placement. In no event shall a State receive Federal payments under section 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on be-half of a child who remains placed in a quali-fied residential treatment program after the end of the 30-day period that begins on the date a determination is made that the place-ment is no longer the recommended or ap-proved placement for the child. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT  
PROGRAM .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘qualified residential treatment pro-gram’ means a program that— ‘‘(A) has a trauma-informed treatment model that is designed to address the needs, including clinical needs as appropriate, of children with serious emotional or behav-ioral disorders or disturbances and, with re-spect to a child, is able to implement the treatment identified for the child by the as-sessment of the child required under section 475A(c); ‘‘(B) subject to paragraphs (5) and (6), has registered or licensed nursing staff and other licensed clinical staff who— ‘‘(i) provide care within the scope of their practice as defined by State law; ‘‘(ii) are on-site during business hours; and ‘‘(iii) are available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week; ‘‘(C) to extent appropriate, and in accord-ance with the child’s best interests, facili-tates participation of family members in the child’s treatment program; ‘‘(D) facilitates outreach to the family members of the child, including siblings, documents how the outreach is made (includ-ing contact information), and maintains con-tact information for any known biological family and fictive kin of the child; ‘‘(E) documents how family members are integrated into the treatment process for the child, including post-discharge, and how sib-ling connections are maintained; ‘‘(F) provides discharge planning and fam-ily-based aftercare support for at least 6 months post-discharge; and ‘‘(G) is licensed in accordance with section 471(a)(10) and is accredited by any of the fol-lowing independent, not-for-profit organiza-tions: ‘‘(i) The Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF). ‘‘(ii) The Joint Commission on Accredita-tion of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO). ‘‘(iii) The Council on Accreditation (COA). ‘‘(iv) Any other independent, not-for-profit accrediting organization approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) FLEXIBILITY IN STAFFING REQUIREMENTS  
FOR QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT PRO -
GRAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any State that the Secretary determines is described in subparagraph (B) and satisfies the require-ments of subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively, the State may elect to satisfy the re-quirement of paragraph (4)(B) that a quali-fied residential treatment program have reg-istered or licensed nursing staff and other li-censed clinical staff with clinical staff which include staff licensed to monitor medica-tions and physical and behavioral health and that have demonstrated training in child de-velopment and trauma, in lieu of with reg-istered or licensed nursing staff and other li-censed clinical staff. ‘‘(B) S
TATE DESCRIBED .—Subject to sub-paragraph (E), a State is described in this subparagraph if for the most recent fiscal year for which data are available— ‘‘(i) the percentage of children on whose behalf foster care maintenance payments are being made under this part who have been placed in congregate care settings— ‘‘(I) is at or below 7.5 percent for the fiscal year; or ‘‘(II) has been reduced by at least 20 per-cent from the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the average length of stay for children in foster care under the responsibility of the State in congregate care settings is at or below 12 months. ‘‘(C) D
EMONSTRATION OF CAPACITY AND  
NEED .—A State described in subparagraph (B) shall be eligible to use the alternative staff-ing model permitted under subparagraph (A) if the State can demonstrate to the satisfac-tion of the Secretary that the qualified resi-dential treatment programs utilizing the al-ternative staffing models permitted under subparagraph (A) have the capacity to serve children and youth whose treatment plans— ‘‘(i) indicate a need for increased super-vision based on behavioral history, history of juvenile delinquency, or history of sexual of-fenses; and ‘‘(ii) require a placement that conforms to the alternative staffing model permitted under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) A
NNUAL DETERMINATION OF STATE ELI -
GIBILITY BASED ON AFCARS AND OTHER DATA .— The Secretary annually shall make the de-terminations required under subparagraph (B) with respect to a State and a fiscal year, on the basis of data meeting the require-ments of the system established pursuant to section 479, as reported by the State and ap-proved by the Secretary, and, to the extent the Secretary determines necessary, on the basis of such other information reported to the Secretary as the Secretary may require to determine that a State is, or continues to be, a State described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(E) CONGREGATE CARE SETTINGS .—In this paragraph, the term ‘congregate care set-tings’ includes any settings described as ‘group homes’ or ‘institutions’ for purposes of data reported in accordance with the re-quirements of the system established pursu-ant to section 479 or any similar placement settings reported in accordance with such re-quirements. ‘‘(6) A
UTHORITY FOR FRONTIER STATES TO  
WAIVE OR MODIFY CERTAIN STAFFING REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREAT -
MENT PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A frontier State may waive or modify the requirements of clause (ii) or (iii) of paragraph (4)(B) (or both) with respect to any qualified residential treat-ment program located in the frontier State. ‘‘(B) F
RONTIER STATE DEFINED .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) F
RONTIER STATE .—The term ‘frontier State’ means a State in which at least 50 percent of the counties in the State are fron-tier counties. ‘‘(ii) F
RONTIER COUNTY .—The term ‘frontier county’ means a county in which the popu-lation per square mile is 6 or less. ‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The prohibi-tion in paragraph (1) on Federal payments under section 474(a)(1) shall not be construed as prohibiting Federal payments for admin-istrative expenditures incurred on behalf of a child placed in a child-care institution and for which payment is available under section 474(a)(3). ‘‘(8) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The require-ments in paragraph (4)(B) shall not be con-strued as requiring a qualified residential treatment program to acquire nursing and behavioral health staff solely through means of a direct employer to employee relation-ship.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)), as amended by section 112(b), is amended by striking ‘‘section 472(j)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsections (j) and (k) of section 472’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF FOSTER FAMILY HOME, C
HILD-CARE INSTITUTION .—Section 472(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 672(c)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) F
OSTER FAMILY HOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foster family home’ means the home of an individual or family— ‘‘(i) that is licensed or approved by the State in which it is situated as a foster fam-ily home that meets the standards estab-lished for the licensing or approval; and ‘‘(ii) in which a child in foster care has been placed in the care of an individual, who resides with the child and who has been li-censed or approved by the State to be a fos-ter parent— ‘‘(I) that the State deems capable of adher-ing to the reasonable and prudent parent standard; ‘‘(II) that provides 24-hour substitute care for children placed away from their parents or other caretakers; and ‘‘(III) that provides the care for not more than six children in foster care. ‘‘(B) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY .—The number of foster children that may be cared for in a home under subparagraph (A) may exceed the numerical limitation in subparagraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7051 December 9, 2016 
(A)(ii)(III), at the option of the State, for any of the following reasons: ‘‘(i) To allow a parenting youth in foster care to remain with the child of the par-enting youth. ‘‘(ii) To allow siblings to remain together. ‘‘(iii) To allow a child with an established meaningful relationship with the family to remain with the family. ‘‘(iv) To allow a family with special train-ing or skills to provide care to a child who has a severe disability. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not be construed as prohib-iting a foster parent from renting the home in which the parent cares for a foster child placed in the parent’s care. ‘‘(2) C
HILD-CARE INSTITUTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘child-care in-stitution’ means a private child-care institu-tion, or a public child-care institution which accommodates no more than 25 children, which is licensed by the State in which it is situated or has been approved by the agency of the State responsible for licensing or ap-proval of institutions of this type as meeting the standards established for the licensing. ‘‘(B) S
UPERVISED SETTINGS .—In the case of a child who has attained 18 years of age, the term shall include a supervised setting in which the individual is living independently, in accordance with such conditions as the Secretary shall establish in regulations. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term shall not in-clude detention facilities, forestry camps, training schools, or any other facility oper-ated primarily for the detention of children who are determined to be delinquent.’’. (c) T
RAINING FOR STATE JUDGES , ATTOR -
NEYS , ANDOTHER LEGAL PERSONNEL IN CHILD W
ELFARE CASES.—Section 438(b)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(b)(1)) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by insert-ing ‘‘shall provide for the training of judges, attorneys, and other legal personnel in child welfare cases on Federal child welfare poli-cies and payment limitations with respect to children in foster care who are placed in set-tings that are not a foster family home,’’ after ‘‘with respect to the child,’’. (d) A
SSURANCE OF NONIMPACT ON JUVENILE  J
USTICE SYSTEM .— (1) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)), as amended by section 131, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(37) includes a certification that, in re-sponse to the limitation imposed under sec-tion 472(k) with respect to foster care main-tenance payments made on behalf of any child who is placed in a setting that is not a foster family home, the State will not enact or advance policies or practices that would result in a significant increase in the popu-lation of youth in the State’s juvenile justice system.’’. (2) GAO 
STUDY AND REPORT .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall evaluate the impact, if any, on State juve-nile justice systems of the limitation im-posed under section 472(k) of the Social Se-curity Act (as added by section 201(a)(1)) on foster care maintenance payments made on behalf of any child who is placed in a setting that is not a foster family home, in accord-ance with the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) of this section. In par-ticular, the Comptroller General shall evalu-ate the extent to which children in foster care who also are subject to the juvenile jus-tice system of the State are placed in a facil-ity under the jurisdiction of the juvenile jus-tice system and whether the lack of avail-able congregate care placements under the jurisdiction of the child welfare systems is a contributing factor to that result. Not later than December 31, 2023, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the evaluation. SEC. 202. ASSESSMENT AND DOCUMENTATION OF THE NEED FOR PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREAT-MENT PROGRAM. 
Section 475A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
SSESSMENT , DOCUMENTATION , ANDJU-
DICIAL DETERMINATION REQUIREMENTS FOR  P
LACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL  T
REATMENT PROGRAM .—In the case of any child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program (as defined in section 472(k)(4)), the following requirements shall apply for purposes of approving the case plan for the child and the case system review pro-cedure for the child: ‘‘(1)(A) Within 30 days of the start of each placement in such a setting, a qualified indi-vidual (as defined in subparagraph (D)) shall— ‘‘(i) assess the strengths and needs of the child using an age-appropriate, evidence- based, validated, functional assessment tool approved by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) determine whether the needs of the child can be met with family members or through placement in a foster family home or, if not, which setting from among the set-tings specified in section 472(k)(2) would pro-vide the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment and be consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; and ‘‘(iii) develop a list of child-specific short- and long-term mental and behavioral health goals. ‘‘(B)(i) The State shall assemble a family and permanency team for the child in ac-cordance with the requirements of clauses (ii) and (iii). The qualified individual con-ducting the assessment required under sub-paragraph (A) shall work in conjunction with the family of, and permanency team for, the child while conducting and making the as-sessment. ‘‘(ii) The family and permanency team shall consist of all appropriate biological family members, relative, and fictive kin of the child, as well as, as appropriate, profes-sionals who are a resource to the family of the child, such as teachers, medical or men-tal health providers who have treated the child, or clergy. In the case of a child who has attained age 14, the family and perma-nency team shall include the members of the permanency planning team for the child that are selected by the child in accordance with section 475(5)(C)(iv). ‘‘(iii) The State shall document in the child’s case plan— ‘‘(I) the reasonable and good faith effort of the State to identify and include all such in-dividuals on the family of, and permanency team for, the child; ‘‘(II) all contact information for members of the family and permanency team, as well as contact information for other family members and fictive kin who are not part of the family and permanency team; ‘‘(III) evidence that meetings of the family and permanency team, including meetings relating to the assessment required under subparagraph (A), are held at a time and place convenient for family; ‘‘(IV) if reunification is the goal, evidence demonstrating that the parent from whom the child was removed provided input on the members of the family and permanency team; ‘‘(V) evidence that the assessment required under subparagraph (A) is determined in con-junction with the family and permanency team; ‘‘(VI) the placement preferences of the family and permanency team relative to the assessment that recognizes children should be placed with their siblings unless there is a finding by the court that such placement is contrary to their best interest; and ‘‘(VII) if the placement preferences of the family and permanency team and child are not the placement setting recommended by the qualified individual conducting the as-sessment under subparagraph (A), the rea-sons why the preferences of the team and of the child were not recommended. ‘‘(C) In the case of a child who the qualified individual conducting the assessment under subparagraph (A) determines should not be placed in a foster family home, the qualified individual shall specify in writing the rea-sons why the needs of the child cannot be met by the family of the child or in a foster family home. A shortage or lack of foster family homes shall not be an acceptable rea-son for determining that a needs of the child cannot be met in a foster family home. The qualified individual also shall specify in writing why the recommended placement in a qualified residential treatment program is the setting that will provide the child with the most effective and appropriate level of care in the least restrictive environment and how that placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child. ‘‘(D)(i) Subject to clause (ii), in this sub-section, the term ‘qualified individual’ means a trained professional or licensed cli-nician who is not an employee of the State agency and who is not connected to, or affili-ated with, any placement setting in which children are placed by the State. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary may approve a request of a State to waive any requirement in clause (i) upon a submission by the State, in accordance with criteria established by the Secretary, that certifies that the trained professionals or licensed clinicians with re-sponsibility for performing the assessments described in subparagraph (A) shall maintain objectivity with respect to determining the most effective and appropriate placement for a child. ‘‘(2) Within 60 days of the start of each placement in a qualified residential treat-ment program, a family or juvenile court or another court (including a tribal court) of competent jurisdiction, or an administrative body appointed or approved by the court, independently, shall— ‘‘(A) consider the assessment, determina-tion, and documentation made by the quali-fied individual conducting the assessment under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) determine whether the needs of the child can be met through placement in a fos-ter family home or, if not, whether place-ment of the child in a qualified residential treatment program provides the most effec-tive and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment and whether that placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; and ‘‘(C) approve or disapprove the placement. ‘‘(3) The written documentation made under paragraph (1)(C) and documentation of the determination and approval or dis-approval of the placement in a qualified resi-dential treatment program by a court or ad-ministrative body under paragraph (2) shall be included in and made part of the case plan for the child. ‘‘(4) As long as a child remains placed in a qualified residential treatment program, the State agency shall submit evidence at each status review and each permanency hearing held with respect to the child— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7052 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(A) demonstrating that ongoing assess-ment of the strengths and needs of the child continues to support the determination that the needs of the child cannot be met through placement in a foster family home, that the placement in a qualified residential treat-ment program provides the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment, and that the placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as speci-fied in the permanency plan for the child; ‘‘(B) documenting the specific treatment or service needs that will be met for the child in the placement and the length of time the child is expected to need the treat-ment or services; and ‘‘(C) documenting the efforts made by the State agency to prepare the child to return home or to be placed with a fit and willing relative, a legal guardian, or an adoptive parent, or in a foster family home. ‘‘(5) In the case of any child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program for more than 12 consecutive months or 18 nonconsecutive months (or, in the case of a child who has not attained age 13, for more than 6 consecutive or nonconsecutive months), the State agency shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) the most recent versions of the evi-dence and documentation specified in para-graph (4); and ‘‘(B) the signed approval of the head of the State agency for the continued placement of the child in that setting.’’. 
SEC. 203. PROTOCOLS TO PREVENT INAPPRO-PRIATE DIAGNOSES. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 422(b)(15)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(15)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (viii); and (3) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) the procedures and protocols the State has established to ensure that children in foster care placements are not inappropri-ately diagnosed with mental illness, other emotional or behavioral disorders, medically fragile conditions, or developmental disabil-ities, and placed in settings that are not fos-ter family homes as a result of the inappro-priate diagnoses; and’’. (b) E
VALUATION .—Section 476 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 676), as amended by section 111(d), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
VALUATION OF STATE PROCEDURES  
AND PROTOCOLS TOPREVENT INAPPROPRIATE  D
IAGNOSES OF MENTAL ILLNESS OR OTHER  C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the procedures and protocols established by States in accordance with the requirements of section 422(b)(15)(A)(vii). The evaluation shall analyze the extent to which States comply with and enforce the procedures and protocols and the effective-ness of various State procedures and proto-cols and shall identify best practices. Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit a report on the results of the evaluation to Congress.’’. 
SA 5166. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Beginning on page 14, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 15, line 9, and in-sert the following: ‘‘‘(iv) G
ENERAL FUND TRANSFER .—If the transfer under this subparagraph for fiscal year 2017 (after any adjustment under para-graph (5)) is insufficient to pay health bene-fits under the plan for such year, including benefits of the individuals referred to in clause (ii)(II)(bb) for the period described in clause (ii)(II), the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Plan out of the general fund of the Treasury an amount sufficient to pay such benefits.’. ‘‘(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara- graph (B) of section 402(h)(1) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1232(h)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘(except as provided in paragraph (2)(C)(iv))’ after ‘not to exceed’. 
SA 5167. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. Notwithstanding sections 101 and 102, within amounts appropriated for the De-partment of Defense for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $1,832,000,000 shall be available only for the Congressionally Directed Med-ical Research Program for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation. 
SA 5168. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. Notwithstanding sections 101 and 102, within amounts appropriated for the De-partment of Defense for ‘‘Procurement, De-fense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, an ag-gregate of $600,735,000 shall be available for Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That the availability of such amount for such Pro-grams shall be subject to the same authority and conditions as are provided in the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (di-vision C of Public Law 114–113) with respect to the availability of amounts in that Act for such Programs. 
SA 5169. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. T
OOMEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1831, to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture Act’’ or the ‘‘PACT Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REVISION OF SECTION 48. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 48 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 48. Animal crushing ‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— ‘‘(1) C
RUSHING .—It shall be unlawful for any person to purposely engage in animal crushing in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce or within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(2) CREATION OF ANIMAL CRUSH VIDEOS .—It shall be unlawful for any person to know-ingly create an animal crush video, if— ‘‘(A) the person intends or has reason to know that the animal crush video will be dis-tributed in, or using a means or facility of, interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(B) the animal crush video is distributed in, or using a means or facility of, interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ANIMAL CRUSH VID -
EOS.—It shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly sell, market, advertise, exchange, or distribute an animal crush video in, or using a means or facility of, interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(b) E
XTRATERRITORIAL APPLICATION .—This section applies to the knowing sale, mar-keting, advertising, exchange, distribution, or creation of an animal crush video outside of the United States, if— ‘‘(1) the person engaging in such conduct intends or has reason to know that the ani-mal crush video will be transported into the United States or its territories or posses-sions; or ‘‘(2) the animal crush video is transported into the United States or its territories or possessions. ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—Whoever violates this section shall be fined under this title, im-prisoned for not more than 7 years, or both. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section does not apply with regard to any conduct, or a visual depiction of that conduct, that is— ‘‘(A) a customary and normal veterinary, agricultural husbandry, or other animal management practice; ‘‘(B) the slaughter of animals for food; ‘‘(C) hunting, trapping, fishing, a sporting activity not otherwise prohibited by Federal law, predator control, or pest control; ‘‘(D) medical or scientific research; ‘‘(E) necessary to protect the life or prop-erty of a person; or ‘‘(F) performed as part of euthanizing an animal. ‘‘(2) G
OOD-FAITH DISTRIBUTION .—This sec- tion does not apply to the good-faith dis-tribution of an animal crush video to— ‘‘(A) a law enforcement agency; or ‘‘(B) a third party for the sole purpose of analysis to determine if referral to a law en-forcement agency is appropriate. ‘‘(3) U
NINTENTIONAL CONDUCT .—This section does not apply to unintentional conduct that injures or kills an animal. ‘‘(4) C
ONSISTENCY WITH RFRA .—This section shall be enforced in a manner that is con-sistent with section 3 of the Religious Free-dom Restoration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 2000bb–1). ‘‘(e) N
OPREEMPTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to preempt the law of any State or local subdivision thereof to pro-tect animals. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘animal crushing’ means ac-tual conduct in which one or more living non-human mammals, birds, reptiles, or am-phibians is purposely crushed, burned, drowned, suffocated, impaled, or otherwise subjected to serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365 and including conduct that, if committed against a person and in the spe-cial maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, would violate section 2241 or 2242); ‘‘(2) the term ‘animal crush video’ means any photograph, motion-picture film, video or digital recording, or electronic image that— ‘‘(A) depicts animal crushing; and ‘‘(B) is obscene; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.117 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7053 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(3) the term ‘euthanizing an animal’ means the humane destruction of an animal accomplished by a method that— ‘‘(A) produces rapid unconsciousness and subsequent death without evidence of pain or distress; or ‘‘(B) uses anesthesia produced by an agent that causes painless loss of consciousness and subsequent death.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 3 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 48 and inserting the following: ‘‘48. Animal crushing.’’. 
SA 5170. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. P
ERDUE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2781, to improve homeland security, including domestic prepared-ness and response to terrorism, by re-forming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
On page 3, line 15, insert ‘‘delegated’’ after ‘‘carry out’’. On page 4, strike lines 1 through 8 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) maximizes opportunities for small business participation; On page 11, beginning on line 20, strike ‘‘and to compensate such employees for time spent traveling from their homes to work sites’’. 
SA 5171. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. P
ERDUE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3842, to improve homeland security, including domestic prepared-ness and response to terrorism, by re-forming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
On page 3, line 19, insert ‘‘delegated’’ after ‘‘carry out’’. On page 4, strike lines 5 through 12 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) maximizes opportunities for small business participation; On page 11, beginning on line 25, strike ‘‘and to compensate such employees for time spent traveling from their homes to work sites’’. 
SA 5172. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3086, to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3. ASSISTANCE FOR SEVERE MARINE DE-BRIS EVENTS. 
Section 3 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1952) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
SSISTANCE FOR SEVERE MARINE DE-
BRIS EVENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—At the discretion of the Administrator or at the request of the Gov-ernor of an affected State, the Administrator shall determine whether there is a severe marine debris event. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE .—If the Administrator makes a determination under paragraph (1) that there is a severe marine debris event, the Administrator is authorized to make sums available to be used by the affected State or by the Administrator in cooperation with the affected State— ‘‘(A) to assist in the cleanup and response required by the severe marine debris event; or ‘‘(B) such other activity as the Adminis-trator determines is appropriate in response to the severe marine debris event. ‘‘(3) FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out under the authority of this subsection shall not ex-ceed 75 percent of the cost of that activity.’’. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTERNATIONAL ENGAGEMENT TO RESPOND TO MA-RINE DEBRIS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent should— (1) work with representatives of foreign countries that produce the largest amounts of unmanaged municipal solid waste that reaches the ocean to learn about, and find solutions to, the contributions of such coun-tries to marine debris in the world’s oceans; (2) carry out studies to determine— (A) the primary means by which solid waste enters the oceans; (B) the manner in which waste manage-ment infrastructure can be most effective in preventing debris from reaching the oceans; (C) the long-term economic impacts of ma-rine debris on the national economies of each country set out in paragraph (1) and on the global economy; and (D) the economic benefits of decreasing the amount of marine debris in the oceans; (3) work with representatives of foreign countries that produce the largest amounts of unmanaged municipal solid waste that reaches the ocean to conclude one or more new international agreements— (A) to mitigate the risk of land-based ma-rine debris contributed by such countries reaching an ocean; and (B) to increase technical assistance and in-vestment in waste management infrastruc-ture, if the President determines appro-priate; and (4) consider the benefits and appropriate-ness of having a senior official of the Depart-ment of State serve as a permanent member of the Interagency Marine Debris Coordi-nating Committee established under section 5 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1954). 
SA 5173. Mr. BOOZMAN (for Mr. M
ORAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 290, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Increasing the Department of Veterans Affairs Account-ability to Veterans Act of 2016’’. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered position’ is— ‘‘(A) a senior executive position; or ‘‘(B) a position listed in section 7401(1) of this title that is not a senior executive posi-tion. ‘‘(2) The term ‘covered service’ means, with respect to an individual subject to a removal or transfer from a covered position at the Department for performance or misconduct, the period of service beginning on the date that the Secretary determines that such in-dividual engaged in activity that gave rise to such action and ending on the date that such individual is removed from the civil service or leaves employment at the Department prior to the issuance of a final decision with respect to such action, as the case may be. ‘‘(3) The term ‘lump-sum credit’ has the meaning given such term in section 8331 or 8401 of title 5, as the case may be. ‘‘(4) The term ‘senior executive position’ has the meaning given such term in section 713(g) of this title. ‘‘(5) The term ‘service’ has the meaning given such term in section 8331 or 8401 of title 5, as the case may be.’’. (b) APPLICATION .—Section 715 of such title, as added by subsection (a), shall apply to any action of removal or transfer from a covered position (as defined in subsection (e) of such section) at the Department of Veterans Af-fairs commencing on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘715. Senior executives and section 7401(1) employees: reduction of bene-fits of individuals convicted of a felony.’’. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE FOR EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 717. Administrative leave limitation and re-port ‘‘(a) L
IMITATION APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES  W
ITHIN THE DEPARTMENT .—(1) The Secretary may not place any covered individual on ad-ministrative leave for more than a total of 14 business days during any 365-day period. ‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary may waive the limi-tation under paragraph (1) and extend the pe-riod of administrative leave of a covered in-dividual if the Secretary submits to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a detailed explanation of the reasons the covered indi-vidual was placed on administrative leave and the reasons for the extension of such leave. ‘‘(B) Such explanation shall include the po-sition of the covered individual and the loca-tion where the covered individual is em-ployed. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means an employee of the De-partment, including an employee in a senior executive position (as defined in section 713(g) of this title)— ‘‘(A) who is subject to an investigation for purposes of determining whether such indi-vidual should be subject to any disciplinary action under this title or title 5; or ‘‘(B) against whom any disciplinary action is proposed or initiated under this title or title 5. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— (1) Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port listing the position of each employee of the Department (if any) who has been placed on administrative leave for a period longer than 14 business days during such fiscal year. ‘‘(2) Each report submitted under para-graph (1) shall include, with respect to each employee listed in such report, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) The position occupied by the em-ployee. ‘‘(B) The number of business days of such leave. ‘‘(C) The reason that such employee was placed on such leave. ‘‘(3) In submitting each report under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall take such measures to protect the privacy of the em-ployees listed in the report as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE LEAVE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘administrative leave’— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.136 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7054 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(1) means an administratively authorized absence from duty without loss of pay or charge to leave for which the employee is placed due to an investigation on or for whom any disciplinary action is proposed or initiated; and ‘‘(2) includes any type of paid non-duty sta-tus without a charge to leave.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .— (1) A
DMINISTRATIVE LEAVE LIMITATION .— Subsection (a) of section 717 of title 38, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), shall apply to any period of administra-tive leave (as defined in such section) com-mencing on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (2) R
EPORT .—The report under section 717(b) of such title (as added by subsection (a)) shall apply beginning in the first quarter that ends after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘717. Administrative leave limitation and re-port.’’. 
SEC. 4. ACCOUNTABILITY OF LEADERS FOR MAN-AGING THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 709 the following new section: ‘‘§ 710. Annual performance plan for political appointees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct an annual performance plan for each po-litical appointee of the Department that is similar to the annual performance plan con-ducted for an employee of the Department who is appointed as a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5) within the Senior Executive Service at the Department. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS OF PLAN.—Each annual per-formance plan conducted under subsection (a) with respect to a political appointee of the Department shall include, to the extent applicable, an assessment of whether the ap-pointee is meeting the following goals: ‘‘(1) Recruiting, selecting, and retaining well-qualified individuals for employment at the Department. ‘‘(2) Engaging and motivating employees. ‘‘(3) Training and developing employees and preparing those employees for future leadership roles within the Department. ‘‘(4) Holding each employee of the Depart-ment that is a manager accountable for ad-dressing issues relating to performance, in particular issues relating to the performance of employees that report to the manager.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following new item: ‘‘710. Annual performance plan for political appointees.’’. 
SEC. 5. ACCOUNTABILITY OF SUPERVISORS AT DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS FOR HIRING WELL-QUALIFIED PEOPLE. 
(a) A SSESSMENT DURING PROBATIONARY PE-
RIOD.— (1) D
ETERMINATION REQUIRED .—With re- spect to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is required to serve a probationary period in a position in the De-partment, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall require the supervisor of such employee to determine, during the 30-day period end-ing on the date on which the probationary period ends, whether the employee— (A) has demonstrated successful perform-ance; and (B) should continue past the probationary period. (2) LIMITATION ON EMPLOYMENT AFTER PRO -
BATIONARY PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), no employee of the De-partment serving a probationary period as described in paragraph (1) may complete that probationary period unless and until the supervisor of the employee, or another supervisor capable of making the requisite determination, has made an affirmative de-termination under such paragraph. (B) P
ROBATIONARY PERIOD DEEMED COM -
PLETED .— (i) N
O DETERMINATION .—If no determination under paragraph (1) is made with respect to an employee before the end of the 60-day pe-riod following the end of the 30-day period specified in such paragraph, the employee shall be deemed to have completed the pro-bationary period of the employee effective as of the end of that 60-day period. (ii) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT OF DETERMINA -
TION.—If an affirmative determination under paragraph (1) is made with respect to an em-ployee after the end of the 30-day period specified in such paragraph, the employee shall be deemed to have completed the pro-bationary period of the employee effective as of the end of that 30-day period. (3) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS REGARDING  
DETERMINATIONS .—Not less frequently than monthly, the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives regarding— (A) each instance during such month in which a supervisor did not make a deter-mination required under paragraph (1) dur-ing the period required in such paragraph; and (B) each such instance included in a pre-vious notification under this paragraph for which the supervisor still has not made such a determination. (b) S
UPERVISORS .—With respect to any em-ployee of the Department who is serving a probationary period in a supervisory position at the Department, successful performance under subsection (a) shall include dem-onstrating management competencies in ad-dition to the technical skills required for such position. (c) P
ERFORMANCE PLAN.—Each annual per-formance plan conducted for a supervisor of an employee serving a probationary period shall hold the supervisor accountable for— (1) providing regular feedback to such em-ployee during such period before making a determination under subsection (a) regard-ing the probationary status of such em-ployee; and (2) making a timely determination under subsection (a) regarding the probationary status of such employee. (d) S
UPERVISOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘supervisor’’ has the meaning given such term in section 7103(a) of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 6. ACCOUNTABILITY OF MANAGERS FOR AD-DRESSING PERFORMANCE OF EM-PLOYEES. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall en-sure that, as a part of the annual perform-ance plan of an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is a manager, the manager is evaluated on the following: (1) Taking action to address poor perform-ance and misconduct among the employees that report to the manager. (2) Taking steps to improve or sustain high levels of employee engagement. 
SEC. 7. EXPANSION OF DEFINITION OF PER-SONNEL ACTION TO INCLUDE PER-FORMANCE EVALUATIONS OF EM-PLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 2302(a)(2)(A)(viii) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or under title 38’’ after ‘‘chapter 43 of this title’’. SEC. 8. WRITTEN OPINION ON CERTAIN EMPLOY-MENT RESTRICTIONS AFTER TERMI-NATING EMPLOYMENT WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 719. Written opinion on certain employ-ment restrictions after terminating employ-ment with the Department ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Before terminating em-ployment with the Department, any official of the Department who has participated per-sonally and substantially during the one- year period ending on the date of the termi-nation in an acquisition by the Department that exceeds $10,000,000 shall obtain a written opinion from an appropriate ethics counselor at the Department regarding any restric-tions on activities that the official may un-dertake on behalf of a covered contractor during the two-year period beginning on the date on which the official terminates such employment. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered contractor’ means a contractor carrying out a contract entered into with the Department, including pursuant to a subcontract.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 717 the following new item: ‘‘719. Written opinion on certain employment restrictions after leaving the Department.’’. 
SEC. 9. REQUIREMENT FOR CONTRACTORS OF THE DEPARTMENT EMPLOYING CER-TAIN RECENTLY SEPARATED DE-PARTMENT EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 8129. Requirement for contractors employ-ing certain recently separated Department employees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A covered contractor may not knowingly provide compensation to an individual described in subsection (b) dur-ing the two-year period beginning on the date on which the individual terminates em-ployment with the Department unless the covered contractor determines that the indi-vidual— ‘‘(1) has obtained the written opinion re-quired under section 719(a) of this title; or ‘‘(2) has requested such written opinion not later than 30 days before receiving com-pensation from the covered contractor. ‘‘(b) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual described in this subsection is any official of the Department who participated personally and substantially during the one-year period ending on the date of the termination indi-vidual’s employment with the Department in an acquisition by the Department that ex-ceeds $10,000,000. ‘‘(c) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered contractor’ means a contractor carrying out a contract entered into with the Department, including pursuant to a subcontract.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The requirement under section 8129(a) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to any entity that enters into a contract with the Department on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8128 the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.134 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7055 December 9, 2016 
‘‘8129. Requirement for contractors employ-ing certain recently separated Department employees.’’. 
SA 5174. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. H
ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 57, honoring in praise and remembrance the extraordinary life, steady leader-ship, and remarkable, 70-year reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand; as follows: 
In the 8th whereas clause, strike ‘‘2006’’ and insert ‘‘2009’’. 
SA 5175. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1150, to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through strong-er and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and vio-lent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; policy; sense of Congress. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Office on International Religious Freedom; Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom. Sec. 102. Annual Report on International Religious Freedom. Sec. 103. Training for Foreign Service offi-cers. Sec. 104. Prisoner lists and issue briefs on religious freedom concerns. TITLE II—NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL Sec. 201. Special Adviser for International Religious Freedom. TITLE III—PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS Sec. 301. Non-state actor designations. Sec. 302. Presidential actions in response to particularly severe violations of religious freedom. Sec. 303. Report to Congress. Sec. 304. Presidential waiver. Sec. 305. Publication in the Federal Reg-ister. TITLE IV—PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Sec. 401. Assistance for promoting religious freedom. TITLE V—DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Sec. 501. Designated Persons List for Par-ticularly Severe Violations of Religious Freedom. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 601. Miscellaneous provisions. Sec. 602. Clerical amendments. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; POLICY; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 2(a) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘The free-dom of thought, conscience, and religion is understood to protect theistic and non-the-istic beliefs and the right not to profess or practice any religion.’’ before ‘‘Govern-ments’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A policy or practice of rou-tinely denying applications for visas for reli-gious workers in a country can be indicative of a poor state of religious freedom in that country.’’; and (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and the specific targeting of non-theists, humanists, and atheists be-cause of their beliefs’’ after ‘‘religious perse-cution’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and in regions where non- state actors exercise significant political power and territorial control’’ before the pe-riod at the end. (b) POLICY .—Section 2(b) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E); (2) by striking the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A), as redesignated, and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The following shall be the policy of the United States:’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
VOLVING POLICIES AND COORDINATED  
DIPLOMATIC RESPONSES .—Because the pro-motion of international religious freedom protects human rights, advances democracy abroad, and advances United States interests in stability, security, and development glob-ally, the promotion of international reli-gious freedom requires new and evolving policies and diplomatic responses that— ‘‘(A) are drawn from the expertise of the national security agencies, the diplomatic services, and other governmental agencies and nongovernmental organizations; and ‘‘(B) are coordinated across and carried out by the entire range of Federal agencies.’’. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) a policy or practice by the government of any foreign country of routinely denying visa applications for religious workers can be indicative of a poor state of religious free-dom in that country; and (2) the United States Government should seek to reverse any such policy by reviewing the entirety of the bilateral relationship be-tween such country and the United States. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (13) as para-graph (16); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (10), (11), and (12) as paragraphs (12), (13), and (14), re-spectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). ‘‘(11) N
ON-STATE ACTOR .—The term ‘non- state actor’ means a nonsovereign entity that— ‘‘(A) exercises significant political power and territorial control; ‘‘(B) is outside the control of a sovereign government; and ‘‘(C) often employs violence in pursuit of its objectives.’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (14), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(15) S
PECIAL WATCH LIST .—The term ‘Spe-cial Watch List’ means the Special Watch List described in section 402(b)(1)(A)(iii).’’; and (5) in paragraph (16), as redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (v) and (vi), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) not professing a particular religion, or any religion;’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘conscience, non-theistic views, or’’ before ‘‘religious belief or prac-tice’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘forcibly compelling non- believers or non-theists to recant their be-liefs or to convert,’’ after ‘‘forced religious conversion,’’. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE ACTIVITIES SEC. 101. OFFICE ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM; AMBASSADOR AT LARGE FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101 of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, and shall report directly to the Secretary of State’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘responsibility’’ and insert-ing ‘‘responsibilities’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘shall be to advance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall be to— ‘‘(A) advance’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by striking the period at the end and insert-ing ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) integrate United States international religious freedom policies and strategies into the foreign policy efforts of the United States.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the prin-cipal adviser to’’ before ‘‘the Secretary of State’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) contacts with nongovernmental orga-nizations that have an impact on the state of religious freedom in their respective soci-eties or regions, or internationally.’’; (D) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION RESPONSIBILITIES .—In order to promote religious freedom as an in-terest of United States foreign policy, the Ambassador at Large— ‘‘(A) shall coordinate international reli-gious freedom policies across all programs, projects, and activities of the United States; and ‘‘(B) should participate in any interagency processes on issues in which the promotion of international religious freedom policy can advance United States national security in-terests, including in democracy promotion, stability, security, and development glob-ally.’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘staff for the Office’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘appropriate staff for the Office, including full-time equivalent positions and other tem-porary staff positions needed to compile, edit, and manage the Annual Report under the direct supervision of the Ambassador at Large, and for the conduct of investigations by the Office and for necessary travel to carry out this Act. The Secretary of State should provide the Ambassador at Large with sufficient funding to carry out the du-ties described in this section, including, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.134 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7056 December 9, 2016 
necessary, representation funds. On the date on which the President’s annual budget re-quest is submitted to Congress, the Sec-retary shall submit an annual report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes a report on staffing levels for the International Religious Freedom Office.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that maintaining an adequate staff-ing level at the Office, such as was in place during fiscal year 2016, is necessary for the Office to carry out its important work. 
SEC. 102. ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘September 1’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘as well as the routine denial of visa applications for religious workers;’’; (B) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) particularly severe violations of reli-gious freedom in that country if such coun-try does not have a functioning government or the government of such country does not control its territory; ‘‘(v) the identification of prisoners, to the extent possible, in that country pursuant to section 108(d); ‘‘(vi) any action taken by the government of that country to censor religious content, communications, or worship activities on-line, including descriptions of the targeted religious group, the content, communica-tion, or activities censored, and the means used; and’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i)— (A) by inserting ‘‘persecution of lawyers, politicians, or other human rights advocates seeking to defend the rights of members of religious groups or highlight religious free-dom violations, prohibitions on ritual ani-mal slaughter or male infant circumcision,’’ after ‘‘entire religions,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘policies that ban or re-strict the public manifestation of religious belief and the peaceful involvement of reli-gious groups or their members in the polit-ical life of each such foreign country,’’ after ‘‘such groups,’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘A de-scription of United States actions and’’ and inserting ‘‘A detailed description of United States actions, diplomatic and political co-ordination efforts, and other’’; and (5) in subparagraph (F)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 402(b)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 402(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any country in which a non-state actor des-ignated as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Free-dom Act is located shall be included in this section of the report.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the original intent of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.) was to require annual reports from both the Department of State and the Com-mission on International Religious Freedom to be delivered each year, during the same calendar year, and with at least 5 months separating these reports, in order to provide updated information for policymakers, Mem-bers of Congress, and nongovernmental orga-nizations; and (2) given that the annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices no longer con-tain updated information on religious free-dom conditions globally, it is important that the Department of State coordinate with the Commission to fulfill the original intent of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. SEC. 103. TRAINING FOR FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-CERS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO FOREIGN SERVICE ACT OF  1980.—Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), re-spectively; (B) by striking ‘‘(a) The Secretary of State’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) H
UMAN RIGHTS , RELIGIOUS FREEDOM , 
ANDHUMAN TRAFFICKING TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAINING .—Not later than the one year after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center shall, consistent with this section, conduct training on religious freedom for all Foreign Service officers, including all entry level officers, all officers prior to departure for posting outside the United States, and all outgoing deputy chiefs of mission and am-bassadors. Such training shall be included in each of— ‘‘(A) the A–100 course attended by all For-eign Service officers; ‘‘(B) the courses required of every Foreign Service officer prior to a posting outside the United States, with segments tailored to the particular religious demography, religious freedom conditions, and United States strat-egies for advancing religious freedom, in each receiving country; and ‘‘(C) the courses required of all outgoing deputy chiefs of mission and ambassadors.’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .—The Ambassador at Large for International Reli-gious Freedom, in coordination with the Di-rector of the George P. Shultz National For-eign Affairs Training Center and other Fed-eral officials, as appropriate, and in con-sultation with the United States Commis-sion on International Religious Freedom es-tablished under section 201(a) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998, shall make recommendations to the Secretary of State regarding the curriculum required under subsection (a)(2) for training United States Foreign Service officers on the scope and strategic value of international religious freedom, how violations of international re-ligious freedom harm fundamental United States interests, how the advancement of international religious freedom can advance such interests, how United States inter-national religious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States dip-lomats and other Foreign Service officers, and the relevance and relationship of inter-national religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, development, and public affairs efforts. The Secretary of State should ensure the availability of sufficient re-sources to develop and implement such cur-riculum. ‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The cur-riculum and training materials developed pursuant to subsections (a)(2) and (b) shall be shared with the United States Armed Forces and other Federal departments and agencies with personnel who are stationed overseas, as appropriate, to provide training on— ‘‘(1) United States religious freedom poli-cies; ‘‘(2) religious traditions; ‘‘(3) religious engagement strategies; ‘‘(4) religious and cultural issues; and ‘‘(5) efforts to counter violent religious ex-tremism.’’; (4) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Secretary of State’’ and in-serting ‘‘REFUGEES .—The Secretary of State’’; and (5) in subsection (f), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Secretary of State’’ and in-serting ‘‘C
HILD SOLDIERS .—The Secretary of State’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, with the assistance of the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, and the Director of the Foreign Service Institute, located at the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center, shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate that con-tains a plan for undertaking training for Foreign Service officers under section 708 of the Foreign Services Act of 1980, as amended by subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. PRISONER LISTS AND ISSUE BRIEFS ON RELIGIOUS FREEDOM CONCERNS. 
Section 108 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6417) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘faith,’’ and inserting ‘‘activities, religious freedom advocacy, or efforts to protect and advance the universally recognized right to the free-dom of religion,’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘, as ap-propriate, provide’’ and insert ‘‘make avail-able’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) V
ICTIMS LIST MAINTAINED BY THE  U
NITED STATES COMMISSION ON INTER -
NATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall make publicly available, to the extent prac-ticable, online and in official publications, lists of persons it determines are imprisoned or detained, have disappeared, been placed under house arrest, been tortured, or sub-jected to forced renunciations of faith for their religious activity or religious freedom advocacy by the government of a foreign country that the Commission recommends for designation as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under section 402(b)(1)(A)(ii) or by a non-state actor that the Commission recommends for designation as an entity of particular concern for reli-gious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act and include as much publicly available infor-mation as practicable on the conditions and circumstances of such persons. ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION .—In compiling lists under paragraph (1), the Commission shall exercise all appropriate discretion, including consid-eration of the safety and security of, and benefit to, the persons who may be included on the lists and the families of such per-sons.’’. TITLE II—NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL 
SEC. 201. SPECIAL ADVISER FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
The position described in section 101(k) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021(k)) should assist the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom to coordinate international religious free-dom policies and strategies throughout the executive branch and within any interagency policy committee of which the Ambassador at Large is a member. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.137 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7057 December 9, 2016 
TITLE III—PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS 
SEC. 301. NON-STATE ACTOR DESIGNATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, concur-rent with the annual foreign country review required under section 402(b)(1)(A) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)(A)), shall— (1) review and identify any non-state ac-tors operating in any such reviewed country or surrounding region that have engaged in particularly severe violations of religious freedom; and (2) designate, in a manner consistent with such Act, each such non-state actor as an en-tity of particular concern for religious free-dom. (b) R
EPORT .—Whenever the President des-ignates a non-state actor under subsection (a) as an entity of particular concern for reli-gious freedom, the President, as soon as practicable after the designation is made, shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that describes the reasons for such designation. (c) A
CTIONS .—The President should take specific actions, when practicable, to address severe violations of religious freedom of non- state actors that are designated under sub-section (a)(2). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE ANNUAL RE-
PORT .—The Secretary of State should include information detailing the reasons the Presi-dent designated a non-state actor as an enti-ty of particular concern for religious free-dom under subsection (a) in the Annual Re-port required under section 102(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)(1)). (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of State should work with Congress and the U.S. Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom— (A) to create new political, financial, and diplomatic tools to address severe violations of religious freedom by non-state actors; and (B) to update the actions the President can take under section 405 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6445); (2) governments must ultimately be held accountable for the abuses that occur in their territories; and (3) any actions the President takes after designating a non-state actor as an entity of particular concern should also involve high- level diplomacy with the government of the country in which the non-state actor is oper-ating. (f) D
ETERMINATIONS OF RESPONSIBLE PAR-
TIES.—In order to appropriately target Presi-dential actions under the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.), the President, with respect to each non-state actor designated as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under subsection (a), shall seek to deter-mine, to the extent practicable, the specific officials or members that are responsible for the particularly severe violations of reli-gious freedom engaged in or tolerated by such non-state actor. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’, ‘‘non-state actor’’, and ‘‘particularly severe violations of religious freedom’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402), as amended by section 3 of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS IN RESPONSE TO PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Section 402 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which each Annual Report is submitted under section 102(b), the Presi-dent shall— ‘‘(i) review the status of religious freedom in each foreign country to determine wheth-er the government of that country has en-gaged in or tolerated particularly severe vio-lations of religious freedom in each such country during the preceding 12 months or longer; ‘‘(ii) designate each country the govern-ment of which has engaged in or tolerated violations described in clause (i) as a country of particular concern for religious freedom; and ‘‘(iii) designate each country that engaged in or tolerated severe violations of religious freedom during the previous year, but does not meet, in the opinion of the President at the time of publication of the Annual Re-port, all of the criteria described in section 3(15) for designation under clause (ii) as being placed on a ‘Special Watch List’.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘prior to September 1 of the respective year’’ and inserting ‘‘before the date on which each An-nual Report is submitted under section 102(b)’’; (B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever the President designates a country as a country of par-ticular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A)(ii), the President, not later than 90 days after such designation, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees— ‘‘(i) the designation of the country, signed by the President; ‘‘(ii) the identification, if any, of respon-sible parties determined under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(iii) a description of the actions taken under subsection (c), the purposes of the ac-tions taken, and the effectiveness of the ac-tions taken. ‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—A country that is designated as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under para-graph (1)(A)(ii) shall retain such designation until the President determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the country should no longer be so des-ignated.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
FFECT ON DESIGNATION AS COUNTRY OF  
PARTICULAR CONCERN .—The presence or ab-sence of a country from the Special Watch List in any given year shall not preclude the designation of such country as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) in any such year.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘the President must designate the specific sanc-tion or sanctions which he determines sat-isfy the requirements of this subsection.’’ and inserting ‘‘the President shall designate the specific sanction or sanctions that the President determines satisfy the require-ments under this subsection and include a description of the impact of such sanction or sanctions on each country.’’. 
SEC. 303. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Section 404(a)(4)(A) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6444(a)(4)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) the impact on the advancement of United States interests in democracy, human rights, and security, and a descrip-tion of policy tools being applied in the country, including programs that target democratic stability, economic growth, and counterterrorism.’’. SEC. 304. PRESIDENTIAL WAIVER. 
Section 407 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6447) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (c)’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘, for a single, 180-day pe-riod,’’ after ‘‘may waive’’; (C) by striking paragraph (1); and (D) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (c), the President may waive, for any additional specified period of time after the 180-day period described in subsection (a), the application of any of the actions de-scribed in paragraphs (9) through (15) of sec-tion 405(a) (or a commensurate substitute ac-tion) with respect to a country, if the Presi-dent determines and reports to the appro-priate congressional committees that— ‘‘(1) the respective foreign government has ceased the violations giving rise to the Presi-dential action; or ‘‘(2) the important national interest of the United States requires the exercise of such waiver authority.’’; (4) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘or (b)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) ongoing and persistent waivers of the application of any of the actions described in paragraphs (9) through (15) of section 405(a) (or commensurate substitute action) with re-spect to a country do not fulfill the purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(2) because the promotion of religious freedom is an important interest of United States foreign policy, the President, the Sec-retary of State, and other executive branch officials, in consultation with Congress, should seek to find ways to address existing violations, on a case-by-case basis, through the actions described in section 405 or other commensurate substitute action.’’. 
SEC. 305. PUBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG-ISTER. 
Section 408(a)(1) of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6448(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any designation of a non- state actor as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Free-dom Act and, if applicable and to the extent practicable, the identities of individuals de-termined to be responsible for violations de-scribed in subsection (f) of such section.’’. TITLE IV—PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
SEC. 401. ASSISTANCE FOR PROMOTING RELI-GIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that for each fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President should re-quest sufficient appropriations from Con-gress to support— (1) the vigorous promotion of international religious freedom and for projects to advance United States interests in the protection and advancement of international religious free-dom, in particular, through grants to groups that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.137 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7058 December 9, 2016 
(A) are capable of developing legal protec-tions or promoting cultural and societal un-derstanding of international norms of reli-gious freedom; (B) seek to address and mitigate reli-giously motivated and sectarian violence and combat violent extremism; or (C) seek to strengthen investigations, re-porting, and monitoring of religious freedom violations, including genocide perpetrated against religious minorities; and (2) the establishment of an effective Reli-gious Freedom Defense Fund, to be adminis-tered by the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom, to provide grants for— (A) victims of religious freedom abuses and their families to cover legal and other ex-penses that may arise from detention, im-prisonment, torture, fines, and other restric-tions; and (B) projects to help create and support training of a new generation of defenders of religious freedom, including legal and polit-ical advocates, and civil society projects which seek to create advocacy networks, strengthen legal representation, train and educate new religious freedom defenders, and build the capacity of religious communities and rights defenders to protect against reli-gious freedom violations, mitigate societal or sectarian violence, or minimize legal or other restrictions of the right to freedom of religion. (b) P
REFERENCE .—It is the sense of Con-gress that, in providing grants under sub-section (a), the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom should, as appropriate, give preference to projects tar-geting religious freedom violations in coun-tries— (1) designated as countries of particular concern for religious freedom under section 402(b)(1) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)); or (2) included on the Special Watch List de-scribed in section 402(b)(1)(A)(iii) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, as added by section 302(1)(A)(i) of this Act. (c) A
DMINISTRATION AND CONSULTATIONS .— (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—Amounts made avail-able under subsection (a) shall be adminis-tered by the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In developing prior-ities and policies for providing grants au-thorized under subsection (a), including pro-gramming and policy, the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom should consult with other Federal agencies, including the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom and, as ap-propriate, nongovernmental organizations. TITLE V—DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
SEC. 501. DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PAR-TICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Title VI of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6471 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 605 as section 606; and (2) by inserting after section 604 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 605. DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PAR-TICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
‘‘(a) L IST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Ambassador at Large and in consultation with relevant gov-ernment and nongovernment experts, shall establish and maintain a list of foreign indi-viduals to whom a consular post has denied a visa on the grounds of particularly severe violations of religious freedom under section 212(a)(2)(G) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(G)), or who are subject to financial sanctions or other meas-ures for particularly severe violations of freedom religion. ‘‘(2) REFERENCE .—The list required under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘Des-ignated Persons List for Particularly Severe Violations of Religious Freedom’. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that contains the list required under subsection (a), including, with respect to each foreign individual on the list— ‘‘(A) the name of the individual and a de-scription of the particularly severe violation of religious freedom committed by the indi-vidual; ‘‘(B) the name of the country or other loca-tion in which such violation took place; and ‘‘(C) a description of the actions taken pur-suant to this Act or any other Act or Execu-tive order in response to such violation. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION AND UPDATES .—The Sec- retary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees— ‘‘(A) the initial report required under para-graph (1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act; and ‘‘(B) updates to the report every 180 days thereafter and as new information becomes available. ‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) should be submitted in unclas-sified form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(F) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives.’’. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
Title VII of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6481 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 702. VOLUNTARY CODES OF CONDUCT FOR UNITED STATES INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
‘‘(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes the en-during importance of United States institu-tions of higher education worldwide— ‘‘(1) for their potential for shaping positive leadership and new educational models in host countries; and ‘‘(2) for their emphasis on teaching univer-sally recognized rights of free inquiry and academic freedom. ‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that United States institutions of higher education operating campuses outside the United States or establishing any edu-cational entities with foreign governments, particularly with or in countries the govern-ments of which engage in or tolerate severe violations of religious freedom as identified in the Annual Report, should seek to adopt a voluntary code of conduct for operating in such countries that should— ‘‘(1) uphold the right of freedom of religion of their employees and students, including the right to manifest that religion peace-fully as protected in international law; ‘‘(2) ensure that the religious views and peaceful practice of religion in no way affect, or be allowed to affect, the status of a work-er’s or faculty member’s employment or a student’s enrollment; and ‘‘(3) make every effort in all negotiations, contracts, or memoranda of understanding engaged in or constructed with a foreign gov-ernment to protect academic freedom and the rights enshrined in the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights. ‘‘SEC. 703. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING NA-TIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY TO PROMOTE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM THROUGH UNITED STATES FOREIGN POLICY. 
‘‘It is the sense of Congress that the annual national security strategy report of the President required under section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043)— ‘‘(1) should promote international religious freedom as a foreign policy and national se-curity priority; and ‘‘(2) should articulate that promotion of the right to freedom of religion is a strategy that— ‘‘(A) protects other, related human rights, and advances democracy outside the United States; and ‘‘(B) makes clear its importance to United States foreign policy goals of stability, secu-rity, development, and diplomacy; ‘‘(3) should be a guide for the strategies and activities of relevant Federal agencies; and ‘‘(4) should inform the Department of De-fense quadrennial defense review under sec-tion 118 of title 10, United States Code, and the Department of State Quadrennial Diplo-macy and Development Review.’’. 
SEC. 602. CLERICAL AMENDMENTS. 
The table of contents of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 note) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 605 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 606. Studies on the effect of expedited removal provisions on asylum claims.’’; (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 604 the following: ‘‘Sec. 605. Designated Persons List for Par-ticularly Severe Violations of Religious Freedom.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Sec. 702. Voluntary codes of conduct for United States institutions of higher education operating out-side the United States. ‘‘Sec. 703. Sense of Congress regarding na-tional security strategy to pro-mote religious freedom through United States foreign policy.’’. 
SA 5176. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5175 proposed by Mr. P
ORTMAN (for Mr. C ORKER ) to the bill H.R. 1150, to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to im-prove the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assist-ance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to re-ligious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Beginning on page 13, strike line 12 and all that follows through page 16, line 20, and in-sert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.137 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7059 December 9, 2016 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO FOREIGN SERVICE ACT 
OF1980.—Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), re-spectively; (B) by striking ‘‘(a) The Secretary of State’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) H
UMAN RIGHTS , RELIGIOUS FREEDOM , 
ANDHUMAN TRAFFICKING TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
ELIGIOUS FREEDOM TRAINING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the training required under paragraph (1)(B), the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center shall, not later than the one year after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act, conduct training on religious freedom for all Foreign Service officers, including all entry level of-ficers, all officers prior to departure for post-ing outside the United States, and all out-going deputy chiefs of mission and ambas-sadors. Such training shall be included in— ‘‘(i) the A–100 course attended by all For-eign Service officers; ‘‘(ii) the courses required of every Foreign Service officer prior to a posting outside the United States, with segments tailored to the particular religious demography, religious freedom conditions, and United States strat-egies for advancing religious freedom, in each receiving country; and ‘‘(iii) the courses required of all outgoing deputy chiefs of mission and ambassadors. ‘‘(B) D
EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .—In car- rying out the training required under para-graph (1)(B), the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, in coordi-nation with the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center and other Federal officials, as appro-priate, and in consultation with the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom established under section 201(a) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431(a)), shall make recommendations to the Secretary of State regarding a curriculum for the train-ing of United States Foreign Service officers under paragraph (1)(B) on the scope and stra-tegic value of international religious free-dom, how violations of international reli-gious freedom harm fundamental United States interests, how the advancement of international religious freedom can advance such interests, how United States inter-national religious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States dip-lomats and other Foreign Service officers, and the relevance and relationship of inter-national religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, development, and public affairs efforts. The Secretary of State should ensure the availability of sufficient re-sources to develop and implement such cur-riculum. ‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The cur-riculum and training materials developed under this paragraph shall be shared with the United States Armed Forces and other Federal departments and agencies with per-sonnel who are stationed overseas, as appro-priate, to provide training on— ‘‘(i) United States religious freedom poli-cies; ‘‘(ii) religious traditions; ‘‘(iii) religious engagement strategies; ‘‘(iv) religious and cultural issues; and ‘‘(v) efforts to counter violent religious ex-tremism.’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EFUGEES .— The Secretary of State’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘CHILD SOL-
DIERS .—The Secretary of State’’. 
SA 5177. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4939, to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean diaspora commu-nity in the United States, and the pri-vate sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 11, beginning on line 3, strike ‘‘with respect to’’ and all that follows through line 5 and insert ‘‘with respect to human rights and democracy’’. 
SA 5178. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. J
OHNSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 6302, to provide an in-crease in premium pay for protective services during 2016, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PREMIUM PAY EXCEPTION IN 2016 FOR PROTECTIVE SERVICES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered employee’’ means any officer, em-ployee, or agent employed by the United States Secret Service who performs protec-tive services for an individual or event pro-tected by the United States Secret Service during 2016. (b) E
XCEPTION TO THE LIMITATION ON PRE-
MIUM PAY FOR PROTECTIVE SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during 2016, section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any covered employee to the ex-tent that its application would prevent a covered employee from receiving premium pay, as provided under the amendment made by paragraph (2). (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 118 of the Treasury and Gen-eral Government Appropriations Act, 2001 (as enacted into law by section 1(3) of Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–134) is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or, if the employee qualifies for an exception to such limitation under section 2(b)(1) of the Over-time Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016, to the extent that such aggregate amount would exceed the rate of basic pay payable for a position at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code’’ after ‘‘of that limitation’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF ADDITIONAL PAY.—If sub- section (b) results in the payment of addi-tional premium pay to a covered employee of a type that is normally creditable as basic pay for retirement or any other purpose, that additional pay shall not— (1) be considered to be basic pay of the cov-ered employee for any purpose; or (2) be used in computing a lump-sum pay-ment to the covered employee for accumu-lated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552 of title 5, United States Code. (d) A
GGREGATE LIMIT.—With respect to the application of section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, the payment of any additional premium pay to a covered employee as a re-sult of subsection (b) shall not be counted as part of the aggregate compensation of the covered employee. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on December 31, 2015. SA 5179. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. J
OHNSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 6302, to provide an in-crease in premium pay for protective services during 2016, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Amend the title to read as follows: ‘‘A bill to provide an increase in premium pay for protective services during 2016, and for other purposes.’’. 
SA 5180. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. C
RUZ (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3346, to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration Transition Authorization Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS Sec. 101. Fiscal year 2017. TITLE II—SUSTAINING NATIONAL SPACE COMMITMENTS Sec. 201. Sense of Congress on sustaining na-tional space commitments. Sec. 202. Findings. TITLE III—MAXIMIZING UTILIZATION OF THE ISS AND LOW-EARTH ORBIT Sec. 301. Operation of the ISS. Sec. 302. Transportation to ISS. Sec. 303. ISS transition plan. Sec. 304. Space communications. Sec. 305. Indemnification; NASA launch services and reentry services. TITLE IV—ADVANCING HUMAN DEEP SPACE EXPLORATION Subtitle A—Human Space Flight and Exploration Goals and Objectives Sec. 411. Human space flight and exploration long-term goals. Sec. 412. Key objectives. Sec. 413. Vision for space exploration. Sec. 414. Stepping stone approach to explo-ration. Sec. 415. Update of exploration plan and pro-grams. Sec. 416. Repeals. Sec. 417. Assured access to space. Subtitle B—Assuring Core Capabilities for Exploration Sec. 421. Space Launch System, Orion, and Exploration Ground Systems. Subtitle C—Journey to Mars Sec. 431. Findings on human space explo-ration. Sec. 432. Human exploration roadmap. Sec. 433. Advanced space suit capability. Sec. 434. Asteroid robotic redirect mission. Sec. 435. Mars 2033 report. Subtitle D—TREAT Astronauts Act Sec. 441. Short title. Sec. 442. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 443. Medical monitoring and research relating to human space flight. TITLE V—ADVANCING SPACE SCIENCE Sec. 501. Maintaining a balanced space science portfolio. Sec. 502. Planetary science. Sec. 503. James Webb Space Telescope. Sec. 504. Wide-Field Infrared Survey Tele-scope. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.133 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7060 December 9, 2016 
Sec. 505. Mars 2020 rover. Sec. 506. Europa. Sec. 507. Congressional declaration of policy and purpose. Sec. 508. Extrasolar planet exploration strategy. Sec. 509. Astrobiology strategy. Sec. 510. Astrobiology public-private part-nerships. Sec. 511. Near-earth objects. Sec. 512. Near-Earth objects public-private partnerships. Sec. 513. Assessment of science mission ex-tensions. Sec. 514. Stratospheric observatory for in-frared astronomy. Sec. 515. Radioisotope power systems. Sec. 516. Assessment of Mars architecture. Sec. 517. Collaboration. TITLE VI—AERONAUTICS Sec. 601. Sense of Congress on aeronautics. Sec. 602. Transformative aeronautics re-search. Sec. 603. Hypersonic research. Sec. 604. Supersonic research. Sec. 605. Rotorcraft research. TITLE VII—SPACE TECHNOLOGY Sec. 701. Space technology infusion. Sec. 702. Space technology program. TITLE VIII—MAXIMIZING EFFICIENCY Subtitle A—Agency Information Technology and Cybersecurity Sec. 811. Information technology govern-ance. Sec. 812. Information technology strategic plan. Sec. 813. Cybersecurity. Sec. 814. Security management of foreign national access. Sec. 815. Cybersecurity of web applications. Subtitle B—Collaboration Among Mission Directorates and Other Matters Sec. 821. Collaboration among mission direc-torates. Sec. 822. NASA launch capabilities collabo-ration. Sec. 823. Detection and avoidance of coun-terfeit parts. Sec. 824. Education and outreach. Sec. 825. Leveraging commercial satellite servicing capabilities across mission directorates. Sec. 826. Flight opportunities. Sec. 827. Sense of Congress on small class launch missions. Sec. 828. Baseline and cost controls. Sec. 829. Commercial technology transfer program. Sec. 830. Avoiding organizational conflicts of interest in major administra-tion acquisition programs. Sec. 831. Protection of Apollo landing sites. Sec. 832. NASA lease of non-excess property. Sec. 833. Termination liability. Sec. 834. Independent reviews. Sec. 835. NASA Advisory Council. Sec. 836. Cost estimation. Sec. 837. Facilities and infrastructure. Sec. 838. Human space flight accident inves-tigations. Sec. 839. Orbital debris. Sec. 840. Review of orbital debris removal concepts. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ means the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion. (3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. (4) CIS-LUNAR SPACE .—The term ‘‘cis-lunar space’’ means the region of space from the Earth out to and including the region around the surface of the Moon. (5) D
EEP SPACE .—The term ‘‘deep space’’ means the region of space beyond low-Earth orbit, to include cis-lunar space. (6) G
OVERNMENT ASTRONAUT .—The term ‘‘government astronaut’’ has the meaning given the term in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code. (7) ISS.—The term ‘‘ISS’’ means the Inter-national Space Station. (8) ISS 
MANAGEMENT ENTITY .—The term ‘‘ISS management entity’’ means the organi-zation with which the Administrator has a cooperative agreement under section 504(a) of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354(a)). (9) NASA.—The term ‘‘NASA’’ means the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion. (10) O
RION.—The term ‘‘Orion’’ means the multipurpose crew vehicle described under section 303 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323). (11) S
PACE LAUNCH SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Space Launch System’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18302). (12) U
NITED STATES GOVERNMENT ASTRO -
NAUT .—The term ‘‘United States government astronaut’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘government astronaut’’ in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, except it does not include an individual who is an inter-national partner astronaut. TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
SEC. 101. FISCAL YEAR 2017. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to NASA for fiscal year 2017, $19,508,000,000, as follows: (1) For Exploration, $4,330,000,000. (2) For Space Operations, $5,023,000,000. (3) For Science, $5,500,000,000. (4) For Aeronautics, $640,000,000. (5) For Space Technology, $686,000,000. (6) For Education, $115,000,000. (7) For Safety, Security, and Mission Serv-ices, $2,788,600,000. (8) For Construction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration, $388,000,000. (9) For Inspector General, $37,400,000. TITLE II—SUSTAINING NATIONAL SPACE COMMITMENTS 
SEC. 201. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUSTAINING NATIONAL SPACE COMMITMENTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) honoring current national space com-mitments and building upon investments in space across successive Administrations demonstrates clear continuity of purpose by the United States, in collaboration with its international, academic, and industry part-ners, to extend humanity’s reach into deep space, including cis-lunar space, the Moon, the surface and moons of Mars, and beyond; (2) NASA leaders can best leverage invest-ments in the United States space program by continuing to develop a balanced portfolio for space exploration and space science, in-cluding continued development of the Space Launch System, Orion, Commercial Crew Program, space and planetary science mis-sions such as the James Webb Space Tele-scope, Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope, and Europa mission, and ongoing operations of the ISS and Commercial Resupply Serv-ices Program; (3) a national, government-led space pro-gram that builds on current science and ex-ploration programs, advances human knowl-edge and capabilities, and opens the frontier beyond Earth for ourselves, commercial en-terprise, and science, and with our inter-national partners, is of critical importance to our national destiny and to a future guid-ed by United States values and freedoms; (4) continuity of purpose and effective exe-cution of core NASA programs are essential for efficient use of resources in pursuit of timely and tangible accomplishments; (5) NASA could improve its efficiency and effectiveness by working with industry to streamline existing programs and require-ments, procurement practices, institutional footprint, and bureaucracy while preserving effective program oversight, accountability, and safety; (6) it is imperative that the United States maintain and enhance its leadership in space exploration and space science, and continue to expand freedom and economic opportuni-ties in space for all Americans that are con-sistent with the Constitution of the United States; and (7) NASA should be a multi-mission space agency, and should have a balanced and ro-bust set of core missions in space science, space technology, aeronautics, human space flight and exploration, and education. SEC. 202. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Returns on the Nation’s investments in science, technology, and exploration accrue over decades-long timeframes, and a disrup-tion of such investments could prevent re-turns from being fully realized. (2) Past challenges to the continuity of such investments, particularly threats re-garding the cancellation of authorized pro-grams with bipartisan and bicameral sup-port, have disrupted completion of major space systems thereby— (A) impeding planning and pursuit of na-tional objectives in space science and human space exploration; (B) placing such investments in space science and space exploration at risk; and (C) degrading the aerospace industrial base. (3) The National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–155; 119 Stat. 2895), National Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-422; 122 Stat. 4779), and National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18301 et seq.) reflect a broad, bipartisan agreement on the path forward for NASA’s core missions in science, space tech-nology, aeronautics, human space flight and exploration, and education, that serves as the foundation for the policy updates by this Act. (4) Sufficient investment and maximum utilization of the ISS and ISS National Lab-oratory with our international and industry partners is— (A) consistent with the goals and objec-tives of the United States space program; and (B) imperative to continuing United States global leadership in human space explo-ration, science, research, technology devel-opment, and education opportunities that contribute to development of the next gen-eration of American scientists, engineers, and leaders, and to creating the opportunity for economic development of low-Earth orbit. (5) NASA has made measurable progress in the development and testing of the Space Launch System and Orion exploration sys-tems with the near-term objectives of the initial integrated test flight and launch in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7061 December 9, 2016 
2018, a human mission in 2021, and continued missions with an annual cadence in cis-lunar space and eventually to the surface of Mars. (6) The Commercial Crew Program has made measurable progress toward reestab-lishing the capability to launch United States government astronauts from United States soil into low-Earth orbit by the end of 2018. (7) The Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, in its 2015 Annual Report, urged continuity of purpose noting concerns over the poten-tial for cost overruns and schedule slips that could accompany significant changes to core NASA programs. TITLE III—MAXIMIZING UTILIZATION OF THE ISS AND LOW-EARTH ORBIT 
SEC. 301. OPERATION OF THE ISS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) after 15 years of continuous human presence in low-Earth orbit, the ISS con-tinues to overcome challenges and operate safely; (2) the ISS is a unique testbed for future space exploration systems development, in-cluding long-duration space travel; (3) the expansion of partnerships, scientific research, and commercial applications of the ISS is essential to ensuring the greatest re-turn on investments made by the United States and its international space partners in the development, assembly, and oper-ations of that unique facility; (4) utilization of the ISS will sustain United States leadership and progress in human space exploration by— (A) facilitating the commercialization and economic development of low-Earth orbit; (B) serving as a testbed for technologies and a platform for scientific research and de-velopment; and (C) serving as an orbital facility enabling research upon— (i) the health, well-being, and performance of humans in space; and (ii) the development of in-space systems enabling human space exploration beyond low-Earth orbit; and (5) the ISS provides a platform for funda-mental, microgravity, discovery-based space life and physical sciences research that is critical for enabling space exploration, pro-tecting humans in space, increasing path-ways for commercial space development that depend on advances in basic research, and contributes to advancing science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics re-search. (b) O
BJECTIVES .—The primary objectives of the ISS program shall be— (1) to achieve the long term goal and objec-tives under section 202 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18312); and (2) to pursue a research program that ad-vances knowledge and provides other bene-fits to the Nation. (c) C
ONTINUATION OF THE ISS.—Section 501 of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18351) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 501. CONTINUATION OF THE INTER-NATIONAL SPACE STATION. 
‘‘(a) P OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES .—It shall be the policy of the United States, in consultation with its international partners in the ISS program, to support full and com-plete utilization of the ISS through at least 2024. ‘‘(b) NASA A
CTION .—In furtherance of the policy set forth in subsection (a), NASA shall— ‘‘(1) pursue international, commercial, and intragovernmental means to maximize ISS logistics supply, maintenance, and oper-ational capabilities, reduce risks to ISS sys-tems sustainability, and offset and minimize United States operations costs relating to the ISS; ‘‘(2) utilize, to the extent practicable, the ISS for the development of capabilities and technologies needed for the future of human space exploration beyond low-Earth orbit; and ‘‘(3) utilize, if practical and cost effective, the ISS for Science Mission Directorate mis-sions in low-Earth orbit.’’. SEC. 302. TRANSPORTATION TO ISS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that reliance on foreign carriers for United States crew transfer is unacceptable, and the Nation’s human space flight program must acquire the capability to launch United States gov-ernment astronauts on vehicles using United States rockets from United States soil as soon as is safe, reliable, and affordable to do so. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON COMMERCIAL  C
REW PROGRAM AND COMMERCIAL RESUPPLY  S
ERVICES PROGRAM .—It is the sense of Con-gress that— (1) once developed and certified to meet the Administration’s safety and reliability requirements, United States commercially provided crew transportation systems offer the potential of serving as the primary means of transporting United States govern-ment astronauts and international partner astronauts to and from the ISS and serving as ISS crew rescue vehicles; (2) the budgetary assumptions used by the Administration in its planning for the Com-mercial Crew Program have consistently as-sumed significantly higher funding levels than have been authorized and appropriated by Congress; (3) credibility in the Administration’s budgetary estimates for the Commercial Crew Program can be enhanced by an inde-pendently developed cost estimate; (4) such credibility in budgetary estimates is an important factor in understanding pro-gram risk; (5) United States access to low-Earth orbit is paramount to the continued success of the ISS and ISS National Laboratory; (6) a stable and successful Commercial Re-supply Services Program and Commercial Crew Program are critical to ensuring time-ly provisioning of the ISS and to reestab-lishing the capability to launch United States government astronauts from United States soil into orbit, ending reliance upon Russian transport of United States govern-ment astronauts to the ISS which has not been possible since the retirement of the Space Shuttle program in 2011; (7) NASA should build upon the success of the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Program and Commercial Resupply Services Program that have allowed private sector companies to partner with NASA to deliver cargo and scientific experiments to the ISS since 2012; (8) the 21st Century Launch Complex Pro-gram has enabled significant modernization and infrastructure improvements at launch sites across the United States to support NASA’s Commercial Resupply Services Pro-gram and other civil and commercial space flight missions; and (9) the 21st Century Launch Complex Pro-gram should be continued in a manner that leverages State and private investments to achieve the goals of that program. (c) R
EAFFIRMATION .—Congress reaffirms— (1) its commitment to the use of a commer-cially developed, private sector launch and delivery system to the ISS for crew missions as expressed in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–155; 119 Stat. 2895), the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–422; 122 Stat. 4779), and the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18301 et seq.); and (2) the requirement under section 50111(b)(1)(A) of title 51, United States Code, that the Administration shall make use of United States commercially provided ISS crew transfer and crew rescue services to the maximum extent practicable. (d) USE OF NON-UNITED STATES HUMAN  S
PACE FLIGHT TRANSPORTATION CAPABILI -
TIES.—Section 201(a) of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18311(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) U
SE OF NON-UNITED STATES HUMAN  S
PACE FLIGHT TRANSPORTATION SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Government may not acquire human space flight trans-portation services from a foreign entity un-less— ‘‘(A) no United States Government-oper-ated human space flight capability is avail-able; ‘‘(B) no United States commercial provider is available; and ‘‘(C) it is a qualified foreign entity. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OMMERCIAL PROVIDER .—The term ‘commercial provider’ means any person pro-viding human space flight transportation services, primary control of which is held by persons other than the Federal Government, a State or local government, or a foreign government. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED FOREIGN ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified foreign entity’ means a foreign en-tity that is in compliance with all applicable safety standards and is not prohibited from providing space transportation services under other law. ‘‘(C) U
NITED STATES COMMERCIAL PRO -
VIDER .—The term ‘United States commercial provider’ means a commercial provider, or-ganized under the laws of the United States or of a State, that is more than 50 percent owned by United States nationals. ‘‘(3) A
RRANGEMENTS WITH FOREIGN ENTI -
TIES.—Nothing in this subsection shall pre-vent the Administrator from negotiating or entering into human space flight transpor-tation arrangements with foreign entities to ensure safety of flight and continued ISS op-erations.’’. (e) C
OMMERCIAL CREWPROGRAM .— (1) S
AFETY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall protect the safety of government astronauts by ensuring that each commercially pro-vided transportation system under this sub-section meets all applicable human rating requirements in accordance with section 403(b)(1) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18342(b)(1)). (B) L
ESSONS LEARNED .—Consistent with the findings and recommendations of the Colum-bia Accident Investigation Board, the Ad-ministration shall ensure that safety and the minimization of the probability of loss of crew are the critical priorities of the Com-mercial Crew Program. (2) C
OST MINIMIZATION .—The Administrator shall strive through the competitive selec-tion process to minimize the life cycle cost to the Administration through the planned period of commercially provided crew trans-portation services. (f) C
OMMERCIAL CARGO PROGRAM .—Section 401 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18341) is amended by striking ‘‘Com-mercial Orbital Transportation Services’’ and inserting ‘‘Commercial Resupply Serv-ices’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7062 December 9, 2016 
(g) C OMPETITION .—It is the policy of the United States that, to foster the competitive development, operation, improvement, and commercial availability of space transpor-tation services, and to minimize the life cycle cost to the Administration, the Admin-istrator shall procure services for Federal Government access to and return from the ISS, whenever practicable, via fair and open competition for well-defined, milestone- based, Federal Acquisition Regulation-based contracts under section 201(a) of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18311(a)). (h) T
RANSPARENCY .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that cost transparency and sched-ule transparency aid in effective program management and risk assessment. (2) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, to the greatest extent practicable and in a manner that does not add costs or schedule delays to the program, ensure all Commer-cial Crew Program and Commercial Resup-ply Services Program providers provide evi-dence-based support for their costs and schedules. (i) ISS C
ARGO RESUPPLY SERVICES LESSONS  L
EARNED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that— (1) identifies the lessons learned to date from previous and existing Commercial Re-supply Services contracts; (2) indicates whether changes are needed to the manner in which the Administration pro-cures and manages similar services prior to the issuance of future Commercial Resupply Services procurement opportunities; and (3) identifies any lessons learned from the Commercial Resupply Services contracts that should be applied to the procurement and management of commercially provided crew transfer services to and from the ISS or to other future procurements. 
SEC. 303. ISS TRANSITION PLAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) NASA has been both the primary sup-plier and consumer of human space flight ca-pabilities and services of the ISS and in low- Earth orbit; and (2) according to the National Research Council report ‘‘Pathways to Exploration: Rationales and Approaches for a U.S. Pro-gram of Human Space Exploration’’ extend-ing ISS beyond 2020 to 2024 or 2028 will have significant negative impacts on the schedule of crewed missions to Mars, without signifi-cant increases in funding. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) an orderly transition for United States human space flight activities in low-Earth orbit from the current regime, that relies heavily on NASA sponsorship, to a regime where NASA is one of many customers of a low-Earth orbit commercial human space flight enterprise may be necessary; and (2) decisions about the long-term future of the ISS impact the ability to conduct future deep space exploration activities, and that such decisions regarding the ISS should be considered in the context of the Human Ex-ploration Roadmap under section 432 of this Act. (c) R
EPORTS .—Section 50111 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) ISS T
RANSITION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in coordination with the ISS management enti-ty (as defined in section 2 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Tran-sition Authorization Act of 2016), ISS part-ners, the scientific user community, and the commercial space sector, shall develop a plan to transition in a step-wise approach from the current regime that relies heavily on NASA sponsorship to a regime where NASA could be one of many customers of a low-Earth orbit non-governmental human space flight enterprise. ‘‘(2) REPORTS .—Not later than December 1, 2017, and biennially thereafter until 2023, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a description of the progress in achieving the Administration’s deep space human exploration objectives on ISS and prospects for accomplishing future mission requirements, space exploration objectives, and other research objectives on future com-mercially supplied low-Earth orbit platforms or migration of those objectives to cis-lunar space; ‘‘(B) steps NASA is taking and will take, including demonstrations that could be con-ducted on the ISS, to stimulate and facili-tate commercial demand and supply of prod-ucts and services in low-Earth orbit; ‘‘(C) an identification of barriers pre-venting the commercialization of low-Earth orbit, including issues relating to policy, regulations, commercial intellectual prop-erty, data, and confidentiality, that could in-hibit the use of the ISS as a commercial in-cubator; ‘‘(D) the criteria for defining the ISS as a research success; ‘‘(E) the criteria used to determine wheth-er the ISS is meeting the objective under section 301(b)(2) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Au-thorization Act of 2016; ‘‘(F) an assessment of whether the criteria under subparagraphs (D) and (E) are con-sistent with the research areas defined in, and recommendations and schedules under, the current National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine Decadal Survey on Biological and Physical Sciences in Space; ‘‘(G) any necessary contributions that ISS extension would make to enabling execution of the Human Exploration Roadmap under section 432 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Authoriza-tion Act of 2016; ‘‘(H) the cost estimates for operating the ISS to achieve the criteria required under subparagraphs (D) and (E) and the contribu-tions identified under subparagraph (G); ‘‘(I) the cost estimates for extending oper-ations of the ISS to 2024, 2028, and 2030; ‘‘(J) an evaluation of the feasible and pre-ferred service life of the ISS beyond the pe-riod described in section 503 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353), through at least 2028, as a unique scientific, commercial, and space exploration-related facility, including— ‘‘(i) a general discussion of international partner capabilities and prospects for ex-tending the partnership; ‘‘(ii) the cost associated with extending the service life; ‘‘(iii) an assessment on the technical lim-iting factors of the service life of the ISS, in-cluding a list of critical components and their expected service life and availability; and ‘‘(iv) such other information as may be necessary to fully describe the justification for and feasibility of extending the service life of the ISS, including the potential sci-entific or technological benefits to the Fed-eral Government, public, or to academic or commercial entities; ‘‘(K) an identification of the necessary ac-tions and an estimate of the costs to deorbit the ISS once it has reached the end of its service life; ‘‘(L) the impact on deep space exploration capabilities, including a crewed mission to Mars in the 2030s, if the preferred service life of the ISS is extended beyond 2024 and NASA maintains a flat budget profile; and ‘‘(M) an evaluation of the functions, roles, and responsibilities for management and op-eration of the ISS and a determination of— ‘‘(i) those functions, roles, and responsibil-ities the Federal Government should retain during the lifecycle of the ISS; ‘‘(ii) those functions, roles, and responsibil-ities that could be transferred to the com-mercial space sector; ‘‘(iii) the metrics that would indicate the commercial space sector’s readiness and ability to assume the functions, roles, and responsibilities described in clause (ii); and ‘‘(iv) any necessary changes to any agree-ments or other documents and the law to en-able the activities described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(3) D
EMONSTRATIONS .—If additional Gov-ernment crew, power, and transportation re-sources are available after meeting the Ad-ministration’s requirements for ISS activi-ties defined in the Human Exploration Road-map and related research, demonstrations identified under paragraph (2) may— ‘‘(A) test the capabilities needed to meet future mission requirements, space explo-ration objectives, and other research objec-tives described in paragraph (2)(A); and ‘‘(B) demonstrate or test capabilities, in-cluding commercial modules or deep space habitats, Environmental Control and Life Support Systems, orbital satellite assembly, exploration space suits, a node that enables a wide variety of activity, including multiple commercial modules and airlocks, additional docking or berthing ports for commercial crew and cargo, opportunities for the com-mercial space sector to cost share for trans-portation and other services on the ISS, other commercial activities, or services ob-tained through alternate acquisition ap-proaches.’’. 
SEC. 304. SPACE COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) P LAN.—The Administrator shall develop a plan, in consultation with relevant Federal agencies, to meet the Administration’s pro-jected space communication and navigation needs for low-Earth orbit and deep space op-erations in the 20-year period following the date of enactment of this Act. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall include— (1) the lifecycle cost estimates and a 5-year funding profile; (2) the performance capabilities required to meet the Administration’s projected space communication and navigation needs; (3) the measures the Administration will take to sustain the existing space commu-nications and navigation architecture; (4) an identification of the projected space communications and navigation network and infrastructure needs; (5) a description of the necessary upgrades to meet the needs identified in paragraph (4), including— (A) an estimate of the cost of the upgrades; (B) a schedule for implementing the up-grades; and (C) an assessment of whether and how any related missions will be impacted if re-sources are not secured at the level needed; (6) the cost estimates for the maintenance of existing space communications network capabilities necessary to meet the needs identified in paragraph (4); (7) the criteria for prioritizing resources for the upgrades described in paragraph (5) and the maintenance described in paragraph (6); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7063 December 9, 2016 
(8) an estimate of any reimbursement amounts the Administration may receive from other Federal agencies; (9) an identification of the projected Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System needs in the 20-year period following the date of enactment of this Act, including in sup-port of relevant Federal agencies, and cost and schedule estimates to maintain and up-grade the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System to meet the projected needs; (10) the measures the Administration is taking to meet space communications needs after all Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System third-generation communications satellites are operational; and (11) the measures the Administration is taking to mitigate threats to electro-magnetic spectrum use. (c) S
CHEDULE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit the plan to the ap-propriate committees of Congress. 
SEC. 305. INDEMNIFICATION; NASA LAUNCH SERVICES AND REENTRY SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 20148. Indemnification; NASA launch serv-ices and reentry services ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Under such regulations in conformity with this section as the Ad-ministrator shall prescribe taking into ac-count the availability, cost, and terms of li-ability insurance, any contract between the Administration and a provider may provide that the United States will indemnify the provider against successful claims (including reasonable expenses of litigation or settle-ment) by third parties for death, bodily in-jury, or loss of or damage to property result-ing from launch services and reentry services carried out under the contract that the con-tract defines as unusually hazardous or nu-clear in nature, but only to the extent the total amount of successful claims related to the activities under the contract— ‘‘(1) is more than the amount of insurance or demonstration of financial responsibility described in subsection (c)(3); and ‘‘(2) is not more than the amount specified in section 50915(a)(1)(B). ‘‘(b) T
ERMS OF INDEMNIFICATION .—A con- tract made under subsection (a) that pro-vides indemnification shall provide for— ‘‘(1) notice to the United States of any claim or suit against the provider for death, bodily injury, or loss of or damage to prop-erty; and ‘‘(2) control of or assistance in the defense by the United States, at its election, of that claim or suit and approval of any settlement. ‘‘(c) L
IABILITY INSURANCE OF THE PRO-
VIDER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The provider under sub-section (a) shall obtain liability insurance or demonstrate financial responsibility in amounts to compensate for the maximum probable loss from claims by— ‘‘(A) a third party for death, bodily injury, or property damage or loss resulting from a launch service or reentry service carried out under the contract; and ‘‘(B) the United States Government for damage or loss to Government property re-sulting from a launch service or reentry service carried out under the contract. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM PROBABLE LOSSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall determine the maximum probable losses under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (1) not later than 90 days after the date that the provider requests such a deter-mination and submits all information the Administrator requires. ‘‘(B) R
EVISIONS .—The Administrator may revise a determination under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph if the Administrator determines the revision is warranted based on new information. ‘‘(3) AMOUNT OF INSURANCE .—For the total claims related to one launch or reentry, a provider shall not be required to obtain in-surance or demonstrate financial responsi-bility of more than— ‘‘(A)(i) $500,000,000 under paragraph (1)(A); or ‘‘(ii) $100,000,000 under paragraph (1)(B); or ‘‘(B) the maximum liability insurance available on the world market at reasonable cost. ‘‘(4) C
OVERAGE .—An insurance policy or demonstration of financial responsibility under this subsection shall protect the fol-lowing, to the extent of their potential li-ability for involvement in launch services or reentry services: ‘‘(A) The Government. ‘‘(B) Personnel of the Government. ‘‘(C) Related entities of the Government. ‘‘(D) Related entities of the provider. ‘‘(E) Government astronauts. ‘‘(d) N
OINDEMNIFICATION WITHOUT CROSS- 
WAIVER .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Administrator may not indemnify a pro-vider under this section unless there is a cross-waiver between the Administration and the provider as described in subsection (e). ‘‘(e) C
ROSS-WAIVERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, on behalf of the United States and its depart-ments, agencies, and instrumentalities, shall reciprocally waive claims with a provider under which each party to the waiver agrees to be responsible, and agrees to ensure that its related entities are responsible, for dam-age or loss to its property, or for losses re-sulting from any injury or death sustained by its employees or agents, as a result of ac-tivities arising out of the performance of the contract. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The waiver made by the Government under paragraph (1) shall apply only to the extent that the claims are more than the amount of insurance or demonstra-tion of financial responsibility required under subsection (c)(1)(B). ‘‘(f) W
ILLFUL MISCONDUCT .—Indemnifica-tion under subsection (a) may exclude claims resulting from the willful misconduct of the provider or its related entities. ‘‘(g) C
ERTIFICATION OF JUST AND REASON -
ABLE AMOUNT .—No payment may be made under subsection (a) unless the Adminis-trator or the Administrator’s designee cer-tifies that the amount is just and reasonable. ‘‘(h) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the approval by the Administrator, payments under subsection (a) may be made from funds appropriated for such payments. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Administrator shall not approve payments under paragraph (1), except to the extent provided in an appro-priation law or to the extent additional leg-islative authority is enacted providing for such payments. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS .—If the Administrator requests additional appropria-tions to make payments under this sub-section, then the request for those appropria-tions shall be made in accordance with the procedures established under section 50915. ‘‘(i) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to indem-nify under this section shall not create any rights in third persons that would not other-wise exist by law. ‘‘(2) O
THER AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section may be construed as prohibiting the Administrator from indemnifying a provider or any other NASA contractor under other law, including under Public Law 85–804 (50 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.). ‘‘(3) ANTI-DEFICIENCY ACT .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this sec-tion— ‘‘(A) all obligations under this section are subject to the availability of funds; and ‘‘(B) nothing in this section may be con-strued to require obligation or payment of funds in violation of sections 1341, 1342, 1349 through 1351, and 1511 through 1519 of title 31, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Anti-Deficiency Act’). ‘‘(j) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—The Administrator may not provide indemnifica-tion under this section for an activity that requires a license or permit under chapter 509. ‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) G
OVERNMENT ASTRONAUT .—The term ‘government astronaut’ has the meaning given the term in section 50902. ‘‘(2) L
AUNCH SERVICES .—The term ‘launch services’ has the meaning given the term in section 50902. ‘‘(3) P
ROVIDER .—The term ‘provider’ means a person that provides domestic launch serv-ices or domestic reentry services to the Gov-ernment. ‘‘(4) R
EENTRY SERVICES .—The term ‘reentry services’ has the meaning given the term in section 50902. ‘‘(5) R
ELATED ENTITY .—The term ‘related entity’ means a contractor or subcontractor. ‘‘(6) T
HIRD PARTY .—The term ‘third party’ means a person except— ‘‘(A) the United States Government; ‘‘(B) related entities of the Government in-volved in launch services or reentry services; ‘‘(C) a provider; ‘‘(D) related entities of the provider in-volved in launch services or reentry services; or ‘‘(E) a government astronaut.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for subchapter III of chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 20147 the following: ‘‘20148. Indemnification; NASA launch serv-ices and reentry services.’’. TITLE IV—ADVANCING HUMAN DEEP SPACE EXPLORATION Subtitle A—Human Space Flight and Exploration Goals and Objectives 
SEC. 411. HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT AND EXPLO-RATION LONG-TERM GOALS. 
Section 202(a) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18312(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) L
ONG-TERM GOALS .—The long-term goals of the human space flight and explo-ration efforts of NASA shall be— ‘‘(1) to expand permanent human presence beyond low-Earth orbit and to do so, where practical, in a manner involving inter-national, academic, and industry partners; ‘‘(2) crewed missions and progress toward achieving the goal in paragraph (1) to enable the potential for subsequent human explo-ration and the extension of human presence throughout the solar system; and ‘‘(3) to enable a capability to extend human presence, including potential human habitation on another celestial body and a thriving space economy in the 21st Cen-tury.’’. 
SEC. 412. KEY OBJECTIVES. 
Section 202(b) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18312(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) to achieve human exploration of Mars and beyond through the prioritization of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7064 December 9, 2016 
those technologies and capabilities best suit-ed for such a mission in accordance with the stepping stone approach to exploration under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 413. VISION FOR SPACE EXPLORATION. 
Section 20302 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘in cis- lunar space or’’ after ‘‘sustained human pres-ence’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) F
UTURE EXPLORATION OF MARS.—The Administrator shall manage human space flight programs, including the Space Launch System and Orion, to enable humans to ex-plore Mars and other destinations by defin-ing a series of sustainable steps and con-ducting mission planning, research, and technology development on a timetable that is technically and fiscally possible, con-sistent with section 70504.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) O
RION.—The term ‘Orion’ means the multipurpose crew vehicle described under section 303 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323). ‘‘(2) S
PACE LAUNCH SYSTEM .—The term ‘Space Launch System’ means has the mean-ing given the term in section 3 of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18302).’’. 
SEC. 414. STEPPING STONE APPROACH TO EX-PLORATION. 
Section 70504 of title 51, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70504. Stepping stone approach to explo-ration ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administration may conduct missions to intermediate des-tinations, including the surface of the Moon, cis-lunar space, near-Earth asteroids, Lagrangian points, and Martian moons, in a series of sustainable steps in accordance with section 20302(b) of title 51, United States Code, in order to achieve the objec-tive of human exploration of Mars specified in section 202(b)(5) of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18312(b)(5)). ‘‘(b) C
OST-EFFECTIVENESS .—In order to maximize the cost-effectiveness of the long- term space exploration and utilization ac-tivities of the United States, the Adminis-trator shall take all necessary steps, includ-ing engaging international, academic, and industry partners, to ensure that activities in the Administration’s human space explo-ration program balance how those activities might also help meet the requirements of fu-ture exploration and utilization activities leading to human habitation on the surface of Mars. ‘‘(c) C
OMPLETION .—Within budgetary con-siderations, once an exploration-related project enters its development phase, the Ad-ministrator shall seek, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, to complete that project without undue delays. ‘‘(d) I
NTERNATIONAL PARTICIPATION .—In order to achieve the goal of successfully con-ducting a crewed mission to the surface of Mars, the President may invite the United States partners in the ISS program and other nations, as appropriate, to participate in an international initiative under the lead-ership of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 415. UPDATE OF EXPLORATION PLAN AND PROGRAMS. 
Section 70502(2) of title 51, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) implement an exploration research and technology development program to en-able human and robotic operations con-sistent with section 20302(b) of this title;’’. SEC. 416. REPEALS. 
(a) S PACE SHUTTLE CAPABILITY ASSUR -
ANCE .—Section 203 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18313) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (b); (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and (3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively. (b) S
HUTTLE PRICING POLICY FOR COMMER -
CIAL AND FOREIGN USERS.—Chapter 703 of title 51, United States Code, and the item re-lating to that chapter in the table of chap-ters for that title, are repealed. (c) S
HUTTLE PRIVATIZATION .—Section 50133 of title 51, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the table of sec-tions for chapter 501 of that title, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 417. ASSURED ACCESS TO SPACE. 
Section 70501 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—In order to en-sure continuous United States participation and leadership in the exploration and utiliza-tion of space and as an essential instrument of national security, it is the policy of the United States to maintain an uninterrupted capability for human space flight and oper-ations— ‘‘(1) in low-Earth orbit; and ‘‘(2) beyond low-Earth orbit once the capa-bilities described in section 421(e) of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Transition Authorization Act of 2016 be-come available.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Com-mittee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate describing the progress being made toward developing the Crew Explo-ration Vehicle and the Crew Launch Vehi-cle’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives describing the progress being made toward developing the Space Launch System and Orion’’. Subtitle B—Assuring Core Capabilities for Exploration 
SEC. 421. SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM, ORION, AND EXPLORATION GROUND SYSTEMS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) NASA has made steady progress in de-veloping and testing the Space Launch Sys-tem and Orion exploration systems with the successful Exploration Flight Test of Orion in December of 2014, the final qualification test firing of the 5-segment Space Launch System boosters in June 2016, and a full thrust, full duration test firing of the RS–25 Space Launch System core stage engine in August 2016. (2) Through the 21st Century Launch Com-plex program and Exploration Ground Sys-tems programs, NASA has made significant progress in transforming exploration ground systems infrastructure to meet NASA’s mis-sion requirements for the Space Launch Sys-tem and Orion and to modernize NASA’s launch complexes to the benefit of the civil, defense, and commercial space sectors. (b) S
PACE LAUNCH SYSTEM .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Space Launch System is the most practical approach to reaching the Moon, Mars, and beyond. (2) REAFFIRMATION .—Congress reaffirms the policy and minimum capability require-ments for the Space Launch System under section 302 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322). (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON SPACE LAUNCH  S
YSTEM , ORION, AND EXPLORATION GROUND  S
YSTEMS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) as the United States works to send hu-mans on a series of missions to Mars in the 2030s, the United States national space pro-gram should continue to make progress on its commitment by fully developing the Space Launch System, Orion, and related Exploration Ground Systems; (2) using the Space Launch System and Orion for a wide range of contemplated mis-sions will facilitate the national defense, science, and exploration objectives of the United States; (3) the United States should have con-tinuity of purpose for the Space Launch Sys-tem and Orion in deep space exploration mis-sions, using them beginning with the uncrewed mission, EM–1, planned for 2018, followed by the crewed mission, EM–2, in cis- lunar space planned for 2021, and for subse-quent missions beginning with EM–3 extend-ing into cis-lunar space and eventually to Mars; (4) the President’s annual budget requests for the Space Launch System and Orion de-velopment, test, and operational phases should strive to accurately reflect the re-source requirements of each of those phases; (5) the fully integrated Space Launch Sys-tem, including an upper stage needed to go beyond low-Earth orbit, will safely enable human space exploration of the Moon, Mars, and beyond; and (6) the Administrator should budget for and undertake a robust ground test and uncrewed and crewed flight test and dem-onstration program for the Space Launch System and Orion in order to promote safety and reduce programmatic risk. (d) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall continue development of the fully integrated Space Launch System, including an upper stage needed to go beyond low-Earth orbit, in order to safely enable human space explo-ration of the Moon, Mars, and beyond over the course of the next century as required in section 302(c) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322(c)). (e) E
XPLORATION MISSIONS .—The Adminis-trator shall continue development of— (1) an uncrewed exploration mission to demonstrate the capability of both the Space Launch System and Orion as an integrated system by 2018; (2) subject to applicable human rating processes and requirements, a crewed explo-ration mission to demonstrate the Space Launch System, including the Core Stage and Exploration Upper Stages, by 2021; (3) subsequent missions beginning with EM–3 at operational flight rate sufficient to maintain safety and operational readiness using the Space Launch System and Orion to extend into cis-lunar space and eventually to Mars; and (4) a deep space habitat as a key element in a deep space exploration architecture along with the Space Launch System and Orion. (f) O
THER USES.—The Administrator shall assess the utility of the Space Launch Sys-tem for use by the science community and for other Federal Government launch needs, including consideration of overall cost and schedule savings from reduced transit times and increased science returns enabled by the unique capabilities of the Space Launch Sys-tem. (g) U
TILIZATION REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7065 December 9, 2016 
and the Director of National Intelligence, shall prepare a report that addresses the ef-fort and budget required to enable and uti-lize a cargo variant of the 130-ton Space Launch System configuration described in section 302(c) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322(c)). (2) C
ONTENTS .—In preparing the report, the Administrator shall— (A) consider the technical requirements of the scientific and national security commu-nities related to a cargo variant of the Space Launch System; and (B) directly assess the utility and esti-mated cost savings obtained by using a cargo variant of the Space Launch System for na-tional security and space science missions. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit the report to the appropriate committees of Con-gress. Subtitle C—Journey to Mars 
SEC. 431. FINDINGS ON HUMAN SPACE EXPLO-RATION. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In accordance with section 204 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (124 Stat. 2813), the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, through its Com-mittee on Human Spaceflight, conducted a review of the goals, core capabilities, and di-rection of human space flight, and published the findings and recommendations in a 2014 report entitled, ‘‘Pathways to Exploration: Rationales and Approaches for a U.S. Pro-gram of Human Space Exploration’’. (2) The Committee on Human Spaceflight included leaders from the aerospace, sci-entific, security, and policy communities. (3) With input from the public, the Com-mittee on Human Spaceflight concluded that many practical and aspirational rationales for human space flight together constitute a compelling case for continued national in-vestment and pursuit of human space explo-ration toward the horizon goal of Mars. (4) According to the Committee on Human Spaceflight, the rationales include economic benefits, national security, national pres-tige, inspiring students and other citizens, scientific discovery, human survival, and a sense of shared destiny. (5) The Committee on Human Spaceflight affirmed that Mars is the appropriate long- term goal for the human space flight pro-gram. (6) The Committee on Human Spaceflight recommended that NASA define a series of sustainable steps and conduct mission plan-ning and technology development as needed to achieve the long-term goal of placing hu-mans on the surface of Mars. (7) Expanding human presence beyond low- Earth orbit and advancing toward human missions to Mars requires early planning and timely decisions to be made in the near-term on the necessary courses of action for com-mitments to achieve short-term and long- term goals and objectives. (8) In addition to the 2014 report described in paragraph (1), there are several independ-ently developed reports or concepts that de-scribe potential Mars architectures or con-cepts and identify Mars as the long-term goal for human space exploration, including NASA’s ‘‘The Global Exploration Roadmap’’ of 2013, ‘‘NASA’s Journey to Mars–Pio-neering Next Steps in Space Exploration’’ of 2015, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory’s ‘‘Minimal Architecture for Human Journeys to Mars’’ of 2015, and Explore Mars’ ‘‘The Hu-mans to Mars Report 2016’’. 
SEC. 432. HUMAN EXPLORATION ROADMAP. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) expanding human presence beyond low- Earth orbit and advancing toward human missions to Mars in the 2030s requires early strategic planning and timely decisions to be made in the near-term on the necessary courses of action for commitments to achieve short-term and long-term goals and objectives; (2) for strong and sustained United States leadership, a need exists to advance a human exploration roadmap, addressing exploration objectives in collaboration with inter-national, academic, and industry partners; (3) an approach that incrementally ad-vances toward a long-term goal is one in which nearer-term developments and imple-mentation would influence future develop-ment and implementation; and (4) a human exploration roadmap should begin with low-Earth orbit, then address in greater detail progress beyond low-Earth orbit to cis-lunar space, and then address fu-ture missions aimed at human arrival and activities near and then on the surface of Mars. (b) HUMAN EXPLORATION ROADMAP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall develop a human exploration roadmap, in-cluding a critical decision plan, to expand human presence beyond low-Earth orbit to the surface of Mars and beyond, considering potential interim destinations such as cis- lunar space and the moons of Mars. (2) S
COPE.—The human exploration road-map shall include— (A) an integrated set of exploration, science, and other goals and objectives of a United States human space exploration pro-gram to achieve the long-term goal of human missions near or on the surface of Mars in the 2030s; (B) opportunities for international, aca-demic, and industry partnerships for explo-ration-related systems, services, research, and technology if those opportunities pro-vide cost-savings, accelerate program sched-ules, or otherwise benefit the goals and ob-jectives developed under subparagraph (A); (C) sets and sequences of precursor mis-sions in cis-lunar space and other missions or activities necessary— (i) to demonstrate the proficiency of the capabilities and technologies identified under subparagraph (D); and (ii) to meet the goals and objectives devel-oped under subparagraph (A), including an-ticipated timelines and missions for the Space Launch System and Orion; (D) an identification of the specific capa-bilities and technologies, including the Space Launch System, Orion, a deep space habitat, and other capabilities, that facili-tate the goals and objectives developed under subparagraph (A); (E) a description of how cis-lunar elements, objectives, and activities advance the human exploration of Mars; (F) an assessment of potential human health and other risks, including radiation exposure; (G) mitigation plans, whenever possible, to address the risks identified in subparagraph (F); (H) a description of those technologies al-ready under development across the Federal Government or by other entities that facili-tate the goals and objectives developed under subparagraph (A); (I) a specific process for the evolution of the capabilities of the fully integrated Orion with the Space Launch System and a de-scription of how these systems facilitate the goals and objectives developed under sub-paragraph (A) and demonstrate the capabili-ties and technologies described in subpara-graph (D); (J) a description of the capabilities and technologies that need to be demonstrated or research data that could be gained through the utilization of the ISS and the status of the development of such capabilities and technologies; (K) a framework for international coopera-tion in the development of all capabilities and technologies identified under this sec-tion, including an assessment of the risks posed by relying on international partners for capabilities and technologies on the crit-ical path of development; (L) a process for partnering with non-governmental entities using Space Act Agreements or other acquisition instruments for future human space exploration; and (M) include information on the phasing of planned intermediate destinations, Mars mission risk areas and potential risk mitiga-tion approaches, technology requirements and phasing of required technology develop-ment activities, the management strategy to be followed, related ISS activities, planned international collaborative activities, poten-tial commercial contributions, and other ac-tivities relevant to the achievement of the goal established in this section. (3) CONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the human exploration roadmap, the Adminis-trator shall consider— (A) using key exploration capabilities, namely the Space Launch System and Orion; (B) using existing commercially available technologies and capabilities or those tech-nologies and capabilities being developed by industry for commercial purposes; (C) establishing an organizational ap-proach to ensure collaboration and coordina-tion among NASA’s Mission Directorates under section 821, when appropriate, includ-ing to collect and return to Earth a sample from the Martian surface; (D) building upon the initial uncrewed mis-sion, EM–1, and first crewed mission, EM–2, of the Space Launch System and Orion to es-tablish a sustainable cadence of missions ex-tending human exploration missions into cis- lunar space, including anticipated timelines and milestones; (E) developing the robotic and precursor missions and activities that will dem-onstrate, test, and develop key technologies and capabilities essential for achieving human missions to Mars, including long-du-ration human operations beyond low-Earth orbit, space suits, solar electric propulsion, deep space habitats, environmental control life support systems, Mars lander and ascent vehicle, entry, descent, landing, ascent, Mars surface systems, and in-situ resource utiliza-tion; (F) demonstrating and testing 1 or more habitat modules in cis-lunar space to prepare for Mars missions; (G) using public-private, firm fixed-price partnerships, where practicable; (H) collaborating with international, aca-demic, and industry partners, when appro-priate; (I) any risks to human health and sensitive onboard technologies, including radiation exposure; (J) any risks identified through research outcomes under the NASA Human Research Program’s Behavioral Health Element; and (K) the recommendations and ideas of sev-eral independently developed reports or con-cepts that describe potential Mars architec-tures or concepts and identify Mars as the long-term goal for human space exploration, including the reports described under section 431. (4) C
RITICAL DECISION PLAN ON HUMAN SPACE  
EXPLORATION .—As part of the human explo-ration roadmap, the Administrator shall in-clude a critical decision plan— (A) identifying and defining key decisions guiding human space exploration priorities and plans that need to be made before June 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7066 December 9, 2016 
30, 2020, including decisions that may guide human space exploration capability develop-ment, precursor missions, long-term mis-sions, and activities; (B) defining decisions needed to maximize efficiencies and resources for reaching the near, intermediate, and long-term goals and objectives of human space exploration; and (C) identifying and defining timelines and milestones for a sustainable cadence of mis-sions beginning with EM–3 for the Space Launch System and Orion to extend human exploration from cis-lunar space to the sur-face of Mars. (5) R
EPORTS .— (A) I
NITIAL HUMAN EXPLORATION ROADMAP .— The Administrator shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress— (i) an initial human exploration roadmap, including a critical decision plan, before De-cember 1, 2017; and (ii) an updated human exploration roadmap periodically as the Administrator considers necessary but not less than biennially. (B) C
ONTENTS .—Each human exploration roadmap under this paragraph shall include a description of— (i) the achievements and goals accom-plished in the process of developing such ca-pabilities and technologies during the 2-year period prior to the submission of the human exploration roadmap; and (ii) the expected goals and achievements in the following 2- year period. (C) S
UBMISSION WITH BUDGET .—Each human exploration roadmap under this section shall be included in the budget for that fiscal year transmitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 
SEC. 433. ADVANCED SPACE SUIT CAPABILITY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a detailed plan for achieving an ad-vanced space suit capability that aligns with the crew needs for exploration enabled by the Space Launch System and Orion, includ-ing an evaluation of the merit of delivering the planned suit system for use on the ISS. 
SEC. 434. ASTEROID ROBOTIC REDIRECT MIS-SION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) NASA initially estimated that the As-teroid Robotic Redirect Mission would launch in December 2020 and cost no more than $1,250,000,000, excluding launch and op-erations. (2) On July 15, 2016, NASA conducted its Key Decision Point–B review of the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission or approval for Phase B in mission formulation. (3) During the Key Decision Point–B re-view, NASA estimated that costs have grown to $1,400,000,000 excluding launch and oper-ations for a launch in December 2021 and the agency must evaluate whether to accept the increase or reduce the Asteroid Robotic Re-direct Mission’s scope to stay within the cost cap set by the Administrator. (4) In April 2015, the NASA Advisory Coun-cil— (A) issued a finding that— (i) high-performance solar electric propul-sion will likely be an important part of an architecture to send humans to Mars; and (ii) maneuvering a large test mass is not necessary to provide a valid in-space test of a new solar electric propulsion stage; (B) determined that a solar electric propul-sion mission will contribute more directly to the goal of sending humans to Mars if the mission is focused entirely on development and validation of the solar electric propul-sion stage; and (C) determined that other possible motiva-tions for acquiring and maneuvering a boul-der, such as asteroid science and planetary defense, do not have value commensurate with their probable cost. (5) The Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission is competing for resources with other crit-ical exploration development programs, in-cluding the Space Launch System, Orion, commercial crew, and a habitation module. (6) In 2014, the NASA Advisory Council rec-ommended that NASA conduct an inde-pendent cost and technical assessment of the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission. (7) In 2015, the NASA Advisory Council rec-ommended that NASA preserve the following key objectives if the program needed to be descoped: (A) Development of high power solar elec-tric propulsion. (B) Ability to maneuver in a low gravity environment in deep space. (8) In January 2015 and July 2015, the NASA Advisory Council expressed its con-cern to NASA about the potential for grow-ing costs for the program and highlighted that choices would need to be made about the program’s content. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the technological and scientific goals of the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission may not be commensurate with the cost; and (2) alternative missions may provide a more cost effective and scientifically bene-ficial means to demonstrate the technologies needed for a human mission to Mars that would otherwise be demonstrated by the As-teroid Robotic Redirect Mission. (c) E
VALUATION AND REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) conduct an evaluation of— (A) alternative approaches to the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission for demonstrating the technologies and capabilities needed for a human mission to Mars that would other-wise be demonstrated by the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission; (B) the scientific and technical benefits of the alternative approaches under subpara-graph (A) to future human space exploration compared to scientific and technical benefits of the Asteroid Redirect Robotic Mission; (C) the commercial benefits of the alter-native approaches identified in subparagraph (A), including the impact on the develop-ment of domestic solar electric propulsion technology to bolster United States competi-tiveness in the global marketplace; and (D) a comparison of the estimated costs of the alternative approaches identified in sub-paragraph (A); and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the evaluation under paragraph (1), including any recommenda-tions. 
SEC. 435. MARS 2033 REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall contract with an inde-pendent, non-governmental systems engi-neering and technical assistance organiza-tion to study a Mars human space flight mis-sion to be launched in 2033. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall include— (1) a technical development, test, fielding, and operations plan using the Space Launch System, Orion, and other systems to success-fully launch such a Mars human space flight mission by 2033; (2) an annual budget profile, including cost estimates, for the technical development, test, fielding, and operations plan to carry out a Mars human space flight mission by 2033; and (3) a comparison of the annual budget pro-file to the 5-year budget profile contained in the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2017 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the study, including findings and recommenda-tions regarding the Mars 2033 human space flight mission described in subsection (a). (d) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date the report is submitted under subsection (c), the Administrator shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress an assessment by the NASA Advisory Council of whether the proposal for a Mars human space flight mission to be launched in 2033 is in the strategic interests of the United States in space exploration. Subtitle D—TREAT Astronauts Act 
SEC. 441. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘To Re-search, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astro-nauts Act’’ or the ‘‘TREAT Astronauts Act’’. 
SEC. 442. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Human space exploration can pose sig-nificant challenges and is full of substantial risk, which has ultimately claimed the lives of 24 National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration astronauts serving in the line of duty. (2) As United States government astro-nauts participate in long-duration and explo-ration space flight missions they may experi-ence increased health risks, such as vision impairment, bone demineralization, and be-havioral health and performance risks, and may be exposed to galactic cosmic radiation. Exposure to high levels of radiation and microgravity can result in acute and long- term health consequences that can increase the risk of cancer and tissue degeneration and have potential effects on the musculo-skeletal system, central nervous system, cardiovascular system, immune function, and vision. (3) To advance the goal of long-duration and exploration space flight missions, United States government astronaut Scott Kelly participated in a 1-year twins study in space while his identical twin brother, former United States government astronaut Mark Kelly, acted as a human control specimen on Earth, providing an understanding of the physical, behavioral, microbiological, and molecular reaction of the human body to an extended period of time in space. (4) Since the Administration currently pro-vides medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment for United States government as-tronauts during their active employment, given the unknown long-term health con-sequences of long-duration space explo-ration, the Administration has requested statutory authority from Congress to pro-vide medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment to former United States govern-ment astronauts for psychological and med-ical conditions associated with human space flight. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should continue to seek the unknown and lead the world in space exploration and scientific discovery as the Administration prepares for long-dura-tion and exploration space flight in deep space and an eventual mission to Mars; (2) data relating to the health of astro-nauts will become increasingly valuable to improving our understanding of many dis-eases humans face on Earth; (3) the Administration should provide the type of monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment described in subsection (a) only for condi-tions the Administration considers unique to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7067 December 9, 2016 
the training or exposure to the space flight environment of United States government astronauts and should not require any former United States Government astro-nauts to participate in the Administration’s monitoring; (4) such monitoring, diagnosis, and treat-ment should not replace a former United States government astronaut’s private health insurance; (5) expanded data acquired from such moni-toring, diagnosis, and treatment should be used to tailor treatment, inform the require-ments for new space flight medical hard-ware, and develop controls in order to pre-vent disease occurrence in the astronaut corps; and (6) the 340-day space mission of Scott Kelly aboard the ISS— (A) was pivotal for the goal of the United States for humans to explore deep space and Mars as the mission generated new insight into how the human body adjusts to weightlessness, isolation, radiation, and the stress of long-duration space flight; and (B) will help support the physical and men-tal well-being of astronauts during longer space exploration missions in the future. 
SEC. 443. MEDICAL MONITORING AND RESEARCH RELATING TO HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, as amend-ed by section 305 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 20149. Medical monitoring and research re-lating to human space flight ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may provide for— ‘‘(1) the medical monitoring and diagnosis of a former United States government astro-naut or a former payload specialist for condi-tions that the Administrator considers po-tentially associated with human space flight; and ‘‘(2) the treatment of a former United States government astronaut or a former payload specialist for conditions that the Administrator considers associated with human space flight, including scientific and medical tests for psychological and medical conditions. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) N
O COST SHARING .—The medical moni-toring, diagnosis, or treatment described in subsection (a) shall be provided without any deductible, copayment, or other cost sharing obligation. ‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO LOCAL SERVICES .—The med- ical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment described in subsection (a) may be provided by a local health care provider if it is unadvisable due to the health of the applica-ble former United States government astro-naut or former payload specialist for that former United States government astronaut or former payload specialist to travel to the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, as deter-mined by the Administrator. ‘‘(3) S
ECONDARY PAYMENT .—Payment or re-imbursement for the medical monitoring, di-agnosis, or treatment described in subsection (a) shall be secondary to any obligation of the United States Government or any third party under any other provision of law or contractual agreement to pay for or provide such medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treat-ment. Any costs for items and services that may be provided by the Administrator for medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment under subsection (a) that are not paid for or provided under such other provision of law or contractual agreement, due to the applica-tion of deductibles, copayments, coinsur-ance, other cost sharing, or otherwise, are reimbursable by the Administrator on behalf of the former United States government as-tronaut or former payload specialist in-volved to the extent such items or services are authorized to be provided by the Admin-istrator for such medical monitoring, diag-nosis, or treatment under subsection (a). ‘‘(4) CONDITIONAL PAYMENT .—The Adminis-trator may provide for conditional payments for or provide medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment described in subsection (a) that is obligated to be paid for or provided by the United States or any third party under any other provision of law or contractual agree-ment to pay for or provide such medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment if— ‘‘(A) payment for (or the provision of) such medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment services has not been made (or provided) or cannot reasonably be expected to be made (or provided) promptly by the United States or such third party, respectively; and ‘‘(B) such payment (or such provision of services) by the Administrator is conditioned on reimbursement by the United States or such third party, respectively, for such med-ical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment. ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSIONS .—The Administrator may not— ‘‘(1) provide for medical monitoring or di-agnosis of a former United States govern-ment astronaut or former payload specialist under subsection (a) for any psychological or medical condition that is not potentially as-sociated with human space flight; ‘‘(2) provide for treatment of a former United States government astronaut or former payload specialist under subsection (a) for any psychological or medical condi-tion that is not associated with human space flight; or ‘‘(3) require a former United States govern-ment astronaut or former payload specialist to participate in the medical monitoring, di-agnosis, or treatment authorized under sub-section (a). ‘‘(d) P
RIVACY .—Consistent with applicable provisions of Federal law relating to privacy, the Administrator shall protect the privacy of all medical records generated under sub-section (a) and accessible to the Administra-tion. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Administrator shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITION OF UNITED STATES GOVERN -
MENT ASTRONAUT .—In this section, the term ‘United States government astronaut’ has the meaning given the term ‘government as-tronaut’ in section 50902, except it does not include an individual who is an international partner astronaut. ‘‘(g) D
ATA USE AND DISCLOSURE .—The Ad- ministrator may use or disclose data ac-quired in the course of medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment of a former United States government astronaut or a former payload specialist under subsection (a), in accordance with subsection (d). Former United States government astronaut or former payload specialist participation in medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment under subsection (a) shall constitute consent for the Administrator to use or disclose such data.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, as amended by section 305 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 20148 the following: ‘‘20149. Medical monitoring and research re-lating to human space flight.’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each fiscal year, not later than the date of submission of the Presi-dent’s annual budget request for that fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator shall publish a report, in accordance with applicable Fed-eral privacy laws, on the activities of the Ad-ministration under section 20149 of title 51, United States Code. (2) CONTENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include a detailed cost ac-counting of the Administration’s activities under section 20149 of title 51, United States Code, and a 5-year budget estimate. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Admin-istrator shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress each report under para-graph (1) not later than the date of submis-sion of the President’s annual budget request for that fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. (d) C
OSTESTIMATE .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall enter into an arrange-ment with an independent external organiza-tion to undertake an independent cost esti-mate of the cost to the Administration and the Federal Government to implement and administer the activities of the Administra-tion under section 20149 of title 51, United States Code. The independent external orga-nization may not be a NASA entity, such as the Office of Safety and Mission Assurance. (2) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the independent cost estimate under para-graph (1). (e) P
RIVACY STUDY .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Administrator shall carry out a study on any potential privacy or legal issues related to the possible sharing beyond the Federal Government of data acquired under the activities of the Administration under section 20149 of title 51, United States Code. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing the results of the study carried out under paragraph (1). (f) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT.—The Inspec-tor General of NASA shall periodically audit or review, as the Inspector General considers necessary to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse, the activities of the Administration under section 20149 of title 51, United States Code. TITLE V—ADVANCING SPACE SCIENCE 
SEC. 501. MAINTAINING A BALANCED SPACE SCIENCE PORTFOLIO. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON SCIENCE PORT-
FOLIO .—Congress reaffirms the sense of Con-gress that— (1) a balanced and adequately funded set of activities, consisting of research and anal-ysis grant programs, technology develop-ment, suborbital research activities, and small, medium, and large space missions, contributes to a robust and productive science program and serves as a catalyst for innovation and discovery; and (2) the Administrator should set science priorities by following the guidance provided by the scientific community through the Na-tional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine’s decadal surveys. (b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to ensure, to the extent practicable, a steady cadence of large, medium, and small science missions. 
SEC. 502. PLANETARY SCIENCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) Administration support for planetary science is critical to enabling greater under-standing of the solar system and the origin of the Earth; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7068 December 9, 2016 
(2) the United States leads the world in planetary science and can augment its suc-cess in that area with appropriate inter-national, academic, and industry partner-ships; (3) a mix of small, medium, and large plan-etary science missions is required to sustain a steady cadence of planetary exploration; and (4) robotic planetary exploration is a key component of preparing for future human ex-ploration. (b) M
ISSION PRIORITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with the priorities established in the most recent Planetary Science Decadal Survey, the Ad-ministrator shall ensure, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, the completion of a bal-anced set of Discovery, New Frontiers, and Flagship missions at the cadence rec-ommended by the most recent Planetary Science Decadal Survey. (2) M
ISSION PRIORITY ADJUSTMENTS .—Con- sistent with the set of missions described in paragraph (1), and while maintaining the continuity of scientific data and steady de-velopment of capabilities and technologies, the Administrator may seek, if necessary, adjustments to mission priorities, schedule, and scope in light of changing budget projec-tions. 
SEC. 503. JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the James Webb Space Telescope will— (A) significantly advance our under-standing of star and planet formation, and improve our knowledge of the early universe; and (B) support United States leadership in as-trophysics; (2) consistent with annual Government Ac-countability Office reviews of the James Webb Space Telescope program, the Admin-istrator should continue robust surveillance of the performance of the James Webb Space Telescope project and continue to improve the reliability of cost estimates and con-tractor performance data and other major space flight projects in order to enhance NASA’s ability to successfully deliver the James Webb Space Telescope on-time and within budget; (3) the on-time and on-budget delivery of the James Webb Space Telescope is a high congressional priority; and (4) the Administrator should ensure that integrated testing is appropriately timed and sufficiently comprehensive to enable poten-tial issues to be identified and addressed early enough to be handled within the James Webb Space Telescope’s development sched-ule and prior to its launch. 
SEC. 504. WIDE-FIELD INFRARED SURVEY TELE-SCOPE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Tele-scope (referred to in this section as ‘‘WFIRST’’) mission has the potential to en-able scientific discoveries that will trans-form our understanding of the universe; and (2) the Administrator, to the extent prac-ticable, should make progress on the tech-nologies and capabilities needed to position the Administration to meet the objectives, as outlined in the 2010 National Academies’ Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal Sur-vey, in a way that maximizes the scientific productivity of meeting those objectives for the resources invested. (b) C
ONTINUITY OF DEVELOPMENT .—The Ad- ministrator shall ensure that the concept definition and pre-formulation activities of the WFIRST mission continue while the James Webb Space Telescope is being com-pleted. 
SEC. 505. MARS 2020 ROVER. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Mars 2020 mission, to develop a Mars rover and to enable the return of sam-ples to Earth, should remain a priority for NASA; and (2) the Mars 2020 mission— (A) should significantly increase our un-derstanding of Mars; (B) should help determine whether life pre-viously existed on that planet; and (C) should provide opportunities to gather knowledge and demonstrate technologies that address the challenges of future human expeditions to Mars. SEC. 506. EUROPA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Studies of Europa, Jupiter’s moon, indi-cate that Europa may provide a habitable environment, as it contains key ingredients known to support life. (2) In 2012, using the Hubble Space Tele-scope, NASA scientists observed water vapor around the south polar region of Europa, which provides potential evidence of water plumes in that region. (3) For decades, the Europa mission has consistently ranked as a high priority mis-sion for the scientific community. (4) The Europa mission was ranked as the top priority mission in the previous Plan-etary Science Decadal Survey and ranked as the second-highest priority in the current Planetary Science Decadal Survey. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Europa mission could provide an-other avenue in which to capitalize on our Nation’s current investment in the Space Launch System that would significantly re-duce the transit time for such a deep space mission; and (2) a scientific, robotic exploration mission to Europa, as prioritized in both Planetary Science Decadal Surveys, should be sup-ported. 
SEC. 507. CONGRESSIONAL DECLARATION OF POLICY AND PURPOSE. 
Section 20102(d) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) The search for life’s origin, evolution, distribution, and future in the universe.’’. 
SEC. 508. EXTRASOLAR PLANET EXPLORATION STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to develop a science strategy for the study and exploration of extrasolar plan-ets, including the use of the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite, the James Webb Space Telescope, a potential Wide-Field In-frared Survey Telescope mission, or any other telescope, spacecraft, or instrument, as appropriate. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The strategy shall— (A) outline key scientific questions; (B) identify the most promising research in the field; (C) indicate the extent to which the mis-sion priorities in existing decadal surveys address the key extrasolar planet research and exploration goals; (D) identify opportunities for coordination with international partners, commercial partners, and not-for-profit partners; and (E) make recommendations regarding the activities under subparagraphs (A) through (D), as appropriate. (b) U
SE OF STRATEGY .—The Administrator shall use the strategy— (1) to inform roadmaps, strategic plans, and other activities of the Administration as they relate to extrasolar planet research and exploration; and (2) to provide a foundation for future ac-tivities and initiatives related to extrasolar planet research and exploration. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Academies shall submit to the Administrator and to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing the strategy developed under subsection (a). 
SEC. 509. ASTROBIOLOGY STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to develop a science strategy for astrobiology that would outline key sci-entific questions, identify the most prom-ising research in the field, and indicate the extent to which the mission priorities in ex-isting decadal surveys address the search for life’s origin, evolution, distribution, and fu-ture in the Universe. (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The strategy shall include recommendations for coordination with international partners. (b) U
SE OF STRATEGY .—The Administrator shall use the strategy developed under sub-section (a) in planning and funding research and other activities and initiatives in the field of astrobiology. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Academies shall submit to the Administrator and to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing the strategy developed under subsection (a). 
SEC. 510. ASTROBIOLOGY PUBLIC-PRIVATE PART-NERSHIPS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing how the Ad-ministration can expand collaborative part-nerships to study life’s origin, evolution, dis-tribution, and future in the universe. 
SEC. 511. NEAR-EARTH OBJECTS. 
Section 321 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2005 (51 U.S.C. note prec. 71101) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ROGRAM REPORT .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Transition Authorization Act of 2016, an initial report that provides— ‘‘(1) recommendations for carrying out the Survey program and an associated proposed budget; ‘‘(2) an analysis of possible options that the Administration could employ to divert an object on a likely collision course with Earth; and ‘‘(3) a description of the status of efforts to coordinate and cooperate with other coun-tries to discover hazardous asteroids and comets, plan a mitigation strategy, and im-plement that strategy in the event of the discovery of an object on a likely collision course with Earth. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—After the initial re-port under subsection (e), the Administrator shall annually transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— ‘‘(1) a summary of all activities carried out under subsection (d) since the date of enact-ment of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2016, including the progress toward achieving 90 percent completion of the sur-vey described in subsection (d); and ‘‘(2) a summary of expenditures for all ac-tivities carried out under subsection (d) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7069 December 9, 2016 
since the date of enactment of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Tran-sition Authorization Act of 2016. ‘‘(g) A
SSESSMENT .—The Administrator, in collaboration with other relevant Federal agencies, shall carry out a technical and sci-entific assessment of the capabilities and re-sources— ‘‘(1) to accelerate the survey described in subsection (d); and ‘‘(2) to expand the Administration’s Near- Earth Object Program to include the detec-tion, tracking, cataloguing, and character-ization of potentially hazardous near-Earth objects less than 140 meters in diameter. ‘‘(h) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Transition Authorization Act of 2016, the Administrator shall transmit the results of the assessment under subsection (g) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 512. NEAR-EARTH OBJECTS PUBLIC-PRI-VATE PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Administration should seek to leverage the capabilities of the pri-vate sector and philanthropic organizations to the maximum extent practicable in car-rying out the Near-Earth Object Survey Pro-gram in order to meet the goal of that pro-gram under section 321(d)(1) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2005 (51 U.S.C. note prec. 71101(d)(1)). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing how the Administration can expand collabo-rative partnerships to detect, track, cata-logue, and categorize near-Earth objects. 
SEC. 513. ASSESSMENT OF SCIENCE MISSION EX-TENSIONS. 
Section 30504 of title 51, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 30504. Assessment of science mission exten-sions ‘‘(a) A
SSESSMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall carry out triennial reviews within each of the Science divisions to assess the cost and benefits of extending the date of the termi-nation of data collection for those missions that exceed their planned missions’ lifetime. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting an as-sessment under paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator shall consider whether and how ex-tending missions impacts the start of future missions. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION AND CONSIDERATION OF  P
OTENTIAL BENEFITS OF INSTRUMENTS ON MIS-
SIONS .—When deciding whether to extend a mission that has an operational component, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) consult with any affected Federal agency; and ‘‘(2) take into account the potential bene-fits of instruments on missions that are be-yond their planned mission lifetime. ‘‘(c) R
EPORTS .—The Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, at the same time as the submission to Con-gress of the Administration’s annual budget request for each fiscal year, a report detail-ing any assessment under subsection (a) that was carried out during the previous year.’’. 
SEC. 514. STRATOSPHERIC OBSERVATORY FOR INFRARED ASTRONOMY. 
The Administrator may not terminate science operations of the Stratospheric Ob-servatory for Infrared Astronomy before De-cember 31, 2017. SEC. 515. RADIOISOTOPE POWER SYSTEMS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) exploration of the outer reaches of the solar system is enabled by radioisotope power systems; (2) establishing continuity in the produc-tion of the material needed for radioisotope power systems is essential to maintaining the availability of such systems for future deep space exploration missions; and (3) Federal agencies supporting the Admin-istration through the production of such ma-terial should do so in a cost effective manner so as not to impose excessive reimbursement requirements on the Administration. (b) A
NALYSIS OF REQUIREMENTS AND  R
ISKS.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Adminis-trator, in consultation with other Federal agencies, shall conduct an analysis of— (1) the requirements of the Administration for radioisotope power system material that is needed to carry out planned, high priority robotic missions in the solar system and other surface exploration activities beyond low-Earth orbit; and (2) the risks to missions of the Administra-tion in meeting those requirements, or any additional requirements, due to a lack of adequate radioisotope power system mate-rial. (c) C
ONTENTS OF ANALYSIS .—The analysis conducted under subsection (b) shall— (1) detail the Administration’s current pro-jected mission requirements and associated timeframes for radioisotope power system material; (2) explain the assumptions used to deter-mine the Administration’s requirements for the material, including— (A) the planned use of advanced thermal conversion technology such as advanced thermocouples and Stirling generators and converters; and (B) the risks and implications of, and con-tingencies for, any delays or unanticipated technical challenges affecting or related to the Administration’s mission plans for the anticipated use of advanced thermal conver-sion technology; (3) assess the risk to the Administration’s programs of any potential delays in achiev-ing the schedule and milestones for planned domestic production of radioisotope power system material; (4) outline a process for meeting any addi-tional Administration requirements for the material; (5) estimate the incremental costs required to increase the amount of material produced each year, if such an increase is needed to support additional Administration require-ments for the material; (6) detail how the Administration and other Federal agencies will manage, operate, and fund production facilities and the design and development of all radioisotope power systems used by the Administration and other Federal agencies as necessary; (7) specify the steps the Administration will take, in consultation with the Depart-ment of Energy, to preserve the infrastruc-ture and workforce necessary for production of radioisotope power systems and ensure that its reimbursements to the Department of Energy associated with such preservation are equitable and justified; and (8) detail how the Administration has im-plemented or rejected the recommendations from the National Research Council’s 2009 re-port titled ‘‘Radioisotope Power Systems: An Imperative for Maintaining U.S. Leadership in Space Exploration.’’ (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit the re-sults of the analysis to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress. SEC. 516. ASSESSMENT OF MARS ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Administrator shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to assess— (1) the Administration’s Mars exploration architecture and its responsiveness to the strategies, priorities, and guidelines put for-ward by the National Academies’ planetary science decadal surveys and other relevant National Academies Mars-related reports; (2) the long-term goals of the Administra-tion’s Mars Exploration Program and such program’s ability to optimize the science re-turn, given the current fiscal posture of the program; (3) the Mars exploration architecture’s re-lationship to Mars-related activities to be undertaken by foreign agencies and organi-zations; and (4) the extent to which the Mars explo-ration architecture represents a reasonably balanced mission portfolio. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit the re-sults of the assessment to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
SEC. 517. COLLABORATION. 
The Administration shall continue to de-velop first-of-a-kind instruments that, once proved, can be transitioned to other agencies for operations. Whenever responsibilities for the development of sensors or for measure-ments are transferred to the Administration from another agency, the Administration shall seek, to the extent possible, to be reim-bursed for the assumption of such respon-sibilities. TITLE VI—AERONAUTICS 
SEC. 601. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON AERO-NAUTICS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) a robust aeronautics research portfolio will help maintain the United States status as a leader in aviation, enhance the competi-tiveness of the United States in the world economy, and improve the quality of life of all citizens; (2) aeronautics research is essential to the Administration’s mission, continues to be an important core element of the Administra-tion’s mission, and should be supported; (3) the Administrator should coordinate and consult with relevant Federal agencies and the private sector to minimize duplica-tion of efforts and leverage resources; and (4) carrying aeronautics research to a level of maturity that allows the Administration’s research results to be transferred to the users, whether private or public sector, is critical to their eventual adoption. 
SEC. 602. TRANSFORMATIVE AERONAUTICS RE-SEARCH. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Admin-istrator should look strategically into the future and ensure that the Administration’s Center personnel are at the leading edge of aeronautics research by encouraging inves-tigations into the early-stage advancement of new processes, novel concepts, and innova-tive technologies that have the potential to meet national aeronautics needs. 
SEC. 603. HYPERSONIC RESEARCH. 
(a) R OADMAP FOR HYPERSONIC RESEARCH .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator, in con-sultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall develop and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a research and development roadmap for hypersonic aircraft research. (b) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the road-map is to explore hypersonic science and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7070 December 9, 2016 
technology using air- breathing propulsion concepts, through a mix of theoretical work, basic and applied research, and development of flight research demonstration vehicles. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The roadmap shall rec-ommend appropriate Federal agency con-tributions, coordination efforts, and tech-nology milestones. 
SEC. 604. SUPERSONIC RESEARCH. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the ability to fly commercial aircraft over land at supersonic speeds without ad-verse impacts on the environment or on local communities could open new global markets and enable new transportation capabilities; and (2) continuing the Administration’s re-search program is necessary to assess the impact in a relevant environment of com-mercial supersonic flight operations and pro-vide the basis for establishing appropriate sonic boom standards for such flight oper-ations. (b) R
OADMAP FOR SUPERSONIC RESEARCH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall develop and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a road-map that allows for flexible funding profiles for supersonic aeronautics research and de-velopment. (2) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the road-map is to develop and demonstrate, in a rel-evant environment, airframe and propulsion technologies to minimize the environmental impact, including noise, of supersonic over-land flight in an efficient and economical manner. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The roadmap shall in-clude— (A) the baseline research as embodied by the Administration’s existing research on su-personic flight; (B) a list of specific technological, environ-mental, and other challenges that must be overcome to minimize the environmental impact, including noise, of supersonic over-land flight; (C) a research plan to address the chal-lenges under subparagraph (B), including a project timeline for accomplishing relevant research goals; (D) a plan for coordination with stake-holders, including relevant government agencies and industry; and (E) a plan for how the Administration will ensure that sonic boom research is coordi-nated as appropriate with relevant Federal agencies. 
SEC. 605. ROTORCRAFT RESEARCH. 
(a) R OADMAP FOR ROTORCRAFT RESEARCH .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator, in con-sultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall prepare and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a roadmap for research relating to rotorcraft and other runway-independent air vehicles. (b) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the road-map is to develop and demonstrate improved safety, noise, and environmental impact in a relevant environment. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The roadmap shall include specific goals for the research, a timeline for implementation, metrics for success, and guidelines for collaboration and coordination with industry and other Federal agencies. TITLE VII—SPACE TECHNOLOGY 
SEC. 701. SPACE TECHNOLOGY INFUSION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON SPACE TECH-
NOLOGY .—It is the sense of Congress that space technology is critical— (1) to developing technologies and capabili-ties that will make the Administration’s core missions more affordable and more reli-able; (2) to enabling a new class of Administra-tion missions beyond low-Earth orbit; and (3) to improving technological capabilities and promote innovation for the Administra-tion and the Nation. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROPULSION  T
ECHNOLOGY .—It is the sense of Congress that advancing propulsion technology would improve the efficiency of trips to Mars and could shorten travel time to Mars, reduce as-tronaut health risks, and reduce radiation exposure, consumables, and mass of mate-rials required for the journey. (c) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that the Administrator shall develop technologies to support the Administration’s core missions, as described in section 2(3) of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18301(3)), and support sustained investments in early stage innovation, fundamental re-search, and technologies to expand the boundaries of the national aerospace enter-prise. (d) P
ROPULSION TECHNOLOGIES .—A goal of propulsion technologies developed under sub-section (c) shall be to significantly reduce human travel time to Mars. 
SEC. 702. SPACE TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM. 
(a) S PACE TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Administrator shall conduct a space technology program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Program’’) to research and develop advanced space technologies that could deliver innovative solutions across the Administration’s space exploration and science missions. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the Program, the Administrator shall consider— (1) the recommendations of the National Academies’ review of the Administration’s Space Technology roadmaps and priorities; and (2) the applicable enabling aspects of the stepping stone approach to exploration under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the Pro-gram, the Administrator shall— (1) to the extent practicable, use a com-petitive process to select research and devel-opment projects; (2) to the extent practicable and appro-priate, use small satellites and the Adminis-tration’s suborbital and ground-based plat-forms to demonstrate space technology con-cepts and developments; and (3) as appropriate, partner with other Fed-eral agencies, universities, private industry, and foreign countries. (d) S
MALL BUSINESS PROGRAMS .—The Ad- ministrator shall organize and manage the Administration’s Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program within the Pro-gram. (e) N
ONDUPLICATION CERTIFICATION .—The Administrator shall submit a budget for each fiscal year, as transmitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, that avoids duplication of projects, programs, or missions conducted by Program with other projects, programs, or missions conducted by another office or directorate of the Administration. (f) C
OLLABORATION , C OORDINATION , AND A
LIGNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall— (A) ensure that the Administration’s projects, programs, and activities in support of technology research and development of advanced space technologies are fully coordi-nated and aligned; (B) ensure that the results the projects, programs, and activities under subparagraph (A) are shared and leveraged within the Ad-ministration; and (C) ensure that the organizational respon-sibility for research and development activi-ties in support of human space exploration not initiated as of the date of enactment of this Act is established on the basis of a sound rationale. (2) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that projects, programs, and mis-sions being conducted by the Human Explo-ration and Operations Mission Directorate in support of research and development of ad-vanced space technologies and systems fo-cusing on human space exploration should continue in that Directorate. (g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a report— (1) comparing the Administration’s space technology investments with the high-pri-ority technology areas identified by the Na-tional Academies in the National Research Council’s report on the Administration’s Space Technology Roadmaps; and (2) including— (A) identification of how the Administra-tion will address any gaps between the agen-cy’s investments and the recommended tech-nology areas, including a projection of fund-ing requirements; and (B) identification of the rationale de-scribed in subsection (f)(1)(C). (h) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Administrator shall include in the Administration’s annual budget request for each fiscal year the ra-tionale for assigning organizational respon-sibility for, in the year prior to the budget fiscal year, each initiated project, program, and mission focused on research and develop-ment of advanced technologies for human space exploration. TITLE VIII—MAXIMIZING EFFICIENCY Subtitle A—Agency Information Technology and Cybersecurity 
SEC. 811. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY GOVERN-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall, in a manner that reflects the unique nature of NASA’s mission and expertise— (1) ensure the NASA Chief Information Of-ficer, Mission Directorates, and Centers have appropriate roles in the management, gov-ernance, and oversight processes related to information technology operations and in-vestments and information security pro-grams for the protection of NASA systems; (2) ensure the NASA Chief Information Of-ficer has the appropriate resources and in-sight to oversee NASA information tech-nology and information security operations and investments; (3) provide an information technology pro-gram management framework to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of informa-tion technology investments, including rely-ing on metrics for identifying and reducing potential duplication, waste, and cost; (4) improve the operational linkage be-tween the NASA Chief Information Officer and each NASA mission directorate, center, and mission support office to ensure both agency and mission needs are considered in agency-wide information technology and in-formation security management and over-sight; (5) review the portfolio of information technology investments and spending, in-cluding information technology-related in-vestments included as part of activities within NASA mission directorates that may not be considered information technology, to ensure investments are recognized and re-ported appropriately based on guidance from the Office of Management and Budget; (6) consider appropriate revisions to the charters of information technology boards and councils that inform information tech-nology investment and operation decisions; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7071 December 9, 2016 
(7) consider whether the NASA Chief Infor-mation Officer should have a seat on any boards or councils described in paragraph (6). (b) GAO S
TUDY .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the effectiveness of the Administration’s Infor-mation Technology Governance in ensuring information technology resources are aligned with agency missions and are cost ef-fective and secure. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall include an assessment of— (A) the resources available for overseeing Administration-wide information technology operations, investments, and security meas-ures and the NASA Chief Information Offi-cer’s visibility and involvement into infor-mation technology oversight and access to those resources; (B) the effectiveness and challenges of the Administration’s information technology structure, decision making processes and au-thorities, including impacts on its ability to implement information security; and (C) the impact of NASA Chief Information Officer approval authority over information technology investments that exceed a de-fined monetary threshold, including any po-tential impacts of such authority on the Ad-ministration’s missions, flights programs and projects, research activities, and Center operations. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report de-tailing the results of the study under para-graph (1), including any recommendations. 
SEC. 812. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STRA-TEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Administrator shall develop an informa-tion technology strategic plan to guide NASA information technology management and strategic objectives. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the stra-tegic plan, the Administrator shall ensure that the strategic plan addresses— (1) the deadline under section 306(a) of title 5, United States Code; and (2) the requirements under section 3506 of title 44, United States Code. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan shall ad-dress, in a manner that reflects the unique nature of NASA’s mission and expertise— (1) near and long-term goals and objectives for leveraging information technology; (2) a plan for how NASA will submit to Congress of a list of information technology projects, including completion dates and risk level in accordance with guidance from the Office of Management and Budget; (3) an implementation overview for an agency-wide approach to information tech-nology investments and operations, includ-ing reducing barriers to cross-center collabo-ration; (4) coordination by the NASA Chief Infor-mation Officer with centers and mission di-rectorates to ensure that information tech-nology policies are effectively and efficiently implemented across the agency; (5) a plan to increase the efficiency and ef-fectiveness of information technology in-vestments, including a description of how unnecessarily duplicative, wasteful, legacy, or outdated information technology across NASA will be identified and eliminated, and a schedule for the identification and elimi-nation of such information technology; (6) a plan for improving the information se-curity of agency information and agency in-formation systems, including improving se-curity control assessments and role-based se-curity training of employees; and (7) submission by NASA to Congress of in-formation regarding high risk projects and cybersecurity risks. (d) CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—The Ad- ministrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the strategic plan under subsection (a) and any updates there-to. 
SEC. 813. CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) F INDING .—The security of NASA infor-mation and information systems is vital to the success of the mission of the agency. (b) I
NFORMATION SECURITY PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall implement the information security plan developed under paragraph (2) and take such further actions as the Admin-istrator considers necessary to improve the information security system in accordance with this section. (2) I
NFORMATION SECURITY PLAN .—Subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the Administrator shall develop an agency-wide information se-curity plan to enhance information security for NASA information and information infra-structure. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the plan under paragraph (2), the Administrator shall ensure that the plan— (A) reflects the unique nature of NASA’s mission and expertise; (B) is informed by policies, standards, guidelines, and directives on information se-curity required for Federal agencies; (C) is consistent with the standards and guidelines under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code; and (D) meets applicable National Institute of Standards and Technology information secu-rity standards and guidelines. (4) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall address— (A) an overview of the requirements of the information security system; (B) an agency-wide risk management framework for information security; (C) a description of the information secu-rity system management controls and com-mon controls that are necessary to ensure compliance with information security-re-lated requirements; (D) an identification and assignment of roles, responsibilities, and management com-mitment for information security at the agency; (E) coordination among organizational en-tities, including between each center, facil-ity, mission directorate, and mission support office, and among agency entities respon-sible for different aspects of information se-curity; (F) the need to protect the information se-curity of mission-critical systems and activi-ties and high-impact and moderate-impact information systems; and (G) a schedule of frequent reviews and up-dates, as necessary, of the plan. 
SEC. 814. SECURITY MANAGEMENT OF FOREIGN NATIONAL ACCESS. 
The Administrator shall notify the appro-priate committees of Congress when the agency has implemented the information technology security recommendations from the National Academy of Public Administra-tion on foreign national access management, based on reports from January 2014 and March 2016. 
SEC. 815. CYBERSECURITY OF WEB APPLICA-TIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall, in a manner that reflects the unique nature of NASA’s mission and expertise— (1) develop a plan, including such actions and milestones as are necessary, to fully re-mediate security vulnerabilities of NASA web applications within a timely fashion after discovery; and (2) provide an update on its plant to imple-ment the recommendation from the NASA Inspector General in the audit report dated July 10, 2014, (IG–14–023) to remove from the Internet or otherwise secure all NASA web applications in development or testing mode. Subtitle B—Collaboration Among Mission Directorates and Other Matters SEC. 821. COLLABORATION AMONG MISSION DI-RECTORATES. 
The Administrator shall encourage an interdisciplinary approach among all NASA mission directorates and divisions, whenever appropriate, for projects or missions— (1) to improve coordination, and encourage collaboration and early planning on scope; (2) to determine areas of overlap or align-ment; (3) to find ways to leverage across divi-sional perspectives to maximize outcomes; and (4) to be more efficient with resources and funds. 
SEC. 822. NASA LAUNCH CAPABILITIES COLLABO-RATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Launch Services Program is re-sponsible for the acquisition, management, and technical oversight of commercial launch services for NASA’s science and robotic missions. (2) The Commercial Crew Program is re-sponsible for the acquisition, management, and technical oversight of commercial crew transportation systems. (3) The Launch Services Program and Com-mercial Crew Program have worked together to gain exceptional technical insight into the contracted launch service providers that are common to both programs. (4) The Launch Services Program has a long history of oversight of 12 different launch vehicles and over 80 launches. (5) Co-location of the Launch Services Pro-gram and Commercial Crew Program has en-abled the Commercial Crew Program to effi-ciently obtain the launch vehicle technical expertise of and provide engineering and an-alytical support to the Commercial Crew Program. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Launch Services Program and Com-mercial Crew Program each benefit from communication and coordination of launch manifests, technical information, and com-mon launch vehicle insight between the pro-grams; and (2) such communication and coordination is enabled by the co-location of the pro-grams. (c) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall pursue a strategy for acquisition of crewed transportation services and non-crewed launch services that continues to enhance communication, collaboration, and coordina-tion between the Launch Services Program and the Commercial Crew Program. 
SEC. 823. DETECTION AND AVOIDANCE OF COUN-TERFEIT PARTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) A 2012 investigation by the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate of counter-feit electronic parts in the Department of Defense supply chain from 2009 through 2010 uncovered 1,800 cases and over 1,000,000 coun-terfeit parts and exposed the threat such counterfeit parts pose to service members and national security. (2) Since 2010, the Comptroller General of the United States has identified in 3 separate reports the risks and challenges associated with counterfeit parts and counterfeit pre-vention at both the Department of Defense and NASA, including inconsistent definitions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7072 December 9, 2016 
of counterfeit parts, poorly targeted quality control practices, and potential barriers to improvements to these practices. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the presence of counterfeit electronic parts in the NASA supply chain poses a danger to United States government astronauts, crew, and other personnel and a risk to the agency overall. (c) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall revise the NASA Supple-ment to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to improve the detection and avoidance of counterfeit electronic parts in the supply chain. (2) C
ONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES .—In re- vising the regulations under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall— (A) require each covered contractor— (i) to detect and avoid the use or inclusion of any counterfeit parts in electronic parts or products that contain electronic parts; (ii) to take such corrective actions as the Administrator considers necessary to rem-edy the use or inclusion described in clause (i); and (iii) including a subcontractor, to notify the applicable NASA contracting officer not later than 30 calendar days after the date the covered contractor becomes aware, or has reason to suspect, that any end item, compo-nent, part or material contained in supplies purchased by NASA, or purchased by a cov-ered contractor or subcontractor for delivery to, or on behalf of, NASA, contains a coun-terfeit electronic part or suspect counterfeit electronic part; and (B) prohibit the cost of counterfeit elec-tronic parts, suspect counterfeit electronic parts, and any corrective action described under subparagraph (A)(ii) from being in-cluded as allowable costs under agency con-tracts, unless— (i)(I) the covered contractor has an oper-ational system to detect and avoid counter-feit electronic parts and suspect counterfeit electronic parts that has been reviewed and approved by NASA or the Department of De-fense; and (II) the covered contractor has provided the notice under subparagraph (A)(iii); or (ii) the counterfeit electronic parts or sus-pect counterfeit electronic parts were pro-vided to the covered contractor as Govern-ment property in accordance with part 45 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (3) S
UPPLIERS OF ELECTRONIC PARTS .—In re- vising the regulations under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall— (A) require NASA and covered contractors, including subcontractors, at all tiers— (i) to obtain electronic parts that are in production or currently available in stock from— (I) the original manufacturers of the parts or their authorized dealers; or (II) suppliers who obtain such parts exclu-sively from the original manufacturers of the parts or their authorized dealers; and (ii) to obtain electronic parts that are not in production or currently available in stock from suppliers that meet qualification re-quirements established under subparagraph (C); (B) establish documented requirements consistent with published industry standards or Government contract requirements for— (i) notification of the agency; and (ii) inspection, testing, and authentication of electronic parts that NASA or a covered contractor, including a subcontractor, ob-tains from any source other than a source described in subparagraph (A); (C) establish qualification requirements, consistent with the requirements of section 2319 of title 10, United States Code, pursuant to which NASA may identify suppliers that have appropriate policies and procedures in place to detect and avoid counterfeit elec-tronic parts and suspect counterfeit elec-tronic parts; and (D) authorize a covered contractor, includ-ing a subcontractor, to identify and use addi-tional suppliers beyond those identified under subparagraph (C) if— (i) the standards and processes for identi-fying such suppliers comply with established industry standards; (ii) the covered contractor assumes respon-sibility for the authenticity of parts pro-vided by such suppliers under paragraph (2); and (iii) the selection of such suppliers is sub-ject to review and audit by NASA. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR .—The term ‘‘cov-ered contractor’’ means a contractor that supplies an electronic part, or a product that contains an electronic part, to NASA. (2) E
LECTRONIC PART .—The term ‘‘elec-tronic part’’ means a discrete electronic component, including a microcircuit, tran-sistor, capacitor, resistor, or diode, that is intended for use in a safety or mission crit-ical application. 
SEC. 824. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States competitiveness in the 21st century requires engaging the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this section as ‘‘STEM’’) tal-ent in all States; (2) the Administration is uniquely posi-tioned to educate and inspire students and the broader public on STEM subjects and ca-reers; (3) the Administration’s Education and Communication Offices, Mission Direc-torates, and Centers have been effective in delivering educational content because of the strong engagement of Administration scientists and engineers in the Administra-tion’s education and outreach activities; (4) the Administration’s education and out-reach programs, including the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (EPSCoR) and the Space Grant College and Fellowship Program, reflect the Administra-tion’s successful commitment to growing and diversifying the national science and en-gineering workforce; and (5) in order to grow and diversify the Na-tion’s engineering workforce, it is vital for the Administration to bolster programs, such as High Schools United with NASA to Create Hardware (HUNCH) program, that conduct outreach activities to underserved rural communities, vocational schools, and tribal colleges and universities and encour-age new participation in the STEM work-force. (b) C
ONTINUATION OF EDUCATION AND OUT-
REACH ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall continue engagement with the public and education opportunities for students via all the Administration’s mission directorates to the maximum extent practicable. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the Ad-ministration’s near-term outreach plans for advancing space law education. 
SEC. 825. LEVERAGING COMMERCIAL SATELLITE SERVICING CAPABILITIES ACROSS MISSION DIRECTORATES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Refueling and relocating aging sat-ellites to extend their operational lifetimes is a capacity that NASA will substantially benefit from and is important for lowering the costs of ongoing scientific, national se-curity, and commercial satellite operations. (2) The technologies involved in satellite servicing, such as dexterous robotic arms, propellant transfer systems, and solar elec-tric propulsion, are all critical capabilities to support a human exploration mission to Mars. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) satellite servicing is a vital capability that will bolster the capacity and afford-ability of NASA’s ongoing scientific and human exploration operations while simulta-neously enhancing the ability of domestic companies to compete in the global market-place; and (2) future NASA satellites and spacecraft across mission directorates should be con-structed in a manner that allows for serv-icing in order to maximize operational lon-gevity and affordability. (c) L
EVERAGING OF CAPABILITIES .—The Ad- ministrator shall identify orbital assets in both the Science Mission Directorate and the Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate that could benefit from satellite servicing-related technologies, and shall work across all NASA mission directorates to evaluate opportunities for the private sec-tor to perform such services or advance tech-nical capabilities by leveraging the tech-nologies and techniques developed by NASA programs and other industry programs. 
SEC. 826. FLIGHT OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PAYLOADS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to conduct nec-essary research, the Administrator shall con-tinue and, as the Administrator considers appropriate, expand the development of tech-nology payloads for— (A) scientific research; and (B) investigating new or improved capabili-ties. (2) F
UNDS .—For the purpose of carrying out paragraph (1), the Administrator shall make funds available for— (A) flight testing; (B) payload development; and (C) hardware related to subparagraphs (A) and (B). (b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress reaffirms that the Administrator should pro-vide flight opportunities for payloads to microgravity environments and suborbital altitudes as authorized by section 907 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18405). 
SEC. 827. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SMALL CLASS LAUNCH MISSIONS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Venture Class Launch Services con-tracts awarded under the Launch Services Program will expand opportunities for future dedicated launches of CubeSats and other small satellites and small orbital science missions; and (2) principal investigator-led small orbital science missions, including CubeSat class, Small Explorer (SMEX) class, and Venture class, offer valuable opportunities to ad-vance science at low cost, train the next gen-eration of scientists and engineers, and en-able participants to acquire skills in systems engineering and systems integration that are critical to maintaining the Nation’s leader-ship in space and to enhancing United States innovation and competitiveness abroad. 
SEC. 828. BASELINE AND COST CONTROLS. 
Section 30104(a)(1) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Procedural Requirements 7120.5c, dated March 22, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘Procedural Requirements 7120.5E, dated August 14, 2012’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7073 December 9, 2016 
SEC. 829. COMMERCIAL TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM. 
Section 50116(a) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, while pro-tecting national security’’ after ‘‘research community’’. 
SEC. 830. AVOIDING ORGANIZATIONAL CON-FLICTS OF INTEREST IN MAJOR AD-MINISTRATION ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EVISED REGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall re-vise the Administration Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide uniform guidance and recommend revised re-quirements for organizational conflicts of in-terest by contractors in major acquisition programs in order to address the elements identified in subsection (b). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The revised regulations under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum— (1) address organizational conflicts of in-terest that could potentially arise as a result of— (A) lead system integrator contracts on major acquisition programs and contracts that follow lead system integrator contracts on such programs, particularly contracts for production; (B) the ownership of business units per-forming systems engineering and technical assistance functions, professional services, or management support services in relation to major acquisition programs by contrac-tors who simultaneously own business units competing to perform as either the prime contractor or the supplier of a major sub-system or component for such programs; (C) the award of major subsystem con-tracts by a prime contractor for a major ac-quisition program to business units or other affiliates of the same parent corporate enti-ty, and particularly the award of sub-contracts for software integration or the de-velopment of a proprietary software system architecture; or (D) the performance by, or assistance of, contractors in technical evaluations on major acquisition programs; (2) require the Administration to request advice on systems architecture and systems engineering matters with respect to major acquisition programs from objective sources independent of the prime contractor; (3) require that a contract for the perform-ance of systems engineering and technical assistance functions for a major acquisition program contains a provision prohibiting the contractor or any affiliate of the contractor from participating as a prime contractor or a major subcontractor in the development of a system under the program; and (4) establish such limited exceptions to the requirement in paragraphs (2) and (3) as the Administrator considers necessary to ensure that the Administration has continued ac-cess to advice on systems architecture and systems engineering matters from highly qualified contractors with domain experi-ence and expertise, while ensuring that such advice comes from sources that are objective and unbiased. 
SEC. 831. PROTECTION OF APOLLO LANDING SITES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Director of the Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy, in consultation with relevant Federal agencies and stakeholders, shall assess the issues re-lating to protecting and preserving histori-cally important Apollo Program lunar land-ing sites and Apollo program artifacts resid-ing on the lunar surface, including those per-taining to Apollo 11 and Apollo 17. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the assess-ment, the Director shall include— (1) a determination of what risks to the protection and preservation of those sites and artifacts exist or may exist in the fu-ture; (2) a determination of what measures are required to ensure such protection and pres-ervation; (3) a determination of the extent to which additional domestic legislation or inter-national treaties or agreements will be re-quired; and (4) specific recommendations for pro-tecting and preserving those lunar landing sites and artifacts. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress the results of the assess-ment. 
SEC. 832. NASA LEASE OF NON-EXCESS PROP-ERTY. 
Section 20145(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10 years after December 26, 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
SEC. 833. TERMINATION LIABILITY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ISS, the Space Launch System, and the Orion will enable the Nation to continue operations in low-Earth orbit and to send its astronauts to deep space; (2) the James Webb Space Telescope will revolutionize our understanding of star and planet formation and how galaxies evolved, and will advance the search for the origins of our universe; (3) as a result of their unique capabilities and their critical contribution to the future of space exploration, these systems have been designated by Congress and the Admin-istration as priority investments; (4) contractors are currently holding pro-gram funding, estimated to be in the hun-dreds of millions of dollars, to cover the po-tential termination liability should the Gov-ernment choose to terminate a program for convenience; (5) as a result, hundreds of millions of tax-payer dollars are unavailable for meaningful work on these programs; (6) according to the Government Account-ability Office, the Administration procures most of its goods and services through con-tracts, and it terminates very few of them; (7) in fiscal year 2010, the Administration terminated 28 of 16,343 active contracts and orders, a termination rate of about 0.17 per-cent; and (8) the Administration should vigorously pursue a policy on termination liability that maximizes the utilization of its appropriated funds to make maximum progress in meeting established technical goals and schedule milestones on these high-priority programs. 
SEC. 834. INDEPENDENT REVIEWS. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing— (1) the Administration’s procedures for conducting independent reviews of projects and programs at lifecycle milestones; (2) how the Administration ensures the independence of the individuals who conduct those reviews prior to their assignment; (3) the internal and external entities inde-pendent of project and program management that conduct reviews of projects and pro-grams at life cycle milestones; and (4) how the Administration ensures the independence of such entities and their members. 
SEC. 835. NASA ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Administrator shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Public Administration to assess the effectiveness of the NASA Advisory Council and to make recommendations to Congress for any change to— (1) the functions of the Council; (2) the appointment of members to the Council; (3) the qualifications for members of the Council; (4) the duration of terms of office for mem-bers of the Council; (5) the frequency of meetings of the Coun-cil; (6) the structure of leadership and Commit-tees of the Council; and (7) the levels of professional staffing for the Council. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the assessment under subsection (a), the Na-tional Academy of Public Administration shall— (1) consider the impacts of broadening the Council’s role to include providing consulta-tion and advice to Congress under section 20113(g) of title 51, United States Code; (2) consider the past activities of the NASA Advisory Council and the activities of other analogous Federal advisory bodies; and (3) any other issues that the National Academy of Public Administration deter-mines could potentially impact the effective-ness of the Council. (c) R
EPORT .—The National Academy of Public Administration shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the re-sults of the assessment, including any rec-ommendations. (d) C
ONSULTATION AND ADVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 20113(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and Congress’’ after ‘‘advice to the Admin-istration’’. (2) S
UNSET .—Effective September 30, 2017, section 20113(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and Con-gress’’. 
SEC. 836. COST ESTIMATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) realistic cost estimating is critically important to the ultimate success of major space development projects; and (2) the Administration has devoted signifi-cant efforts over the past 5 years to improv-ing its cost estimating capabilities, but it is important that the Administration continue its efforts to develop and implement guid-ance in establishing realistic cost estimates. (b) G
UIDANCE AND CRITERIA .—The Adminis-trator shall provide to its acquisition pro-grams and projects, in a manner consistent with the Administration’s Space Flight Pro-gram and Project Management Require-ments— (1) guidance on when to use an Independent Cost Estimate and Independent Cost Assess-ment; and (2) criteria to use to make a determination under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 837. FACILITIES AND INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Administration must address, miti-gate, and reverse, where possible, the dete-rioration of its facilities and infrastructure, as their condition is hampering the effective-ness and efficiency of research performed by both the Administration and industry par-ticipants making use of Administration fa-cilities, thus harming the competitiveness of the United States aerospace industry; (2) the Administration has a role in pro-viding laboratory capabilities to industry participants that are not economically via-ble as commercial entities and thus are not available elsewhere; (3) to ensure continued access to reliable and efficient world-class facilities by re-searchers, the Administration should estab-lish strategic partnerships with other Fed-eral agencies, institutions of higher edu-cation, and industry, as appropriate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7074 December 9, 2016 
(4) decisions on whether to dispose of, maintain, or modernize existing facilities must be made in the context of meeting Ad-ministration and other needs, including those required to meet the activities sup-porting the Human Exploration Roadmap under section 432 of this Act, consider other national laboratory needs as the Adminis-trator deems appropriate. (b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that the Administration maintain re-liable and efficient facilities and infrastruc-ture and that decisions on whether to dis-pose of, maintain, or modernize existing fa-cilities or infrastructure be made in the con-text of meeting future Administration needs. (c) P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall develop a facilities and infrastructure plan. (2) G
OAL.—The goal of the plan is to posi-tion the Administration to have the facili-ties and infrastructure, including labora-tories, tools, and approaches, necessary to meet future Administration and other Fed-eral agencies’ laboratory needs. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall identify— (A) current Administration and other Fed-eral agency laboratory needs; (B) future Administration research and de-velopment and testing needs; (C) a strategy for identifying facilities and infrastructure that are candidates for dis-posal, that is consistent with the national strategic direction set forth in— (i) the National Space Policy; (ii) the National Aeronautics Research, De-velopment, Test, and Evaluation Infrastruc-ture Plan; (iii) the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–155; 119 Stat. 2895), National Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-422; 122 Stat. 4779), and National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18301 et seq.); and (iv) the Human Exploration Roadmap under section 432 of this Act; (D) a strategy for the maintenance, repair, upgrading, and modernization of Administra-tion facilities and infrastructure, including laboratories and equipment; and (E) criteria for— (i) prioritizing deferred maintenance tasks; (ii) maintaining, repairing, upgrading, or modernizing Administration facilities and infrastructure; and (iii) implementing processes, plans, and policies for guiding the Administration’s Centers on whether to maintain, repair, up-grade, or modernize a facility or infrastruc-ture and for determining the type of instru-ment to be used. 
SEC. 838. HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT ACCIDENT IN-VESTIGATIONS. 
Section 70702 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a)(3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) any other orbital or suborbital space vehicle carrying humans that is— ‘‘(A) owned by the Federal Government; or ‘‘(B) being used pursuant to a contract or Space Act Agreement with the Federal Gov-ernment for carrying a government astro-naut or a researcher funded by the Federal Government; or’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) G
OVERNMENT ASTRONAUT .—The term ‘government astronaut’ has the meaning given the term in section 50902. ‘‘(2) S
PACE ACT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘Space Act Agreement’ means an agreement entered into by the Administration pursuant to its other transactions authority under section 20113(e).’’. SEC. 839. ORBITAL DEBRIS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) orbital debris poses serious risks to the operational space capabilities of the United States; (2) an international commitment and inte-grated strategic plan are needed to mitigate the growth of orbital debris wherever pos-sible; and (3) the delay in the Office of Science and Technology Policy’s submission of a report on the status of international coordination and development of orbital debris mitigation strategies to be inconsistent with such risks. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) C
OORDINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the status of efforts to coordinate with for-eign countries within the Inter-Agency Space Debris Coordination Committee to mitigate the effects and growth of orbital de-bris under section 1202(b)(1) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18441(b)(1)). (2) M
ITIGATION STRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the status of the orbital debris mitigation strategy required under section 1202(b)(2) of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18441(b)(2)). 
SEC. 840. REVIEW OF ORBITAL DEBRIS REMOVAL CONCEPTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) orbital debris in low-Earth orbit poses significant risks to spacecraft; (2) such orbital debris may increase due to collisions between existing debris objects; and (3) understanding options to address and remove orbital debris is important for ensur-ing safe and effective spacecraft operations in low-Earth orbit. (b) R
EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator— (A) in collaboration with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall solicit and review concepts and options for remov-ing orbital debris from low-Earth orbit; and (B) shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the solicita-tion and review under subparagraph (A), in-cluding recommendations on the best op-tions for decreasing the risks associated with orbital debris. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The solicitation and review under paragraph (1) shall address the requirements for and feasibility of devel-oping and implementing each of the options. 
SA 5181. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. K
IRK) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1168, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to preserve access to rehabilitation innovation centers under the Medicare program; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preserving Rehabilitation Innovation Centers Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In the United States, there are an esti-mated 1,181 inpatient rehabilitation facili-ties. Among these facilities is a small group of inpatient rehabilitation institutions that are contributing to the future of rehabilita-tion care medicine, as well as to patient re-covery, scientific innovation, and quality of life. (2) This unique category of inpatient reha-bilitation institutions treats the most com-plex patient conditions, such as traumatic brain injury, stroke, spinal cord injury, childhood disease, burns, and wartime inju-ries. (3) These leading inpatient rehabilitation institutions are all not-for-profit or Govern-ment-owned institutions and serve a high volume of Medicare or Medicaid bene-ficiaries. (4) These leading inpatient rehabilitation institutions have been recognized by the Federal Government for their contributions to cutting-edge research to develop solutions that enhance quality of care, improve pa-tient outcomes, and reduce health care costs. (5) These leading inpatient rehabilitation institutions help to improve the practice and standard of rehabilitation medicine across the Nation in urban, suburban, and rural communities by training physicians, medical students, and other clinicians, and providing care to patients from all 50 States. (6) It is vital that these leading inpatient rehabilitation institutions are supported so they can continue to lead the Nation’s ef-forts to— (A) advance integrated, multidisciplinary rehabilitation research; (B) provide cutting-edge medical care to the most complex rehabilitation patients; (C) serve as education and training facili-ties for the physicians, nurses, and other health professionals who serve rehabilitation patients; (D) ensure Medicare and Medicaid bene-ficiaries receive state-of-the-art, high-qual-ity rehabilitation care by developing and dis-seminating best practices and advancing the quality of care utilized by post-acute pro-viders in all 50 States; and (E) support other inpatient rehabilitation institutions in rural areas to help ensure ac-cess to quality post-acute care for patients living in these communities. SEC. 3. STUDY AND REPORT RELATING TO THE COSTS INCURRED BY, AND THE MEDICARE PAYMENTS MADE TO, RE-HABILITATION INNOVATION CEN-TERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(j) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (9); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(8) S
TUDY AND REPORT RELATING TO THE  
COSTS INCURRED BY , AND THE MEDICARE PAY -
MENTS MADE TO , REHABILITATION INNOVATION  
CENTERS .— ‘‘(A) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to assess the costs incurred by reha-bilitation innovation centers (as defined in subparagraph (C)) that are beyond the pro-spective rate for each of the following activi-ties: ‘‘(i) Furnishing items and services to indi-viduals under this title. ‘‘(ii) Conducting research. ‘‘(iii) Providing medical training. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port containing the results of the study under subparagraph (A), together with rec-ommendations for such legislation and ad-ministrative action as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. ‘‘(C) R
EHABILITATION INNOVATION CENTER  
DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term ‘rehabilitation innovation center’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.135 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7075 December 9, 2016 
means a rehabilitation facility that, deter-mined as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph, is described in clause (ii) or clause (iii). ‘‘(ii) N
OT-FOR-PROFIT .—A rehabilitation fa-cility described in this clause is a facility that— ‘‘(I) is classified as a not-for-profit entity under the IRF Rate Setting File for the Cor-rection Notice for the Inpatient Rehabilita-tion Facility Prospective Payment System for Federal Fiscal Year 2012 (78 Fed. Reg. 59256); ‘‘(II) holds at least one Federal rehabilita-tion research and training designation for re-search projects on traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, or stroke rehabilitation research from the Rehabilitation Research and Training Centers or the Rehabilitation Engineering Research Center at the National Institute on Disability and Rehabilitation Research at the Department of Education, based on such data submitted to the Sec-retary by a facility, in a form, manner, and time frame specified by the Secretary; ‘‘(III) has a minimum Medicare case mix index of 1.1144 for fiscal year 2012 according to the IRF Rate Setting File described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(IV) had at least 300 Medicare discharges or at least 200 Medicaid discharges in a prior year as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) G
OVERNMENT -OWNED .—A rehabilita-tion facility described in this clause is a fa-cility that— ‘‘(I) is classified as a Government-owned institution under the IRF Rate Setting File described in clause (ii)(I); ‘‘(II) holds at least one Federal rehabilita-tion research and training designation for re-search projects on traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, or stroke rehabilitation research from the Rehabilitation Research and Training Centers, the Rehabilitation En-gineering Research Center, or the Model Spi-nal Cord Injury Systems at the National In-stitute on Disability and Rehabilitation Re-search at the Department of Education, based on such data submitted to the Sec-retary by a facility, in a form, manner, and time frame specified by the Secretary; ‘‘(III) has a minimum Medicare case mix index of 1.1144 for 2012 according to the IRF Rate Setting File described in clause (ii)(I); and ‘‘(IV) has a Medicare disproportionate share hospital (DSH) percentage of at least 0.6300 according to the IRF Rate Setting File described in clause (ii)(I)).’’. 
SA 5182. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3021, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the use of Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to pursue independent study programs at certain educational institutions that are not institutions of higher learning; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Education Improvement Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘VEI Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO PUR-SUE INDEPENDENT STUDY PRO-GRAMS AT CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ARE NOT INSTI-TUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
Paragraph (4) of section 3680A(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) any independent study program ex-cept— ‘‘(A) with respect to enrollments occurring during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Veterans Education Improvement Act of 2016 and ending on Sep-tember 30, 2018, an independent study pro-gram (including open circuit television) that— ‘‘(i) is accredited by a nationally recog-nized accrediting agency; and ‘‘(ii) leads— ‘‘(I) to a standard college degree; ‘‘(II) to a certificate that reflects edu-cational attainment offered by an institu-tion of higher learning; or ‘‘(III) to a certificate that reflects comple-tion of a course of study offered by— ‘‘(aa) an area career and technical edu-cation school (as defined in subparagraphs (C) and (D) of section 3(3) of the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302(3))) that provides edu-cation at the postsecondary level; or ‘‘(bb) a postsecondary vocational institu-tion (as defined in section 102(c) of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(c))) that provides education at the postsecondary level; and ‘‘(B) with respect to enrollments occurring during any period other than the period de-scribed in subparagraph (A), an accredited independent study program (including open circuit television) leading— ‘‘(i) to a standard college degree; or ‘‘(ii) to a certificate that reflects edu-cational attainment offered by an institu-tion of higher learning.’’. SEC. 3. APPROVAL OF COURSES OF EDUCATION AND TRAINING FOR PURPOSES OF THE VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION PROGRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3104(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘A rehabilita-tion’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), to the maximum extent practicable, a course of education or training may be pur-sued by a veteran as part of a rehabilitation program under this chapter only if the course is approved for purposes of chapter 30 or 33 of this title. ‘‘(B) The Secretary may waive the require-ment under subparagraph (A) to the extent the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to a course of education or training pursued by a veteran who first begins a pro-gram of rehabilitation under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, on or after the date that is one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORITY TO PRIORITIZE VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION SERVICES BASED ON NEED. 
Section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 3, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c)(1) The Secretary shall have the au-thority to administer this chapter by prioritizing the provision of services under this chapter based on need, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) In evaluating need for purposes of this subsection, the Secretary shall consider dis-ability ratings, the severity of employment handicaps, qualification for a program of independent living services and assistance, income, and such other factors as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) Not later than 90 days before making any changes to the prioritization of the pro-vision of services under this chapter as au-thorized under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a plan describing such changes.’’. SEC. 5. CODIFICATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF ELECTION PROCESS FOR POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating section 3325 as section 3326; and (2) by inserting after section 3324 the fol-lowing new section 3325: ‘‘§ 3325. Election to receive educational assist-ance ‘‘(a) I
NDIVIDUALS ELIGIBLE TO ELECT PAR-
TICIPATION IN POST-9/11 E DUCATIONAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—An individual may elect to receive educational assistance under this chapter if such individual— ‘‘(1) as of August 1, 2009— ‘‘(A) is entitled to basic educational assist-ance under chapter 30 of this title and has used, but retains unused, entitlement under that chapter; ‘‘(B) is entitled to educational assistance under chapter 107, 1606, or 1607 of title 10 and has used, but retains unused, entitlement under the applicable chapter; ‘‘(C) is entitled to basic educational assist-ance under chapter 30 of this title but has not used any entitlement under that chap-ter; ‘‘(D) is entitled to educational assistance under chapter 107, 1606, or 1607 of title 10 but has not used any entitlement under such chapter; ‘‘(E) is a member of the Armed Forces who is eligible for receipt of basic educational as-sistance under chapter 30 of this title and is making contributions toward such assist-ance under section 3011(b) or 3012(c) of this title; or ‘‘(F) is a member of the Armed Forces who is not entitled to basic educational assist-ance under chapter 30 of this title by reason of an election under section 3011(c)(1) or 3012(d)(1) of this title; and ‘‘(2) as of the date of the individual’s elec-tion under this paragraph, meets the require-ments for entitlement to educational assist-ance under this chapter. ‘‘(b) C
ESSATION OF CONTRIBUTIONS TOWARD  GI B
ILL.—Effective as of the first month be-ginning on or after the date of an election under subsection (a) of an individual de-scribed by paragraph (1)(E) of that sub-section, the obligation of the individual to make contributions under section 3011(b) or 3012(c) of this title, as applicable, shall cease, and the requirements of such section shall be deemed to be no longer applicable to the in-dividual. ‘‘(c) R
EVOCATION OF REMAINING TRANS -
FERRED ENTITLEMENT .— ‘‘(1) E
LECTION TO REVOKE .—If, on the date an individual described in paragraph (1)(A) or (1)(C) of subsection (a) makes an election under that subsection, a transfer of the enti-tlement of the individual to basic edu-cational assistance under section 3020 of this title is in effect and a number of months of the entitlement so transferred remain unuti-lized, the individual may elect to revoke all or a portion of the entitlement so trans-ferred that remains unutilized. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF REVOKED ENTITLE -
MENT .—Any entitlement revoked by an indi-vidual under this paragraph shall no longer be available to the dependent to whom trans-ferred, but shall be available to the indi-vidual instead for educational assistance under chapter 33 of this title in accordance with the provisions of this section. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF UNREVOKED ENTITLE -
MENT .—Any entitlement described in para-graph (1) that is not revoked by an indi-vidual in accordance with that paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.138 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7076 December 9, 2016 
shall remain available to the dependent or dependents concerned in accordance with the current transfer of such entitlement under section 3020 of this title. ‘‘(d) P
OST-9/11 E DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and except as provided in subsection (e), an individual making an election under sub-section (a) shall be entitled to educational assistance under this chapter in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, instead of basic educational assistance under chap-ter 30 of this title, or educational assistance under chapter 107, 1606, or 1607 of title 10, as applicable. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON ENTITLEMENT FOR CER -
TAIN INDIVIDUALS .—In the case of an indi-vidual making an election under subsection (a) who is described by paragraph (1)(A) of that subsection, the number of months of en-titlement of the individual to educational assistance under this chapter shall be the number of months equal to— ‘‘(A) the number of months of unused enti-tlement of the individual under chapter 30 of this title, as of the date of the election, plus ‘‘(B) the number of months, if any, of enti-tlement revoked by the individual under sub-section (c)(1). ‘‘(e) C
ONTINUING ENTITLEMENT TO EDU-
CATIONAL ASSISTANCE NOTAVAILABLE UNDER  9/11 A
SSISTANCE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the event educational assistance to which an individual making an election under subsection (a) would be enti-tled under chapter 30 of this title, or chapter 107, 1606, or 1607 of title 10, as applicable, is not authorized to be available to the indi-vidual under the provisions of this chapter the individual shall remain entitled to such educational assistance in accordance with the provisions of the applicable chapter. ‘‘(2) C
HARGE FOR USE OF ENTITLEMENT .—The utilization by an individual of entitlement under paragraph (1) shall be chargeable against the entitlement of the individual to educational assistance under this chapter at the rate of one month of entitlement under this chapter for each month of entitlement utilized by the individual under paragraph (1) (as determined as if such entitlement were utilized under the provisions of chapter 30 of this title, or chapter 107, 1606, or 1607 of title 10, as applicable). ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL POST-9/11 A SSISTANCE FOR  M
EMBERS HAVING MADE CONTRIBUTIONS TO-
WARD GI B ILL.— ‘‘(1) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—In the case of an individual making an election under subsection (a) who is described by subpara-graph (A), (C), or (E) of paragraph (1) of that subsection, the amount of educational assist-ance payable to the individual under this chapter as a monthly stipend payable under paragraph (1)(B) of section 3313(c) of this title, or under paragraphs (2) through (7) of that section (as applicable), shall be the amount otherwise payable as a monthly sti-pend under the applicable paragraph in-creased by the amount equal to— ‘‘(A) the total amount of contributions to-ward basic educational assistance made by the individual under section 3011(b) or 3012(c) of this title, as of the date of the election, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the fraction— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is— ‘‘(I) the number of months of entitlement to basic educational assistance under chap-ter 30 of this title remaining to the indi-vidual at the time of the election; plus ‘‘(II) the number of months, if any, of enti-tlement under chapter 30 revoked by the in-dividual under subsection (c)(1); and ‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is 36 months. ‘‘(2) M
ONTHS OF REMAINING ENTITLEMENT  
FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS .—In the case of an individual covered by paragraph (1) who is described by subsection (a)(1)(E), the number of months of entitlement to basic edu-cational assistance remaining to the indi-vidual for purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(i)(II) shall be 36 months. ‘‘(3) TIMING OF PAYMENT .—The amount pay-able with respect to an individual under paragraph (1) shall be paid to the individual together with the last payment of the monthly stipend payable to the individual under paragraph (1)(B) of section 3313(c) of this title, or under paragraphs (2) through (7) of that section (as applicable), before the ex-haustion of the individual’s entitlement to educational assistance under this chapter. ‘‘(g) C
ONTINUING ENTITLEMENT TO ADDI-
TIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR CRITICAL SKILLS OR  S
PECIALITY AND ADDITIONAL SERVICE .—An in- dividual making an election under sub-section (a)(1) who, at the time of the elec-tion, is entitled to increased educational as-sistance under section 3015(d) of this title, or section 16131(i) of title 10, or supplemental educational assistance under subchapter III of chapter 30 of this title, shall remain enti-tled to such increased educational assistance or supplemental educational assistance in the utilization of entitlement to educational assistance under this chapter, in an amount equal to the quarter, semester, or term, as applicable, equivalent of the monthly amount of such increased educational assist-ance or supplemental educational assistance payable with respect to the individual at the time of the election. ‘‘(h) A
LTERNATIVE ELECTION BY SEC-
RETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual who, on or after January 1, 2016, sub-mits to the Secretary an election under this section that the Secretary determines is clearly against the interests of the indi-vidual, or who fails to make an election under this section, the Secretary may make an alternative election on behalf of the indi-vidual that the Secretary determines is in the best interests of the individual. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—If the Secretary makes an election on behalf of an individual under this subsection, the Secretary shall notify the in-dividual by not later than seven days after making such election and shall provide the individual with a 30-day period, beginning on the date of the individual’s receipt of such notice, during which the individual may modify or revoke the election made by the Secretary on the individual’s behalf. The Secretary shall include, as part of such no-tice, a clear statement of why the alter-native election made by the Secretary is in the best interests of the individual as com-pared to the election submitted by the indi-vidual. The Secretary shall provide the no-tice required under this paragraph by elec-tronic means whenever possible. ‘‘(i) I
RREVOCABILITY OF ELECTIONS .—An election under subsection (a) or (c)(1) is ir-revocable.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the item relating to section 3325 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘3325. Election to receive educational assist-ance. ‘‘3326. Reporting requirement.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Subsection (c) of section 5003 of the Post-9/11 Veterans Edu-cational Assistance Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–252; 38 U.S.C. 3301 note) is hereby re-pealed. 
SEC. 6. WORK-STUDY ALLOWANCE. 
Section 3485(a)(4) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2013, or the period beginning on June 30, 2017, and ending on June 30, 2022’’. SEC. 7. RETENTION OF ENTITLEMENT TO EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE DURING CERTAIN ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) E DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE ALLOWANCE .— Section 16131(c)(3)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. (b) E
XPIRATION DATE.—Section 16133(b)(4) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
SEC. 8. REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF STUDENTS RECEIVING POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 5, is further amended— (1) in subsection 3326(c), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) the information received by the Sec-retary under section 3327 of this title; and’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 3327. Report on student progress ‘‘As a condition on approval under chapter 36 of this title of a course offered by an edu-cational institution (as defined in section 3452 of this title), each year, each edu-cational institution (as so defined) that re-ceived a payment in that year on behalf of an individual entitled to educational assist-ance under this chapter shall submit to the Secretary such information regarding the academic progress of the individual as the Secretary may require.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 5, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘3327. Report on student progress.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 9. CENTRALIZED REPORTING OF VETERAN ENROLLMENT BY CERTAIN GROUPS, DISTRICTS, AND CONSORTIUMS OF EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3684(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘32, 33,’’ after ‘‘31,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘educational institution’ may include a group, district, or consortium of separately accredited educational institutions located in the same State that are organized in a manner that facilitates the centralized re-porting of the enrollments in such group, district, or consortium of institutions.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to reports submitted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 10. ROLE OF STATE APPROVING AGENCIES. 
(a) A PPROVAL OF CERTAIN COURSES .—Sec- tion 3672(b)(2)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the following’’ and all that follows through the colon and inserting the following: ‘‘a program of edu-cation is deemed to be approved for purposes of this chapter if a State approving agency, or the Secretary when acting in the role of a State approving agency, determines that the program is one of the following programs:’’. (b) A
PPROVAL OF OTHER COURSES .—Section 3675 of such title is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.140 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7077 December 9, 2016 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary or a State approving agency’’ and inserting ‘‘A State approving agency, or the Secretary when acting in the role of a State approving agen-cy,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘offered by proprietary for- profit educational institutions’’ and insert-ing ‘‘not covered by section 3672 of this title’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Secretary or the State approv-ing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘the State approv-ing agency, or the Secretary when acting in the role of a State approving agency,’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Sec-retary or the State approving agency’’ and inserting ‘‘the State approving agency, or the Secretary when acting in the role of a State approving agency’’. 
SEC. 11. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR APPROVAL FOR PURPOSES OF EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROVIDED BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS OF PROGRAMS DESIGNED TO PREPARE INDIVIDUALS FOR LICEN-SURE OR CERTIFICATION. 
(a) A PPROVAL OF NONACCREDITED  C
OURSES .—Subsection (c) of section 3676 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (14) as para-graph (16); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(14) In the case of a course designed to prepare an individual for licensure or certifi-cation in a State, the course— ‘‘(A) meets all instructional curriculum li-censure or certification requirements of such State; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a course designed to pre-pare an individual for licensure to practice law in a State, is accredited by an accred-iting agency or association recognized by the Secretary of Education under subpart 2 of part H of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1099b). ‘‘(15) In the case of a course designed to prepare an individual for employment pursu-ant to standards developed by a board or agency of a State in an occupation that re-quires approval, licensure, or certification, the course— ‘‘(A) meets such standards; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a course designed to pre-pare an individual for licensure to practice law in a State, is accredited by an accred-iting agency or association recognized by the Secretary of Education under subpart 2 of part H of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1099b).’’. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f)(1) The Secretary may waive the re-quirements of paragraph (14) or (15) of sub-section (c) in the case of a course of edu-cation offered by an educational institution (either accredited or not accredited) if the Secretary determines all of the following: ‘‘(A) The educational institution is not ac-credited by an agency or association recog-nized by the Secretary of Education. ‘‘(B) The course did not meet the require-ments of such paragraph at any time during the two-year period preceding the date of the waiver. ‘‘(C) The waiver furthers the purposes of the educational assistance programs admin-istered by the Secretary or would further the education interests of individuals eligible for assistance under such programs. ‘‘(D) The educational institution does not provide any commission, bonus, or other in-centive payment based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or finan-cial aid to any persons or entities engaged in any student recruiting or admission activi-ties or in making decisions regarding the award of student financial assistance, except for the recruitment of foreign students resid-ing in foreign countries who are not eligible to receive Federal student assistance. ‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary issues a waiver under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress notice of such waiver and a jus-tification for issuing such waiver.’’. (c) APPROVAL OF ACCREDITED COURSES .— Section 3675(b)(3) of such title, as amended by section 10, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3), (14), (15), and (16)’’; and (2) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘(or, with respect to such paragraphs (14) and (15), the requirements under such paragraphs are waived pursuant to subsection (f)(1) of section 3676 of this title)’’. (d) A
PPROVAL OF ACCREDITED STANDARD  C
OLLEGE DEGREE PROGRAMS OFFERED AT  P
UBLIC OR NOT-FOR-PROFIT EDUCATIONAL IN-
STITUTIONS .—Section 3672(b)(2) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘An accredited’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (C), an accredited’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) A course that is described in both sub-paragraph (A)(i) of this paragraph and in paragraph (14) or (15) of section 3676(c) of this title shall not be deemed to be approved for purposes of this chapter unless— ‘‘(i) a State approving agency, or the Sec-retary when acting in the role of a State ap-proving agency, determines that the course meets the applicable criteria in such para-graphs; or ‘‘(ii) the Secretary issues a waiver for such course under section 3676(f)(1) of this title.’’. (e) D
ISAPPROVAL OF COURSES .—Section 3679 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, the Secretary or the applica-ble State approving agency shall disapprove a course of education described in paragraph (14) or (15) of section 3676(c) of this title un-less the educational institution providing the course of education— ‘‘(1) publicly discloses any conditions or additional requirements, including training, experience, or examinations, required to ob-tain the license, certification, or approval for which the course of education is designed to provide preparation; and ‘‘(2) makes each disclosure required by paragraph (1) in a manner that the Secretary considers prominent (as specified by the Sec-retary in regulations prescribed for purposes of this subsection).’’. (f) A
PPLICABILITY .—If after enrollment in a course of education that is subject to dis-approval by reason of an amendment made by this Act, an individual pursues one or more courses of education at the same edu-cational institution while remaining con-tinuously enrolled (other than during regu-larly scheduled breaks between courses, se-mesters, or terms) at that institution, any course so pursued by the individual at that institution while so continuously enrolled shall not be subject to disapproval by reason of such amendment. 
SEC. 12. COMPLIANCE SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3693 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsection (a): ‘‘(a)(1) Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary shall conduct an annual compliance survey of educational institu-tions and training establishments offering one or more courses approved for the enroll-ment of eligible veterans or persons if at least 20 such veterans or persons are enrolled in any such course. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) design the compliance surveys re-quired by paragraph (1) to ensure that such institutions or establishments described in such paragraph, as the case may be, and ap-proved courses are in compliance with all ap-plicable provisions of chapters 30 through 36 of this title; ‘‘(B) survey each such educational institu-tion and training establishment not less than once during every two-year period; and ‘‘(C) assign not fewer than one education compliance specialist to work on compliance surveys in any year for each 40 compliance surveys required to be made under this sec-tion for such year. ‘‘(3) The Secretary, in consultation with the State approving agencies, shall— ‘‘(A) annually determine the parameters of the surveys required under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) not later than September 1 of each year, make available to the State approving agencies a list of the educational institu-tions and training establishments that will be surveyed during the fiscal year following the date of making such list available.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) In this section, the terms ‘educational institution’ and ‘training establishment’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 3452 of this title.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsection (a) of this sec-tion for an annual compliance survey’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1) for a compliance survey’’; (2) by striking ‘‘institution’’ and inserting ‘‘educational institution or training estab-lishment’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘institution’s demonstrated record of compliance’’ and inserting ‘‘record of compliance of such institution or estab-lishment’’. 
SEC. 13. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT RELATING TO IN-STATE TUITION RATE FOR INDI-VIDUALS TO WHOM ENTITLEMENT IS TRANSFERRED UNDER ALL-VOLUN-TEER FORCE EDUCATIONAL ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM AND POST-9/11 EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) T ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Subparagraph (B) of section 3679(c)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) An individual who is entitled to as-sistance under— ‘‘(i) section 3311(b)(9) of this title; or ‘‘(ii) section 3319 of this title by virtue of the individual’s relationship to— ‘‘(I) a veteran described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(II) a member of the uniformed services described in section 3319(b) of this title who is serving on active duty.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to a course, semester, or term that begins after July 1, 2017. 
SEC. 14. AUTHORITY OF DIRECTORS OF VET-ERANS INTEGRATED SERVICE NET-WORKS TO INVESTIGATE MEDICAL CENTERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of a Vet-erans Integrated Service Network of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs may contract with an appropriate entity specializing in ci-vilian accreditation or health care evalua-tion to investigate any medical center with-in such Network to assess and report defi-ciencies of the facilities at such medical cen-ter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.140 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7078 December 9, 2016 
(b) C OORDINATION .—Before entering into any contract under subsection (a), the Direc-tor of a Veterans Integrated Service Net-work shall notify the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and the Comp-troller General of the United States for pur-poses of coordinating any investigation con-ducted pursuant to such contract with any other investigations or accreditations that may be ongoing. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (1) to prevent the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs from conducting any review, audit, evaluation, or inspection regarding a topic for which a review is conducted under sub-section (a); or (2) to modify the requirement that employ-ees of the Department assist with any re-view, audit, evaluation, or inspection con-ducted by the Office of the Inspector General of the Department. 
SA 5183. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. T
HUNE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehensive security assessment of the transportation security card pro-gram, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTI-FICATION CREDENTIAL SECURITY CARD PROGRAM IMPROVEMENTS AND ASSESSMENT. 
(a) C REDENTIAL IMPROVEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall commence actions, consistent with section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, to improve the Trans-portation Security Administration’s process for vetting individuals with access to secure areas of vessels and maritime facilities. (2) R
EQUIRED ACTIONS .—The actions de-scribed under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) conducting a comprehensive risk anal-ysis of security threat assessment proce-dures, including— (i) identifying those procedures that need additional internal controls; and (ii) identifying best practices for quality assurance at every stage of the security threat assessment; (B) implementing the additional internal controls and best practices identified under subparagraph (A); (C) improving fraud detection techniques, such as— (i) by establishing benchmarks and a proc-ess for electronic document validation; (ii) by requiring annual training for Trust-ed Agents; and (iii) by reviewing any security threat as-sessment-related information provided by Trusted Agents and incorporating any new threat information into updated guidance under subparagraph (D); (D) updating the guidance provided to Trusted Agents regarding the vetting process and related regulations; (E) finalizing a manual for Trusted Agents and adjudicators on the vetting process; and (F) establishing quality controls to ensure consistent procedures to review adjudication decisions and terrorism vetting decisions. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security shall submit a report to Con-gress that evaluates the implementation of the actions described in paragraph (1). (b) COMPREHENSIVE SECURITY ASSESSMENT  
OF THE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY CARDPRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall com-mission an assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program (referred to in this section as ‘‘Program’’) re-quired under section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, at enhancing security and re-ducing security risks for facilities and ves-sels regulated under chapter 701 of that title. (2) L
OCATION .—The assessment commis-sioned under paragraph (1) shall be con-ducted by a research organization with sig-nificant experience in port or maritime secu-rity, such as— (A) a national laboratory; (B) a university-based center within the Science and Technology Directorate’s cen-ters of excellence network; or (C) a qualified federally-funded research and development center. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment commis-sioned under paragraph (1) shall— (A) review the credentialing process by de-termining— (i) the appropriateness of vetting stand-ards; (ii) whether the fee structure adequately reflects the current costs of vetting; (iii) whether there is unnecessary redun-dancy or duplication with other Federal- or State-issued transportation security creden-tials; and (iv) the appropriateness of having varied Federal and State threat assessments and access controls; (B) review the process for renewing appli-cations for Transportation Worker Identi-fication Credentials, including the number of days it takes to review application, appeal, and waiver requests for additional informa-tion; and (C) review the security value of the Pro-gram by— (i) evaluating the extent to which the Pro-gram, as implemented, addresses known or likely security risks in the maritime and port environments; (ii) evaluating the potential for a non-bio-metric credential alternative; (iii) identifying the technology, business process, and operational impacts of the use of the transportation security card and transportation security card readers in the maritime and port environments; (iv) assessing the costs and benefits of the Program, as implemented; and (v) evaluating the extent to which the Sec-retary of Homeland Security has addressed the deficiencies in the Program identified by the Government Accountability Office and the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security before the date of enact-ment of this Act. (4) D
EADLINES .—The assessment commis-sioned under paragraph (1) shall be com-pleted not later than 1 year after the date on which the assessment is commissioned. (5) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date that the assess-ment is completed, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives the results of the assessment commissioned under this subsection. (c) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN; PROGRAM RE-
FORMS .—If the assessment commissioned under subsection (b) identifies a deficiency in the effectiveness of the Program, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, not later than 60 days after the date on which the assess-ment is completed, shall submit a corrective action plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— (1) responds to findings of the assessment; (2) includes an implementation plan with benchmarks; (3) may include programmatic reforms, re-visions to regulations, or proposals for legis-lation; and (4) shall be considered in any rulemaking by the Department of Homeland Security re-lating to the Program. (d) INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—If a cor- rective action plan is submitted under sub-section (c), the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall— (1) not later than 120 days after the date of such submission, review the extent to which such plan implements the requirements under subsection (c); and (2) not later than 18 months after the date of such submission, and annually thereafter for 3 years, submit a report to the congres-sional committees set forth in subsection (c) that describes the progress of the implemen-tation of such plan. 
SA 5184. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. B AR-
RASSO ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1776, to enhance tribal road safe-ty, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal Infra-structure and Roads Enhancement and Safe-ty Act’’ or the ‘‘TIRES Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF SECRETARY. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. APPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU-SIONS TO CERTAIN TRIBAL TRANS-PORTATION FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION  S
AFETY PROJECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘tribal transportation safety project’’ means a project described in paragraph (2) that is eligible for funding under section 202 of title 23, United States Code, and that— (A) corrects or improves a hazardous road location or feature; or (B) addresses a highway safety problem. (2) P
ROJECTS DESCRIBED .—A project de-scribed in this paragraph is a project for 1 or more of the following: (A) An intersection safety improvement. (B) Pavement and shoulder widening (in-cluding the addition of a passing lane to remedy an unsafe condition). (C) Installation of rumble strips or another warning device, if the rumble strips or other warning devices do not adversely affect the safety or mobility of bicyclists and pedes-trians, including persons with disabilities. (D) Installation of a skid-resistant surface at an intersection or other location with a high frequency of crashes. (E) An improvement for pedestrian or bicy-clist safety or the safety of persons with dis-abilities. (F) Construction and improvement of a railway-highway grade crossing safety fea-ture, including the installation of protective devices. (G) The conduct of a model traffic enforce-ment activity at a railway-highway crossing. (H) Construction of a traffic calming fea-ture. (I) Elimination of a roadside hazard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.140 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7079 December 9, 2016 
(J) Installation, replacement, and other improvements of highway signage and pave-ment markings or a project to maintain min-imum levels of retroreflectivity that ad-dresses a highway safety problem consistent with a State strategic highway safety plan. (K) Installation of a priority control sys-tem for emergency vehicles at signalized intersections. (L) Installation of a traffic control or other warning device at a location with high crash potential. (M) Transportation safety planning. (N) Collection, analysis, and improvement of safety data. (O) Planning integrated interoperable emergency communications equipment, operational activities, or traffic enforcement activities (including police assistance) relat-ing to work zone safety. (P) Installation of guardrails, barriers (in-cluding barriers between construction work zones and traffic lanes for the safety of road users and workers), and crash attenuators. (Q) The addition or retrofitting of struc-tures or other measures to eliminate or re-duce crashes involving vehicles and wildlife. (R) Installation of yellow-green signs and signals at pedestrian and bicycle crossings and in school zones. (S) Construction and operational improve-ments on a high risk rural road (as defined in section 148(a) of title 23, United States Code). (T) Geometric improvements to a road for the purposes of safety improvement. (U) A road safety audit. (V) Roadway safety infrastructure im-provements consistent with the rec-ommendations included in the publication of the Federal Highway Administration enti-tled ‘‘Handbook for Designing Roadways for the Aging Population’’ (FHWA–SA–14–015), dated June 2014 (or a revised or updated pub-lication). (W) Truck parking facilities eligible for funding under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note; Public Law 112–141). (X) Systemic safety improvements. (Y) Installation of vehicle-to-infrastruc-ture communication equipment. (Z) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. (AA) Roadway improvements that provide separation between pedestrians and motor vehicles, including medians and pedestrian crossing islands. (BB) A physical infrastructure safety project not described in subparagraphs (A) through (AA). (b) N
EWCATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .— (1) R
EVIEW OF EXISTING CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SIONS .—The Secretary shall review the cat-egorical exclusions under section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), to determine which, if any, are applicable for use by the Secretary in review of projects eligible for assistance under section 202 of title 23, United States Code. (2) R
EVIEW OF TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION  
SAFETY PROJECTS .—The Secretary shall iden-tify tribal transportation safety projects that meet the requirements for categorical exclusions under sections 1507.3 and 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) P
ROPOSAL .—The Secretary shall issue a proposed rule, in accordance with sections 1507.3 and 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, to propose any categorical ex-clusions identified under paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and after considering any comments on the pro-posed rule issued under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall promulgate a final rule for the categorical exclusions, in accordance with sections 1507.3 and 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. (5) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of Transportation shall provide technical as-sistance to the Secretary in carrying out this subsection. (c) R
EVIEWS OF TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION  S
AFETY PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the head of another Federal agency responsible for a decision related to a tribal transportation safety project shall complete any approval or decision for the review of the tribal trans-portation safety project required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other applica-ble Federal law on an expeditious basis using the shortest existing applicable process. (2) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .—Not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of a complete application by an Indian tribe for approval of a tribal transportation safety project, the Secretary shall— (A) take final action on the application; or (B) provide the Indian tribe a schedule for completion of the review described in para-graph (1), including the identification of any other Federal agency that has jurisdiction with respect to the project. (3) D
ECISIONS UNDER OTHER FEDERAL  
LAWS .—In any case in which a decision under any other Federal law relating to a tribal transportation safety project (including the issuance or denial of a permit or license) is required, not later than 45 days after the Secretary has made all decisions of the lead agency under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to the project, the head of the Fed-eral agency responsible for the decision shall— (A) make the applicable decision; or (B) provide the Indian tribe a schedule for making the decision. (4) E
XTENSIONS .—The Secretary or the head of an applicable Federal agency may extend the period under paragraph (2) or (3), as ap-plicable, by an additional 30 days by pro-viding the Indian tribe notice of the exten-sion, including a statement of the need for the extension. (5) N
OTIFICATION AND EXPLANATION .—In any case in which a required action is not com-pleted by the deadline under paragraph (2), (3), or (4), as applicable, the Secretary or the head of a Federal agency, as applicable, shall— (A) notify the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives of the failure to comply with the deadline; and (B) provide to the Committees described in subparagraph (A) a detailed explanation of the reasons for the failure to comply with the deadline. 
SEC. 4. PROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENTS FOR CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter into programmatic agreements with Indian tribes that establish efficient administrative procedures for carrying out environmental reviews for projects eligible for assistance under section 202 of title 23, United States Code. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—A programmatic agree-ment under subsection (a)— (1) may include an agreement that allows an Indian tribe to determine, on behalf of the Secretary, whether a project is categorically excluded from the preparation of an environ-mental assessment or environmental impact statement under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (2) shall— (A) require that the Indian tribe maintain adequate capacity in terms of personnel and other resources to carry out applicable agen-cy responsibilities pursuant to section 1507.2 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); (B) set forth the responsibilities of the In-dian tribe for making categorical exclusion determinations, documenting the determina-tions, and achieving acceptable quality con-trol and quality assurance; (C) allow— (i) the Secretary to monitor compliance of the Indian tribe with the terms of the agree-ment; and (ii) the Indian tribe to execute any needed corrective action; (D) contain stipulations for amendments, termination, and public availability of the agreement once the agreement has been exe-cuted; and (E) have a term of not more than 5 years, with an option for renewal based on a review by the Secretary of the performance of the Indian tribe. SA 5185. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. K
ING) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4245, to exempt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. EXPEDITED EXPORTATION OF CER-TAIN SPECIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’) shall issue a proposed rule to amend section 14.92 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to establish expedited pro-cedures relating to the export permission re-quirements of section 9(d)(1) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)) for fish or wildlife described in subsection (c). (b) E
XEMPTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the rulemaking under subsection (a), subject to paragraph (2), the Director may provide an exemption from the requirement to procure— (A) permission under section 9(d)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)); or (B) an export license under subpart I of part 14 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (2) L
IMITATIONS .—The Director shall not provide an exemption under paragraph (1)— (A) unless the Director determines that the exemption will not have a significant nega-tive impact on the conservation of the spe-cies that is the subject of the exemption; or (B) to an entity that has been convicted of a violation of a Federal law relating to the importation, transportation, or exportation of wildlife during a period of not less than 5 years ending on the date on which the entity applies for exemption under paragraph (1). (c) C
OVERED FISH OR WILDLIFE .—The fish or wildlife described in this subsection are the species commonly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers (including any product of a sea urchin or sea cucumber) that— (1) do not require a permit under part 16, 17, or 23 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions; and (2) are exported for purposes of human or animal consumption. 
SA 5186. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. G
ARDNER (for himself and Mr. P ETERS )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3084, to invest in innovation through research and development, and to im-prove the competitiveness of the United States; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.142 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7080 December 9, 2016 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Innovation and Competitive-ness Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—MAXIMIZING BASIC RESEARCH Sec. 101. Reaffirmation of merit-based peer review. Sec. 102. Transparency and accountability. Sec. 103. EPSCoR reaffirmation and update. Sec. 104. Cybersecurity research. Sec. 105. Networking and Information Tech-nology Research and Develop-ment Update. Sec. 106. Physical sciences coordination. Sec. 107. Laboratory program improve-ments. Sec. 108. Standard Reference Data Act up-date. Sec. 109. NSF mid-scale project investments. Sec. 110. Oversight of NSF major multi-user research facility projects. Sec. 111. Personnel oversight. Sec. 112. Management of the U.S. Antarctic Program. Sec. 113. NIST campus security. Sec. 114. Coordination of sustainable chem-istry research and development. Sec. 115. Misrepresentation of research re-sults. Sec. 116. Research reproducibility and rep-lication. Sec. 117. Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies Initiative. TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE AND REGULATORY BURDEN REDUCTION Sec. 201. Interagency working group on re-search regulation. Sec. 202. Scientific and technical collabora-tion. Sec. 203. NIST grants and cooperative agree-ments update. Sec. 204. Repeal of certain obsolete reports. Sec. 205. Repeal of certain provisions. Sec. 206. Grant subrecipient transparency and oversight. Sec. 207. Micro-purchase threshold for pro-curement solicitations by re-search institutions. Sec. 208. Coordination of international science and technology partner-ships. TITLE III—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATH EDUCATION Sec. 301. Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program update. Sec. 302. Space grants. Sec. 303. STEM Education Advisory Panel. Sec. 304. Committee on STEM Education. Sec. 305. Programs to expand STEM oppor-tunities. Sec. 306. NIST education and outreach. Sec. 307. Presidential awards for excellence in STEM mentoring. Sec. 308. Working group on inclusion in STEM fields. Sec. 309. Improving undergraduate STEM experiences. Sec. 310. Computer science education re-search. Sec. 311. Informal STEM education. Sec. 312. Developing STEM apprenticeships. Sec. 313. NSF report on broadening partici-pation. Sec. 314. NOAA science education programs. Sec. 315. Hispanic-serving institutions un-dergraduate program update. TITLE IV—LEVERAGING THE PRIVATE SECTOR Sec. 401. Prize competition authority up-date. Sec. 402. Crowdsourcing and citizen science. Sec. 403. NIST director functions update. Sec. 404. NIST Visiting Committee on Ad-vanced Technology update. TITLE V—MANUFACTURING Sec. 501. Hollings manufacturing extension partnership improvements. TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER Sec. 601. Innovation corps. Sec. 602. Translational research grants. Sec. 603. Optics and photonics technology innovations. Sec. 604. United States chief technology offi-cer. Sec. 605. National research council study on technology for emergency noti-fications on campuses. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, unless expressly provided oth-erwise: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives. (2) F
EDERAL SCIENCE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal science agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6623). (3) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Science Foundation. (4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). (5) NIST.—The term ‘‘NIST’’ means the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology. (6) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the American COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). (7) STEM 
EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘STEM education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the STEM Education Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). TITLE I—MAXIMIZING BASIC RESEARCH 
SEC. 101. REAFFIRMATION OF MERIT-BASED PEER REVIEW. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) sustained, predictable Federal funding of basic research is essential to United States leadership in science and technology; (2) the Foundation’s intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria are appropriate for evaluating grant proposals, as concluded by the 2011 National Science Board Task Force on Merit Review; (3) evaluating proposals on the basis of the Foundation’s intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria should be used to assure that the Foundation’s activities are in the national interest as these reviews can affirm that— (A) the proposals funded by the Foundation are of high quality and advance scientific knowledge; and (B) the Foundation’s grants address soci-etal needs through basic research findings or through related activities; and (4) as evidenced by the Foundation’s con-tributions to scientific advancement, eco-nomic growth, human health, and national security, its peer review and merit review processes have identified and funded scientif-ically and societally relevant basic research and should be preserved. (b) M
ERIT REVIEW CRITERIA .—The Founda-tion shall maintain the intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria, among other specific criteria as appropriate, as the basis for evaluating grant proposals in the merit review process. (c) UPDATES .—If after the date of enact-ment of this Act a change is made to the merit-review process, the Director shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 30 days after the date of the change. 
SEC. 102. TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .— (1) building the understanding of and con-fidence in investments in basic research is essential to public support for sustained, pre-dictable Federal funding; (2) the Foundation has improved trans-parency and accountability of the outcomes made through the merit review process, but additional transparency into individual grants is valuable in communicating and as-suring the public value of federally funded research; and (3) the Foundation should commit to trans-parency and accountability and to clear, consistent public communication regarding the national interest for each Foundation- awarded grant and cooperative agreement. (b) G
UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall issue and periodically update, as appropriate, policy guidance for both Foun-dation staff and other Foundation merit re-view process participants on the importance of transparency and accountability to the outcomes made through the merit review process. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The guidance under paragraph (1) shall require that each public notice of a Foundation-funded research project justify the expenditure of Federal funds by— (A) describing how the project— (i) reflects the statutory mission of the Foundation, as established in the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.); and (ii) addresses the Foundation’s intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria; and (B) clearly identifying the research goals of the project in a manner that can be easily understood by both technical and non-tech-nical audiences. (c) B
ROADER IMPACTS REVIEW CRITERION  U
PDATE .—Section 526(a) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p-14(a)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) G
OALS .—The Foundation shall apply a broader impacts review criterion to identify and demonstrate project support of the fol-lowing goals: ‘‘(1) Increasing the economic competitive-ness of the United States. ‘‘(2) Advancing of the health and welfare of the American public. ‘‘(5) Developing an American STEM work-force that is globally competitive through improved pre-kindergarten through grade 12 STEM education and teacher development, and improved undergraduate STEM edu-cation and instruction. ‘‘(6) Improving public scientific literacy and engagement with science and technology in the United States. ‘‘(4) Enhancing partnerships between aca-demia and industry in the United States. ‘‘(3) Supporting the national defense of the United States. ‘‘(7) Expanding participation of women and individuals from underrepresented groups in STEM.’’. 
SEC. 103. EPSCOR REAFFIRMATION AND UPDATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 517(a) of the Amer-ica COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The National’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the National’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7081 December 9, 2016 
(B) by striking ‘‘education,’’ and inserting ‘‘education’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘with 27 States’’ and all that follows through the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘with 28 States and jurisdictions, taken together, re-ceiving only about 12 percent of all National Science Foundation research funding;’’; (3) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) each of the States described in para-graph (2) receives only a fraction of 1 percent of the Foundation’s research dollars each year;’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) first established at the National Science Foundation in 1979, the Experi-mental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (referred to in this section as ‘EPSCoR’) assists States and jurisdictions historically underserved by Federal research and development funding in strengthening their research and innovation capabilities; ‘‘(5) the EPSCoR structure requires each participating State to develop a science and technology plan suited to State and local re-search, education, and economic interests and objectives; ‘‘(6) EPSCoR has been credited with ad-vancing the research competitiveness of par-ticipating States, improving awareness of science, promoting policies that link sci-entific investment and economic growth, and encouraging partnerships between govern-ment, industry, and academia; ‘‘(7) EPSCoR proposals are evaluated through a rigorous and competitive merit-re-view process to ensure that awarded research and development efforts meet high scientific standards; and ‘‘(8) according to the National Academy of Sciences, EPSCoR has strengthened the na-tional research infrastructure and enhanced the educational opportunities needed to de-velop the science and engineering work-force.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) since maintaining the Nation’s sci-entific and economic leadership requires the participation of talented individuals nation-wide, EPSCoR investments into State re-search and education capacities are in the Federal interest and should be sustained; and (B) EPSCoR should maintain its experi-mental component by supporting innovative methods for improving research capacity and competitiveness. (2) D
EFINITION OF EPSCOR .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘EPSCoR’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 502 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p note). (c) A
WARD STRUCTURE UPDATES .—Section 517 of the America COMPETES Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
WARD STRUCTURE UPDATES .—In im- plementing the mandate to maximize the impact of Federal EPSCoR support on build-ing competitive research infrastructure, and based on the inputs and recommendations of previous EPSCoR reviews, the head of each Federal agency administering an EPSCoR program shall— ‘‘(1) consider modifications to EPSCoR proposal solicitation, award type, and project evaluation— ‘‘(A) to more closely align with current agency priorities and initiatives; ‘‘(B) to focus EPSCoR funding on achieving critical scientific, infrastructure, and edu-cational needs of that agency; ‘‘(C) to encourage collaboration between EPSCoR-eligible institutions and research-ers, including with institutions and research-ers in other States and jurisdictions; ‘‘(D) to improve communication between State and Federal agency proposal reviewers; and ‘‘(E) to continue to reduce administrative burdens associated with EPSCoR; ‘‘(2) consider modifications to EPSCoR award structures— ‘‘(A) to emphasize long-term investments in building research capacity, potentially through the use of larger, renewable funding opportunities; and ‘‘(B) to allow the agency, States, and juris-dictions to experiment with new research and development funding models; and ‘‘(3) consider modifications to the mecha-nisms used to monitor and evaluate EPSCoR awards— ‘‘(A) to increase collaboration between EPSCoR-funded researchers and agency staff, including by providing opportunities for mentoring young researchers and for the use of Federal facilities; ‘‘(B) to identify and disseminate best prac-tices; and ‘‘(C) to harmonize metrics across partici-pating Federal agencies, as appropriate.’’. (d) REPORTS .— (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL REPORTS .—Section 517 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9), as amended, is further amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); (B) by redesignating subsections (d) through (g) as subsections (c) through (f), re-spectively; (C) in subsection (c), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Experi-mental Programs to Stimulate Competitive Research’’ and inserting ‘‘EPSCoR’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraphs (A) and (E), by strik-ing ‘‘EPSCoR and Federal EPSCoR-like pro-grams’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; (II) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR and other Federal EPSCoR-like programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; (III) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR or Federal EPSCoR-like pro-grams’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; and (IV) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; and (D) by amending subsection (d), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL AGENCY REPORTS .—Each Fed-eral agency that administers an EPSCoR shall submit to Congress, as part of its Fed-eral budget submission— ‘‘(1) a description of the program strategy and objectives; ‘‘(2) a description of the awards made in the previous fiscal year, including— ‘‘(A) the total amount made available, by State, under EPSCoR; ‘‘(B) the total amount of agency funding made available to all institutions and enti-ties within each EPSCoR State; ‘‘(C) the efforts and accomplishments to more fully integrate the EPSCoR States in major agency activities and initiatives; ‘‘(D) the percentage of EPSCoR reviewers from EPSCoR States; and ‘‘(E) the number of programs or large col-laborator awards involving a partnership of organizations and institutions from EPSCoR and non-EPSCoR States; and ‘‘(3) an analysis of the gains in academic research quality and competitiveness, and in science and technology human resource de-velopment, achieved by the program over the last 5 fiscal years.’’; and (E) in subsection (e)(1), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘Experimental Program to Stimu-late Competitive Research or a program similar to the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research’’ and in-serting ‘‘EPSCoR’’. (2) RESULTS OF AWARD STRUCTURE PLAN .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the EPSCoR Interagency Coordinating Committee shall brief the ap-propriate committees of Congress on the up-dates made to the award structure under 517(f) of the America COMPETES Reauthor-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9(f)), as amended by this subsection. (e) D
EFINITION OF EPSC OR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 502 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p note) is amended by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) EPSC
OR.—The term ‘EPSCoR’ means— ‘‘(A) the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research established by the Foundation; or ‘‘(B) a program similar to the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research at another Federal agency.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 113 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1862g) is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
EXPERI -
MENTAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ESTABLISHED ’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an Ex-perimental Program to Stimulate Competi-tive Research’’ and inserting ‘‘a program to stimulate competitive research (known as the ‘Established Program to Stimulate Com-petitive Research’)’’; and (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘the Program’’. 
SEC. 104. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH. 
(a) F OUNDATION CYBERSECURITY RE-
SEARCH .—Section 4(a)(1) of the Cyber Secu-rity Research and Development Act, as amended (15 U.S.C. 7403(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (O), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (P), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(Q) security of election-dedicated voting system software and hardware; and ‘‘(R) role of the human factor in cybersecu-rity and the interplay of computers and hu-mans and the physical world.’’. (b) NIST C
YBERSECURITY PRIORITIES .— (1) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE AWARENESS .— The Director of NIST shall continue to raise public awareness of the voluntary, industry- led cybersecurity standards and best prac-tices for critical infrastructure developed under section 2(c)(15) of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)(15)). (2) Q
UANTUM COMPUTING .—Under section 2(b) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(b)) and section 20 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-3), the Director of NIST shall— (A) research information systems for fu-ture cybersecurity needs; and (B) coordinate with relevant stakeholders to develop a process— (i) to research and identify or, if necessary, develop cryptography standards and guide-lines for future cybersecurity needs, includ-ing quantum-resistant cryptography stand-ards; and (ii) to provide recommendations to Con-gress, Federal agencies, and industry con-sistent with the National Technology Trans-fer and Advancement Act of 1995 (Public Law 104–113; 110 Stat. 775), for a secure and smooth transition to the standards under clause (i). (3) F
EDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS RE -
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—Section 20(d)(3) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g–3(d)(3)) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7082 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(3) conduct research and analysis— ‘‘(A) to determine the nature and extent of information security vulnerabilities and techniques for providing cost-effective infor-mation security; ‘‘(B) to review and determine prevalent in-formation security challenges and defi-ciencies identified by agencies or the Insti-tute, including any challenges or deficiencies described in any of the annual reports under section 3553 or 3554 of title 44, United States Code, and in any of the reports and the inde-pendent evaluations under section 3555 of that title, that may undermine the effective-ness of agency information security pro-grams and practices; and ‘‘(C) to evaluate the effectiveness and suffi-ciency of, and challenges to, Federal agen-cies’ implementation of standards and guide-lines developed under this section and poli-cies and standards promulgated under sec-tion 11331 of title 40, United States Code;’’. (4) V
OTING .—Section 2(c) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (16) through (23) as paragraphs (17) through (24), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (15) the following: ‘‘(16) perform research to support the de-velopment of voluntary, consensus-based, in-dustry-led standards and recommendations on the security of computers, computer net-works, and computer data storage used in election systems to ensure voters can vote securely and privately.’’. 
SEC. 105. NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT UPDATE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Mod-ernization Act of 2016’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Section 2 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5501) is amended— (1) in paragraphs (2) and (5), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘networking and information tech-nology, including high-performance com-puting,’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology, includ-ing high-performance computing’’; (c) P
URPOSES .—Section 3 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5502) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expanding Federal support for research, development, and application of high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘supporting Federal research, development, and application of networking and informa-tion technology’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘networking and infor-mation technology’’; (C) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D); (D) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) stimulate research on and promote more rapid development of high-end com-puting systems software and applications software;’’; (E) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (H) as subparagraphs (D) through (G), respectively; (F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by inserting ‘‘high-end’’ after ‘‘the develop-ment of’’; (G) in subparagraphs (E) and (F), as redes-ignated, by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (H) in subparagraph (G), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘high-performance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘high-end’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting and’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting network’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’. (d) DEFINITIONS .—Section 4 of the High- Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5503) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (3) and (5); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (4), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (8), and (9), respectively; (3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(1) ‘cyber-physical systems’ means phys-ical or engineered systems whose networking and information technology functions and physical elements are deeply integrated and are actively connected to the physical world through sensors, actuators, or other means to enable safe and effective, real-time per-formance in safety-critical and other appli-cations;’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(4) ‘high-end computing’ means the most advanced and capable computing systems, including their hardware, storage, net-working and software, encompassing both massive computational capability and large- scale data analytics to solve computational problems of national importance that are be-yond the capability of small- to medium- scale systems, including computing formerly known as high-performance computing;’’; (6) by inserting after paragraph (5), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(6) ‘networking and information tech-nology’ means high-end computing, commu-nications, and information technologies, high-capacity and high-speed networks, spe-cial purpose and experimental systems, high- end computing systems software and applica-tions software, and the management of large data sets; ‘‘(7) ‘participating agency’ means an agen-cy described in section 101(a)(3)(C);’’; and (7) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Com-puting Program’’ and inserting ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program’’. (e) T
ITLE I HEADING .—The heading of title I of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘HIGH-PERFORMANCE COM-PUTING’’ and inserting ‘‘NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ’’. (f) N
ETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECH-
NOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 101 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
NA-
TIONAL HIGH -PERFORMANCE COMPUTING PRO -
GRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘ NETWORKING AND INFOR -
MATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT PROGRAM ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘N
ATIONAL HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTING  P
ROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘N ETWORKING AND  I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Computing Program’’ and inserting ‘‘Net-working and Information Technology Re-search and Development Program’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing, including net-working’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology’’; (iii) in subparagraphs (B) and (G), by strik-ing ‘‘high-performance’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; (iv) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing and networking’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end computing, distrib-uted, and networking’’; (v) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) provide for efforts to increase soft-ware security and reliability;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (H)— (I) by inserting ‘‘support and guidance’’ after ‘‘provide’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (vii) in subparagraph (I)— (I) by striking ‘‘improving the security’’ and inserting ‘‘improving the security, reli-ability, and resilience’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (viii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) provide for increased understanding of the scientific principles of cyber-physical systems and improve the methods available for the design, development, and operation of cyber-physical systems that are character-ized by high reliability, safety, and security; ‘‘(K) provide for research and development on human-computer interactions, visualiza-tion, and big data; ‘‘(L) provide for research and development on the enhancement of cybersecurity, includ-ing the human facets of cyber threats and se-cure cyber systems; ‘‘(M) provide for the understanding of the science, engineering, policy, and privacy pro-tection related to networking and informa-tion technology; ‘‘(N) provide for the transition of high-end computing hardware, system software, devel-opment tools, and applications into develop-ment and operations; and ‘‘(O) foster public-private collaboration among government, industry research lab-oratories, academia, and nonprofit organiza-tions to maximize research and development efforts and the benefits of networking and information technology, including high-end computing.’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) establish the goals and priorities for Federal networking and information tech-nology research, development, education, and other activities;’’; (ii) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) provide for interagency coordination of Federal networking and information tech-nology research, development, education, and other activities undertaken pursuant to the Program— ‘‘(i) among the participating agencies; and ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, with other Federal agencies not described in paragraph (3)(C), other Federal and private research laboratories, industry, research entities, in-stitutions of higher education, relevant non-profit organizations, and international part-ners of the United States;’’; (iii) by amending subparagraph (E) to read as follows: ‘‘(E) encourage and monitor the efforts of the agencies participating in the Program to allocate the level of resources and manage-ment attention necessary to ensure that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7083 December 9, 2016 
strategic plans under subsection (e) are de-veloped and executed effectively and that the objectives of the Program are met; and’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘high- performance’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; and (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (C), (D), (E), and (G), respectively; (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the nature and scope of research infrastructure designated as such under the Program;’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) the Department of Justice;’’; (II) by redesignating clauses (vii) through (xi) as clauses (viii) through (xii), respec-tively; (III) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity;’’; and (IV) by amending clause (viii), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) the National Archives and Records Administration;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘is submitted,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘is submitted, the levels for the previous fiscal year,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘each Program Component Area;’’ and inserting ‘‘each Program Compo-nent Area and research area supported in ac-cordance with section 102;’’; (v) by amending subparagraph (E), as re-designated, to read as follows: ‘‘(E) describe the levels of Federal funding for each participating agency, and for each Program Component Area, for the fiscal year during which such report is submitted, the levels for the previous fiscal year, and the levels proposed for the fiscal year with re-spect to which the budget submission ap-plies;’’; and (vi) by inserting after subparagraph (E), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(F) include a description of how the objec-tives for each Program Component Area, and the objectives for activities that involve multiple Program Component Areas, relate to the objectives of the Program identified in the strategic plans required under sub-section (e); and’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (ii) after the first sentence, by inserting the following: ‘‘Each chair of the advisory committee shall meet the qualifications of committee membership and may be a mem-ber of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing, networking tech-nology, and related software’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘2’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Committee on Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘The first report shall be due within 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the America COMPETES Act.’’; (4) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ERIODIC REVIEWS .—The heads of the participating agencies, working through the National Science and Technology Council and the Program, shall— ‘‘(1) periodically assess and update, as ap-propriate, the structure of the Program, in-cluding the Program Component Areas and associated contents, scope, and funding lev-els, taking into consideration any relevant recommendations of the advisory committee established under subsection (b); and ‘‘(2) ensure that such agency’s implementa-tion of the Program includes foundational, large-scale, long-term, and interdisciplinary information technology research and devel-opment activities, including activities de-scribed in section 102. ‘‘(e) S
TRATEGIC PLANS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The heads of the partici-pating agencies, working through the Na-tional Science and Technology Council and the Program, shall develop and implement strategic plans to guide— ‘‘(A) emerging activities of Federal net-working and information technology re-search and development; and ‘‘(B) the activities described in subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—The heads of the partici-pating agencies shall update the strategic plans as appropriate. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—Each strategic plan shall— ‘‘(A) specify near-term and long-term ob-jectives for the portions of the Program rel-evant to the strategic plan, the anticipated schedule for achieving the near-term and long-term objectives, and the metrics to be used for assessing progress toward the near- term and long-term objectives; ‘‘(B) specify how the near-term and long- term objectives complement research and de-velopment areas in which academia and the private sector are actively engaged; ‘‘(C) describe how the heads of the partici-pating agencies will support mechanisms for foundational, large-scale, long-term, and interdisciplinary information technology re-search and development and for Grand Chal-lenges, including through collaborations— ‘‘(i) across Federal agencies; ‘‘(ii) across Program Component Areas; and ‘‘(iii) with industry, Federal and private research laboratories, research entities, in-stitutions of higher education, relevant non-profit organizations, and international part-ners of the United States; ‘‘(D) describe how the heads of the partici-pating agencies will foster the rapid transfer of research and development results into new technologies and applications in the national interest, including through cooperation and collaborations with networking and informa-tion technology research, development, and technology transition initiatives supported by the States; and ‘‘(E) describe how the portions of the Pro-gram relevant to the strategic plan will ad-dress long-term challenges for which solu-tions require foundational, large-scale, long- term, and interdisciplinary information technology research and development. ‘‘(4) P
RIVATE SECTOR EFFORTS .—In devel- oping, implementing, and updating strategic plans, the heads of the participating agen-cies, working through the National Science and Technology Council and the Program, shall coordinate with industry, academia, and other interested stakeholders to ensure, to the extent practicable, that the Federal networking and information technology re-search and development activities carried out under this section do not duplicate the efforts of the private sector. ‘‘(5) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—In developing and updating strategic plans, the heads of the participating agencies shall solicit rec-ommendations and advice from— ‘‘(A) the advisory committee under sub-section (b); ‘‘(B) the Committee on Science and rel-evant subcommittees of the National Science and Technology Council; and ‘‘(C) a wide range of stakeholders, includ-ing industry, academia, National Labora-tories, and other relevant organizations and institutions. ‘‘(f) REPORTS .—The heads of the partici-pating agencies, working through the Na-tional Science and Technology Council and the Program, shall submit to the advisory committee, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives— ‘‘(1) the strategic plans developed under subsection (e)(1); and ‘‘(2) each update under subsection (e)(2).’’. (g) N
ATIONAL RESEARCH AND EDUCATION  N
ETWORK .—Section 102 of the High-Perform-ance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5512) is repealed. (h) N
EXT GENERATION INTERNET .—Section 103 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5513) is repealed. (i) G
RAND CHALLENGES IN AREAS OF NA-
TIONAL IMPORTANCE .—Title I of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 102. GRAND CHALLENGES IN AREAS OF NA-TIONAL IMPORTANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Program shall en-courage the participating agencies to sup-port foundational, large-scale, long-term, interdisciplinary, and interagency informa-tion technology research and development activities in networking and information technology directed toward agency mission areas that have the potential for significant contributions to national economic competi-tiveness and for other significant societal benefits. Such activities, ranging from basic research to the demonstration of technical solutions, shall be designed to advance the development of fundamental discoveries. The advisory committee established under sec-tion 101(b) shall make recommendations to the Program for candidate research and de-velopment areas for support under this sec-tion. ‘‘(b) C
HARACTERISTICS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Research and develop-ment activities under this section shall— ‘‘(A) include projects selected on the basis of applications for support through a com-petitive, merit-based process; ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, involve col-laborations among researchers in institu-tions of higher education and industry, and may involve nonprofit research institutions and Federal laboratories, as appropriate; ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, leverage Federal investments through collaboration with related State and private sector initia-tives; and ‘‘(D) include a plan for fostering the trans-fer of research discoveries and the results of technology demonstration activities, includ-ing from institutions of higher education and Federal laboratories, to industry for com-mercial development. ‘‘(2) C
OST-SHARING .—In selecting applica-tions for support, the agencies may give spe-cial consideration to projects that include cost sharing from non-Federal sources.’’. (j) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 201 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5521) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7084 December 9, 2016 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘high-end’’ after ‘‘National Science Foundation shall provide’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ and all that follows through ‘‘net-working;’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology; and’’; (C) by striking paragraphs (2) through (4); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) the National Science Foundation shall use its existing programs, in collaboration with other agencies, as appropriate, to im-prove the teaching and learning of net-working and information technology at all levels of education and to increase participa-tion in networking and information tech-nology fields, including by individuals iden-tified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a and 1885b).’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). (k) N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE AD-
MINISTRATION ACTIVITIES .—Section 202 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5522) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; (2) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology’’; and (3) by striking subsection (b). (l) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY ACTIVITIES .— Section 203 of the High-Performance Com-puting Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5523) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing and networking’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘high- performance’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; and (4) by striking subsection (b). (m) D
EPARTMENT OF COMMERCE ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 204 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5524) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing systems and net-works’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and infor-mation technology systems and capabili-ties’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘inter-operability of high-performance computing systems in networks and for common user interfaces to systems’’ and inserting ‘‘inter-operability and usability of networking and information technology systems’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘H
IGH-PER-
FORMANCE COMPUTING AND NETWORK ’’ and in- serting ‘‘N
ETWORKING AND INFORMATION  T
ECHNOLOGY ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Pursuant to the Computer Security Act of 1987 (Public Law 100–235; 101 Stat. 1724), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘sensitive information in Federal computer systems’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal agency information and informa-tion systems’’; and (3) by striking subsections (c) and (d). (n) E
NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  A
CTIVITIES .—Section 205 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5525) is repealed. (o) R
OLE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF EDU-
CATION .—Section 206 of the High-Perform-ance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5526) is repealed. (p) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .—Section 207 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5527) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) through (5) of section 2315(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3552(b)(6)(A)(i) of title 44’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology’’. (q) REPEAL .—Section 208 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5528) is repealed. (r) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION RE-
SEARCH .—Section 4(b)(5)(K) of the Cyber Se-curity Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7403(b)(5)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’. (s) N
ATIONAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 13202(b) of the America Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 17912(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘National High-Per-formance Computing Program’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Networking and Information Tech-nology Research and Development Pro-gram’’. (t) F
EDERAL CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT .—Section 201(a)(4) of the Cy-bersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7431(a)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘clauses (i) through (x)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) through (xi)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘under clause (xi)’’ and in-serting ‘‘under clause (xii)’’. (u) A
DDITIONAL REPEAL .—Section 4 of the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5543) is repealed. 
SEC. 106. PHYSICAL SCIENCES COORDINATION. 
(a) H IGH-ENERGY PHYSICS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Physical Science Sub-committee of the National Science and Tech-nology Council (referred to in this section as ‘‘Subcommittee’’) shall continue to coordi-nate Federal efforts related to high-energy physics research to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of United States invest-ment in high-energy physics. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Sub-committee include— (A) to advise and assist the Committee on Science and the National Science and Tech-nology Council on United States policies, procedures, and plans in the physical sciences, including high-energy physics; and (B) to identify emerging opportunities, stimulate international cooperation, and fos-ter the development of the physical sciences in the United States, including— (i) in high-energy physics research, includ-ing related underground science and engi-neering research; (ii) in physical infrastructure and facili-ties; (iii) in information and analysis; and (iv) in coordination activities. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In regard to coordi-nating Federal efforts related to high-energy physics research, the Subcommittee shall, taking into account the findings and rec-ommendations of relevant advisory commit-tees— (A) provide recommendations on planning for construction and stewardship of large fa-cilities participating in high-energy physics; (B) provide recommendations on research coordination and collaboration among the programs and activities of Federal agencies related to underground science, neutrino re-search, dark energy, and dark matter re-search; (C) establish goals and priorities for high- energy physics, related underground science, and research and development that will strengthen United States competitiveness in high-energy physics; (D) propose methods for engagement with international, Federal, and State agencies and Federal laboratories not represented on the National Science and Technology Coun-cil to identify and reduce regulatory, logistical, and fiscal barriers that inhibit United States leadership in high-energy physics and related underground science; and (E) develop, and update as necessary, a strategic plan to guide Federal programs and activities in support of high-energy physics research, including— (i) the efforts taken in support of para-graph (2) since the last strategic plan; (ii) an evaluation of the current research needs for maintaining United States leader-ship in high-energy physics; and (iii) an identification of future priorities in the area of high-energy physics. (b) RADIATION BIOLOGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Subcommittee shall continue to coordinate Federal efforts re-lated to radiation biology research to maxi-mize the efficiency and effectiveness of United States investment in radiation biol-ogy. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES FOR RADIATION BIOL -
OGY.—In regard to coordinating Federal ef-forts related to radiation biology research, the Subcommittee shall— (A) advise and assist the National Science and Technology Council on policies and ini-tiatives in radiation biology, including en-hancing scientific knowledge of the effects of low dose radiation on biological systems to improve radiation risk management meth-ods; (B) identify opportunities to stimulate international cooperation and leverage re-search and knowledge from sources outside of the United States; (C) ensure coordination between the De-partment of Energy Office of Science, Foun-dation, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, National Institutes of Health, Environmental Protection Agency, Depart-ment of Defense, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, and Department of Homeland Secu-rity; (D) identify ongoing scientific challenges for understanding the long-term effects of ionizing radiation on biological systems; and (E) formulate overall scientific goals for the future of low-dose radiation research in the United States. (c) F
USION ENERGY SCIENCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Subcommittee shall continue to coordinate Federal efforts re-lated to fusion energy research to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of United States investment in fusion energy sciences. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES FOR FUSION ENERGY  
SCIENCES .—In regard to coordinating Federal efforts related to fusion energy sciences, the Subcommittee shall— (A) advise and assist the National Science and Technology Council on policies and ini-tiatives in fusion energy sciences, including enhancing scientific knowledge of fusion en-ergy science, plasma physics, and related materials sciences; (B) identify opportunities to stimulate international cooperation and leverage re-search and knowledge from sources outside of the United States, including the ITER project; (C) ensure coordination between the De-partment of Energy Office of Science, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, Foundation, and Department of Defense regarding fusion energy sciences and plasma physics; and (D) formulate overall scientific goals for the future of fusion energy sciences and plas-ma physics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7085 December 9, 2016 
SEC. 107. LABORATORY PROGRAM IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of NIST, acting through the Associate Director for Laboratory Programs, shall develop and im-plement a comprehensive strategic plan for laboratory programs that expands— (1) interactions with academia, inter-national researchers, and industry; and (2) commercial and industrial applications. (b) O
PTIMIZING COMMERCIAL AND INDUS -
TRIAL APPLICATIONS .—In accordance with the purpose under section 1(b)(3) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271(b)(3)), the comprehensive stra-tegic plan shall— (1) include performance metrics for the dis-semination of fundamental research results, measurements, and standards research re-sults to industry, including manufacturing, and other interested parties; (2) document any positive benefits of re-search on the competitiveness of the inter-ested parties described in paragraph (1); (3) clarify the current approach to the technology transfer activities of NIST; and (4) consider recommendations from the Na-tional Academy of Sciences. 
SEC. 108. STANDARD REFERENCE DATA ACT UP-DATE. 
Section 2 of the Standard Reference Data Act (15 U.S.C. 290a) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘For the purposes of this Act: ‘‘(1) S
TANDARD REFERENCE DATA .—The term ‘standard reference data’ means data that is— ‘‘(A) either— ‘‘(i) quantitative information related to a measurable physical, or chemical, or biologi-cal property of a substance or system of sub-stances of known composition and structure; ‘‘(ii) measurable characteristics of a phys-ical artifact or artifacts; ‘‘(iii) engineering properties or perform-ance characteristics of a system; or ‘‘(iv) 1 or more digital data objects that serve— ‘‘(I) to calibrate or characterize the per-formance of a detection or measurement sys-tem; or ‘‘(II) to interpolate or extrapolate, or both, data described in subparagraph (A) through (C); and ‘‘(B) that is critically evaluated as to its reliability under section 3 of this Act. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Commerce.’’. 
SEC. 109. NSF MID-SCALE PROJECT INVEST-MENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Foundation funds major research facilities, infrastructure, and instrumenta-tion that provide unique capabilities at the frontiers of science and engineering. (2) Modern and effective research facilities, infrastructure, and instrumentation are crit-ical to maintaining United States leadership in science and engineering. (3) The costs of some proposed research in-strumentation, equipment, and upgrades to major research facilities fall between pro-grams currently funded by the Foundation, creating a gap between the established pa-rameters of the Major Research Instrumen-tation and Major Research Equipment and Facilities Construction programs, including projects that have been identified as cost-ef-fective additions of high priority to the ad-vancement of scientific understanding. (4) The 2010 Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal Survey recommended a mid-scale in-novations program. (b) M
ID-SCALE PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Foundation shall evaluate the existing and future needs, across all disciplines supported by the Foun-dation, for mid-scale projects. (2) STRATEGY .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall develop a strategy to address the needs identified in paragraph (1). (3) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Foundation shall provide a brief-ing to the appropriate committees of Con-gress on the evaluation under paragraph (1) and the strategy under paragraph (2). (4) D
EFINITION OF MID -SCALE PROJECTS .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘mid-scale projects’’ means research instrumentation, equipment, and upgrades to major research facilities or other research infrastructure in-vestments that exceed the maximum award funded by the major research instrumenta-tion program and are below the minimum award funded by the major research equip-ment and facilities construction program as described in section 507 of the AMERICA Competes Reauthorization Act of 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–358; 124 Stat. 4008). 
SEC. 110. OVERSIGHT OF NSF MAJOR MULTI- USER RESEARCH FACILITY PROJECTS. 
(a) F ACILITIES OVERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall strengthen oversight and ac-countability over the full life-cycle of each major multi-user research facility project, including planning, development, procure-ment, construction, operations, and support, and shut-down of the facility, in order to maximize research investment. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Director shall— (A) prioritize the scientific outcomes of a major multi-user research facility project and the internal management and financial oversight of the major multi-user research facility project; (B) clarify the roles and responsibilities of all organizations, including offices, panels, committees, and directorates, involved in supporting a major multi-user research facil-ity project, including the role of the Major Research Equipment and Facilities Con-struction Panel; (C) establish policies and procedures for the planning, management, and oversight of a major multi-user research facility project at each phase of the life-cycle of the major multi-user research facility project; (D) ensure that policies for estimating and managing costs and schedules are consistent with the best practices described in the Gov-ernment Accountability Office Cost Esti-mating and Assessment Guide, the Govern-ment Accountability Office Schedule Assess-ment Guide, and the Office of Management and Budget Uniform Guidance (2 C.F.R. Part 200); (E) establish the appropriate project man-agement and financial management exper-tise required for Foundation staff to oversee each major multi-user research facility project effectively, including by improving project management training and certifi-cation; (F) coordinate the sharing of the best man-agement practices and lessons learned from each major multi-user research facility project; (G) continue to maintain a Large Facili-ties Office to support the research direc-torates in the development, implementation, and oversight of each major multi-user re-search facility project, including by— (i) serving as the Foundation’s primary re-source for all policy or process issues related to the development, implementation, and oversight of a major multi-user research fa-cility project; (ii) serving as a Foundation-wide resource on project management, including providing expert assistance on nonscientific and non-technical aspects of project planning, budg-eting, implementation, management, and oversight; (iii) coordinating and collaborating with research directorates to share best manage-ment practices and lessons learned from prior major multi-user research facility projects; and (iv) assessing each major multi-user re-search facility project for cost and schedule risk; and (H) appoint a senior agency official whose responsibility is oversight of the develop-ment, construction, and operations of major multi-user research facilities across the Foundation. (b) FACILITIES FULLLIFE-CYCLE COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c)(1), the Director of the Foundation shall require that any pre-award analysis of a major multi-user research facility project in-cludes the development and consideration of the full life-cycle cost (as defined in section 2 of the National Science Foundation Au-thorization Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 1862k note)) in accordance with section 14 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n-4). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Based on the pre- award analysis described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Foundation shall include projected operational costs within the Foun-dation’s out-years as part of the President’s annual budget submission to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. (c) C
OSTOVERSIGHT .— (1) P
RE-AWARD ANALYSIS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation and the National Science Board may not approve or execute any agreement to start construction on any proposed major multi-user research facility project unless— (i) an external analysis of the proposed budget has been conducted to ensure the pro-posal is complete and reasonable; (ii) the analysis under clause (i) follows the Government Accountability Office Cost Esti-mating and Assessment Guide; (iii) except as provided under subparagraph (C), an analysis of the accounting systems has been conducted; (iv) an independent cost estimate of the construction of the project has been con-ducted using the same detailed technical in-formation as the project proposal estimate to determine whether the estimate is well- supported and realistic; and (v) the Foundation and the National Science Board have considered the analyses under clauses (i) and (iii) and the inde-pendent cost estimate under clause (iv) and resolved any major issues identified therein. (B) A
UDITS .—An external analysis under subparagraph (A)(i) may include an audit. (C) E
XCEPTION .—The Director of the Foun-dation, at the Director’s discretion, may waive the requirement under subparagraph (A)(iii) if a similar analysis of the account-ing systems was conducted in the prior years. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION OVERSIGHT .—The Director of the Foundation shall require for each major multi-user research facility project— (A) periodic external reviews on project management and performance; (B) adequate internal controls, policies, and procedures, and reliable accounting sys-tems in preparation for the incurred cost au-dits under subparagraph (D); (C) annual incurred cost submissions of fi-nancial expenditures; and (D) an incurred cost audit of the major multi-user research facility project in ac-cordance with Government Accountability Office Government Auditing Standards— (i) at least once during construction at a time determined based on risk analysis and length of the award, except that the length 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7086 December 9, 2016 
of time between audits may not exceed 3 years; and (ii) at the completion of the construction phase. (3) O
PERATIONS COST ANALYSIS .—The Direc-tor of the Foundation shall require an inde-pendent cost analysis of the operational pro-posal for each major multi-user research fa-cility project. (d) C
ONTINGENCY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall strengthen internal controls to improve oversight of contingency on a major multi-user research facility project. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Director of the Foundation shall— (A) only include contingency amounts in an award in accordance with section 200.433 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations (relat-ing to contingency provisions), or any suc-cessor regulation; (B) retain control over funds budgeted for contingency, except that the Director may disburse budgeted contingency funds incre-mentally to the awardee to ensure project stability and continuity; (C) track contingency use; and (D) ensure that contingency amounts allo-cated to the performance baseline are rea-sonable and allowable. (e) U
SE OF FEES.— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) the use of taxpayer-funded award fees should be transparent and explicable; and (B) the Foundation should implement an award fee policy that ensures more trans-parency and accountability in the funding of necessary and appropriate expenses directly related to the construction and operation of major multi-user research facilities. (2) R
EPORTING AND RECORDKEEPING .—The Director of the Foundation shall establish guidelines for awardees regarding inappro-priate expenditures associated with all fee types used in cooperative agreements, in-cluding for alcoholic beverages, lobbying, meals or entertainment for non-business pur-poses, non-business travel, and any other purpose the Director determines is inappro-priate. (f) O
VERSIGHT IMPLEMENTATION  P
ROGRESS .—The Director of the Foundation shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the response to or progress made toward implementation of— (A) this section; (B) all of the issues and recommendations identified in cooperative agreement audit re-ports and memoranda issued by the Inspec-tor General of the Foundation in the last 5 years; and (C) all of the issues and recommendations identified by a panel of the National Acad-emy of Public Administration in the Decem-ber 2015 report entitled ‘‘National Science Foundation: Use of Cooperative Agreements to Support Large Scale Investment in Re-search’’; and (2) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, notify the appro-priate committees of Congress when the Foundation has implemented the rec-ommendations identified in a panel of the National Academy of Public Administration report issued December 2015. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. (2) MAJOR MULTI -USER RESEARCH FACILITY  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘‘major multi-user re-search facility project’’’ means a science and engineering facility project that— (A) exceeds the lesser of— (i) 10 percent of a Directorate’s annual budget; or (ii) $100,000,000 in total project costs; or (B) is funded by the major research equip-ment and facilities construction account, or any successor account. 
SEC. 111. PERSONNEL OVERSIGHT. 
(a) C ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—The Director of the Foundation shall update the policy and procedure of the Foundation relating to conflicts of interest to improve documenta-tion and management of any known conflict of interest of an individual on temporary as-signment at the Foundation, including an in-dividual on assignment under the Intergov-ernmental Personnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.). (b) J
USTIFICATIONS .—The Deputy Director of the Foundation shall submit annually to the appropriate committees of Congress written justification for each rotator em-ployed under the Intergovernmental Per-sonnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.), or other rotator employed, by the Foundation that year that is paid at a rate that exceeds the maximum rate of pay for the Senior Ex-ecutive Service, including, if applicable, the level of adjustment for the certified Senior Executive Service Performance Appraisal System. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Foundation shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the Foundation’s efforts to control costs as-sociated with employing rotators, including the results of and participation in the Foun-dation’s cost-sharing pilot program and the Foundation’s progress in responding to the findings and implementing the recommenda-tions of the Office of Inspector General of the Foundation related to the employment of ro-tators. 
SEC. 112. MANAGEMENT OF THE U.S. ANTARCTIC PROGRAM. 
(a) R EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall continue to review the efforts by the Foundation to sustain and strengthen scientific efforts in the face of logistical challenges for the United States Antarctic Program. (2) I
SSUES TO BE EXAMINED .—In conducting the review, the Director shall examine, at a minimum, the following: (A) Implementation by the Foundation of issues and recommendations identified by— (i) the Inspector General of the National Science Foundation in audit reports and memoranda on the United States Antarctic Program in the last 4 years; (ii) the U.S. Antarctic Program Blue Rib-bon Panel report, More and Better Science in Antarctica through Increased Logistical Ef-fectiveness, issued July 23, 2012; and (iii) the National Research Council report, Future Science Opportunities in Antarctica and the Southern Ocean, issued September 2011. (B) Efforts by the Foundation to track its progress in addressing the issues and rec-ommendations under subparagraph (A). (C) Efforts by the Foundation to address other opportunities and challenges, includ-ing efforts on scientific research, coordina-tion with other Federal agencies and inter-national partners, logistics and transpor-tation, health and safety of participants, oversight and financial management of awardees and contractors, and resources and policy challenges. (b) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall brief the appropriate committees of Congress on the ongoing review, including findings and any recommendations. 
SEC. 113. NIST CAMPUS SECURITY. 
(a) S UPERVISORY AUTHORITY .—The Depart-ment of Commerce Office of Security shall directly manage the law enforcement and site security programs of NIST through an assigned Director of Security for NIST with-out increasing the number of full-time equiv-alent employees of the Department of Com-merce, including NIST. (b) R
EPORTS .—The Director of Security for NIST shall provide an activities and security report on a quarterly basis for the first year after the date of enactment of this Act, and on an annual basis thereafter, to the Under Secretary for Standards and Technology and the appropriate committees of Congress. 
SEC. 114. COORDINATION OF SUSTAINABLE CHEMISTRY RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
(a) I MPORTANCE OF SUSTAINABLE CHEM-
ISTRY .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the science of chemistry is vital to im-proving the quality of human life and plays an important role in addressing critical glob-al challenges, including water quality, en-ergy, health care, and agriculture; (2) sustainable chemistry can reduce risks to human health and the environment, re-duce waste, improve pollution prevention, promote safe and efficient manufacturing, and promote efficient use of resources in de-veloping new materials, processes, and tech-nologies that support viable long-term solu-tions to a significant number of challenges; (3) sustainable chemistry can stimulate in-novation, encourage new and creative ap-proaches to problems, create jobs, and save money; and (4) a coordinated effort on sustainable chemistry will allow for a greater return on research investment in this area. (b) S
USTAINABLE CHEMISTRY BASIC RE-
SEARCH .—Subject to the availability of ap-propriated funds, the Director of the Founda-tion may continue to carry out the Sustain-able Chemistry Basic Research program au-thorized under section 509 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–3). 
SEC. 115. MISREPRESENTATION OF RESEARCH RESULTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—The Director of the Foundation may revise the regulations under part 689 of title 45, Code of Federal Regula-tions (relating to research misconduct) to ensure that the findings and conclusions of any article authored by a principal investi-gator, using the results of research con-ducted under a Foundation grant, that is published in a peer-reviewed publication, made publicly available, or incorporated in an application for a research grant or grant extension from the Foundation, does not contain any falsification, fabrication, or pla-giarism. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COMMUNICATION .—Upon a finding that research misconduct has oc-curred, the Foundation shall, in addition to any possible final action under section 689.3 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, no-tify other Federal science agencies of the finding. 
SEC. 116. RESEARCH REPRODUCIBILITY AND REPLICATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the gold standard of good science is the ability of a researcher or research laboratory to reproduce a published research finding, in-cluding methods; (2) there is growing concern that some pub-lished research findings cannot be repro-duced or replicated, which can negatively af-fect the public’s trust in science; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7087 December 9, 2016 
(3) there are a complex set of factors af-fecting reproducibility and replication; and (4) the increasing interdisciplinary nature and complexity of scientific research may be a contributing factor to issues with research reproducibility and replication. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Foundation shall enter into an agreement with the National Research Council— (A) to assess research and data reproduc-ibility and replicability issues in inter-disciplinary research; (B) to make recommendations for improv-ing rigor and transparency in scientific re-search; and (C) to submit to the Director of the Foun-dation a report on the assessment, including its findings and recommendations, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date the Director of the Foundation receives the report under paragraph (1)(C), the Director shall submit the report to the appropriate committees of Congress, including a response from the Di-rector of the Foundation and the Chair of the National Science Board as to whether they agree with each of the findings and rec-ommendations in the report. 
SEC. 117. BRAIN RESEARCH THROUGH ADVANC-ING INNOVATIVE NEUROTECHNOLOGIES INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Foundation shall support research activities related to the interagency Brain Research through Advanc-ing Innovative Neurotechnologies Initiative. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Foundation should work in conjunction with the Interagency Work-ing Group on Neuroscience established by the National Science and Technology Coun-cil, Committee on Science to determine how to use the data infrastructure of the Founda-tion and other applicable Federal science agencies to help neuroscientists collect, standardize, manage, and analyze the large amounts of data that result from research attempting to understand how the brain functions. TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE AND REGULATORY BURDEN REDUCTION 
SEC. 201. INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP ON RE-SEARCH REGULATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Research and Development Ef-ficiency Act’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Scientific and technological advance-ment have been the largest drivers of eco-nomic growth in the last 50 years, with the Federal Government being the largest inves-tor in basic research. (2) Substantial and increasing administra-tive burdens and costs in Federal research administration, particularly in the higher education sector where most federally fund-ed research is performed, are eroding funds available to carry out basic scientific re-search. (3) Federally funded grants are increas-ingly competitive, with the Foundation funding only approximately 1 in every 5 grant proposals. (4) Progress has been made over the last decade in streamlining the pre-award grant application process through the Federal Gov-ernment’s Grants.gov website. (5) Post-award administrative costs have increased as Federal research agencies have continued to impose agency-unique compli-ance and reporting requirements on re-searchers and research institutions. (6) Researchers spend as much as 42 per-cent of their time complying with Federal regulations, including administrative tasks such as applying for grants or meeting re-porting requirements. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) administrative burdens faced by re-searchers may be reducing the return on in-vestment of federally funded research and development; and (2) it is a matter of critical importance to United States competitiveness that adminis-trative costs of federally funded research be streamlined so that a higher proportion of federal funding is applied to direct research activities. (d) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in coordi-nation with the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, shall establish an interagency working group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Working Group’’) for the purpose of re-ducing administrative burdens on federally funded researchers while protecting the pub-lic interest through the transparency of and accountability for federally funded activi-ties. (e) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall— (A) regularly review relevant, administra-tion-related regulations imposed on federally funded researchers; (B) recommend those regulations or proc-esses that may be eliminated, streamlined, or otherwise improved for the purpose de-scribed in subsection (d); (C) recommend ways to minimize the regu-latory burden on United States institutions of higher education performing federally funded research while maintaining account-ability for federal funding; and (D) recommend ways to identify and up-date specific regulations to refocus on per-formance-based goals rather than on process while achieving the outcome described in subparagraph (C). (2) G
RANT REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall— (i) conduct a comprehensive review of Fed-eral science agency grant proposal docu-ments; and (ii) develop, to the extent practicable, a simplified, uniform grant format to be used by all Federal science agencies. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the uniform grant format, the Working Group shall consider whether to implement— (i) procedures for preliminary project pro-posals in advance of peer-review selection; (ii) increased use of ‘‘Just-In-Time’’ proce-dures for documentation that does not bear directly on the scientific merit of a proposal; (iii) simplified initial budget proposals in advance of peer review selection; and (iv) detailed budget proposals for appli-cants that peer review selection identifies as likely to be funded. (3) C
ENTRALIZED RESEARCHER PROFILE DATA -
BASE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Working Group shall establish, to the extent practicable, a secure, centralized database for investigator biosketches, curriculum vitae, licenses, lists of publications, and other documents consid-ered relevant by the Working Group. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the centralized profile database under subpara-graph (A), the Working Group shall consider incorporating existing investigator data-bases. (C) G
RANT PROPOSALS .—To the extent prac-ticable, all grant proposals shall utilize the centralized investigator profile database es-tablished under subparagraph (A). (D) REQUIREMENTS .—Each investigator shall— (i) be responsible for ensuring the inves-tigator’s profile is current and accurate; and (ii) be assigned a unique identifier linked to the database and accessible to all Federal funding agencies. (4) C
ENTRALIZED ASSURANCES REPOSITORY .— The Working Group shall— (A) establish a central repository for all of the assurances required for Federal research grants; and (B) provide guidance to institutions of higher education and Federal science agen-cies on the use of the centralized assurances repository. (5) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall— (i) conduct a comprehensive review of the mandated progress reports for federally fund-ed research; and (ii) develop a strategy to simplify investi-gator progress reports. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the strategy, the Working Group shall consider limiting progress reports to performance outcomes. (f) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out its re-sponsibilities under subsection (e)(1), the Working Group shall consult with academic researchers outside the Federal Government, including— (1) federally funded researchers; (2) non-federally funded researchers; (3) institutions of higher education and their representative associations; (4) scientific and engineering disciplinary societies and associations; (5) nonprofit research institutions; (6) industry, including small businesses; (7) federally funded research and develop-ment centers; and (8) members of the public with a stake in ensuring effectiveness, efficiency, and ac-countability in the performance of scientific research. (g) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter for 3 years, the Working Group shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on its respon-sibilities under this section, including a dis-cussion of the considerations described in paragraphs (2)(B), (3)(B), and (5)(B) of sub-section (e) and recommendations made under subsection (e)(1). 
SEC. 202. SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL COLLABO-RATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SCIENTIFIC AND TECH-
NICAL WORKSHOP .—In this section, the term ‘‘scientific and technical workshop’’ means a symposium, seminar, or any other organized, formal gathering where scientists or engi-neers working in STEM research and devel-opment fields assemble to coordinate, ex-change and disseminate information or to explore or clarify a defined subject, problem or area of knowledge in the STEM fields. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should encourage broad dissemination of Federal research findings and engagement of Federal re-searchers with the scientific and technical community; and (2) laboratory, test center, and field center directors and other similar heads of offices should approve scientific and technical workshop attendance if— (A) that attendance would meet the mis-sion of the laboratory or test center; and (B) sufficient laboratory or test center funds are available for that purpose. (c) A
TTENDANCE POLICIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the heads of the Federal science agen-cies shall each develop an action plan for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7088 December 9, 2016 
implementation of revisions and updates to their policies on attendance at scientific and technical workshops. (d) NIST W
ORKSHOPS .—Section 2(c) of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)), as amended by section 104 of this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (19) through (24) as paragraphs (22) through (27), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (18) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(19) host, participate in, and support sci-entific and technical workshops (as defined in section 202 of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act); ‘‘(20) collect and retain any fees charged by the Secretary for hosting a scientific and technical workshop described in paragraph (19); ‘‘(21) notwithstanding title 31 of the United States Code, use the fees described in para-graph (20) to pay for any related expenses, including subsistence expenses for partici-pants;’’. 
SEC. 203. NIST GRANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS UPDATE. 
Section 8(a) of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3706(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘The total amount of any such grant or cooperative agreement may not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the program.’’. 
SEC. 204. REPEAL OF CERTAIN OBSOLETE RE-PORTS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF CERTAIN OBSOLETE RE-
PORTS .— (1) NIST 
REPORTS .— (A) R
EPORT ON DONATION OF EDUCATIONALLY  
USEFUL FEDERAL EQUIPMENT TO SCHOOLS .— Section 6(b) of the Technology Administra-tion Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 272 note) is amend-ed— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GEN -
ERAL .—’’ and indenting appropriately; and (ii) by striking paragraph (2). (B) T
HREE -YEAR PROGRAMMATIC PLANNING  
DOCUMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Section 23 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278i) is amended by striking sub-sections (c) and (d). (ii) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 10(h)(1) of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278(h)(1)) is amended by striking the last sentence. (2) M
ULTIAGENCY REPORT ON INNOVATION AC -
CELERATION RESEARCH .—Section 1008 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 6603) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c). (3) NSF 
REPORTS .— (A) F
UNDING FOR SUCCESSFUL STEM EDU -
CATION PROGRAMS ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .— Section 7012 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o-4) is amended by striking subsection (c). (B) E
NCOURAGING PARTICIPATION ; EVALUA -
TION AND REPORT .—Section 7031 of the Amer-ica COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o-11) is amended by striking subsection (b). (C) M
ATH AND SCIENCE PARTNERSHIPS PRO -
GRAM COORDINATION REPORT .—Section 9(c) of the National Science Foundation Authoriza-tion Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n(c)) is amend-ed— (i) by striking paragraph (4); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4). (b) N
ATIONAL NANOTECHNOLOGY INITIATIVE  R
EPORTS .—The 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501 et seq.) is amended— (1) by amending section 2(c)(4) (15 U.S.C. 7501(c)(4)) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) develop, not later than 5 years after the date of the release of the most-recent strategic plan, and update every 5 years thereafter, a strategic plan to guide the ac-tivities described under subsection (b) that describes— ‘‘(A) the near-term and long-term objec-tives for the Program; ‘‘(B) the anticipated schedule for achieving the near-term objectives; and ‘‘(C) the metrics that will be used to assess progress toward the near-term and long-term objectives; ‘‘(D) how the Program will move results out of the laboratory and into application for the benefit of society; ‘‘(E) the Program’s support for long-term funding for interdisciplinary research and development in nanotechnology; and ‘‘(F) the allocation of funding for inter-agency nanotechnology projects;’’; (2) by amending section 4(d) (15 U.S.C. 7503(d)) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the most recent assessment under subsection (c), and quadrennially thereafter, the Advisory Panel shall submit to the President, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report its assessments under subsection (c) and its recommendations for ways to im-prove the Program.’’; and (3) in section 5 (15 U.S.C. 7504)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
TRIENNIAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘
QUADRENNIAL ’’; (B) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘triennial’’ and inserting ‘‘quadrennial’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘tri-ennial’’ and inserting ‘‘quadrennial’’; (D) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘tri-ennial’’ and inserting ‘‘quadrennial’’; and (E) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date the first evaluation under sub-section (a) is received, and quadrennially thereafter, the Director of the National Nanotechnology Coordination Office shall re-port to the President its assessments under subsection (c) and its recommendations for ways to improve the Program. ‘‘(2) C
ONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date the President receives the re-port under paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a copy of the report to Con-gress.’’. (c) M
AJOR RESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FA-
CILITIES CONSTRUCTION .—Section 14 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n-4) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
RIORITIZATION OF PROPOSED MAJOR R
ESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES CON-
STRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF PRIORITIES .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(A) develop a list indicating by number the relative priority for funding under the major research equipment and facilities con-struction account that the Director assigns to each project the Board has approved for inclusion in a future budget request; and ‘‘(B) submit the list described in subpara-graph (A) to the Board for approval. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The Director shall include in the criteria for developing the list under paragraph (1) the readiness of plans for con-struction and operation, including con-fidence in the estimates of the full life-cycle cost (as defined in section 2 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 1862k note)) and the proposed schedule of completion. ‘‘(3) UPDATES .—The Director shall update the list prepared under paragraph (1) each time the Board approves a new project that would receive funding under the major re-search equipment and facilities construction account and periodically submit any updated list to the Board for approval.’’; (2) by striking subsection (e); (3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (4) by amending subsection (c), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) B
OARD APPROVAL OF MAJOR RESEARCH  E
QUIPMENT AND FACILITIES PROJECTS .—The Board shall explicitly approve any project to be funded out of the major research equip-ment and facilities construction account be-fore any funds may be obligated from such account for such project.’’. 
SEC. 205. REPEAL OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ECHNOLOGY INNOVATION PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 28 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278n) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) A
DDITIONAL AWARD CRITERIA .—Section 4226(b) of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 278n note) is repealed. (B) M
ANAGEMENT COSTS .—Section 2(d) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 25, 26, and 28’’ and in-serting ‘‘sections 25 and 26’’. (C) A
NNUAL AND OTHER REPORTS TO SEC -
RETARY AND CONGRESS .—Section 10(h)(1) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278(h)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘, including the Pro-gram established under section 28,’’. (b) T
EACHERS FOR A COMPETITIVE TOMOR -
ROW.—Sections 6111 through 6116 of the America COMPETES Act (20 U.S.C. 9811, 9812, 9813, 9814, 9815, 9816) and the items relat-ing to those sections in the table of contents under section 2 of that Act (Public Law 110- 69; 121 Stat. 572) are repealed. 
SEC. 206. GRANT SUBRECIPIENT TRANSPARENCY AND OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Foundation shall prepare and submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress an audit of the Founda-tion’s policies and procedures governing the monitoring of pass-through entities with re-spect to subrecipients. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The audit shall include the following: (1) Information regarding the Foundation’s process to oversee— (A) the compliance of pass-through entities under section 200.331 and subpart F of part 200 of chapter II of subtitle A of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, and the other re-quirements of that title for subrecipients; (B) whether pass-through entities have processes and controls in place regarding fi-nancial compliance of subrecipients, where appropriate; and (C) whether pass-through entities have processes and controls in place to maintain approved grant objectives for subrecipients, where appropriate. (2) Recommendations, if necessary, to in-crease transparency and oversight while bal-ancing administrative burdens. 
SEC. 207. MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD FOR PROCUREMENT SOLICITATIONS BY RESEARCH INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) M ICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD .—The micro-purchase threshold for procurement activities administered under sections 6303 through 6305 of title 31, United States Code, awarded by the Foundation, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7089 December 9, 2016 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology to institutions of higher edu-cation, or related or affiliated nonprofit en-tities, or to nonprofit research organizations or independent research institutes is— (1) $10,000 (as adjusted periodically to ac-count for inflation); or (2) such higher threshold as determined ap-propriate by the head of the relevant execu-tive agency and consistent with audit find-ings under chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code, internal institutional risk as-sessment, or State law. (b) U
NIFORM GUIDANCE .—The Uniform Guidance shall be revised to conform with the requirements of this section. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Uniform Guidance’’ means the uniform ad-ministrative requirements, cost principles, and audit requirements for Federal awards contained in part 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 208. COORDINATION OF INTERNATIONAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PART-NERSHIPS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2016’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish a body under the National Science and Technology Council with the re-sponsibility to identify and coordinate inter-national science and technology cooperation that can strengthen the United States science and technology enterprise, improve economic and national security, and support United States foreign policy goals. (c) NSTC B
ODYLEADERSHIP .—The body es-tablished under subsection (b) shall be co- chaired by senior level officials from the Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy and the Department of State. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The body estab-lished under subsection (b) shall— (1) plan and coordinate interagency inter-national science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partner-ships supported or managed by Federal agen-cies; (2) work with other National Science and Technology Council committees to help plan and coordinate the international component of national science and technology prior-ities; (3) establish Federal priorities and policies for aligning, as appropriate, international science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partnerships sup-ported or managed by Federal agencies with the foreign policy goals of the United States; (4) identify opportunities for new inter-national science and technology cooperative research and training partnerships that ad-vance both the science and technology and the foreign policy priorities of the United States; (5) in carrying out paragraph (4), solicit input and recommendations from non-Fed-eral science and technology stakeholders, in-cluding institutions of higher education, sci-entific and professional societies, industry, and other relevant organizations and institu-tions; and (6) identify broad issues that influence the ability of United States scientists and engi-neers to collaborate with foreign counter-parts, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific information. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives a biennial report on the requirements of this section. (f) WEBSITE .—The Director shall make each report available to the public on the Office of Science and Technology Policy website. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The body established under subsection (b) shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (h) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall submit, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that lists and describes the details of all foreign travel by Office of Science and Technology Policy staff and detailees. TITLE III—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATH EDUCATION 
SEC. 301. ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLAR-SHIP PROGRAM UPDATE. 
Section 10A of the National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) STEM T
EACHER SERVICE AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall de-velop and implement practices for increasing the proportion of individuals receiving fel-lowships under this section who— ‘‘(A) fulfill the service obligation required under subsection (h); and ‘‘(B) remain in the teaching profession in a high need local educational agency beyond the service obligation. ‘‘(2) P
RACTICES .—The practices described under paragraph (1) may include— ‘‘(A) partnering with nonprofit or profes-sional associations or with other government entities to provide individuals receiving fel-lowships under this section with opportuni-ties for professional development, including mentorship programs that pair those individ-uals with currently employed and recently retired science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or computer science profes-sionals; ‘‘(B) increasing recruitment from high need districts; ‘‘(C) establishing a system to better col-lect, track, and respond to data on the career decisions of individuals receiving fellowships under this section; ‘‘(D) conducting research to better under-stand factors relevant to teacher service and retention, including factors specifically im-pacting the retention of teachers who are in-dividuals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportu-nities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b); and ‘‘(E) conducting pilot programs to improve teacher service and retention.’’. 
SEC. 302. SPACE GRANTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the National Space Grant Col-lege and Fellowship Program has been an im-portant program by which the Federal Gov-ernment has partnered with universities, col-leges, industry, and other organizations to provide hands-on STEM experiences, fos-tering of multidisciplinary space research, and supporting graduate fellowships in space-related fields, among other purposes. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Section 40303 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION COSTS.—In carrying out the provisions of this chapter, the Administrator— ‘‘(1) shall maximize appropriated funds for grants and contracts made under section 40304 in each fiscal year; and ‘‘(2) in each fiscal year, the Administrator shall limit its program administration costs to no more than 5 percent of funds appro-priated for this program for that fiscal year. ‘‘(e) REPORTS .—For any fiscal year in which the Administrator cannot meet the administration cost target under subsection (d)(2), if the Administration is unable to limit program costs under subsection (b), the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report, in-cluding— ‘‘(1) a description of why the Adminis-trator did not meet the cost target under subsection (d); and ‘‘(2) the measures the Administrator will take in the next fiscal year to meet the cost target under subsection (d) without drawing upon other Federal funding.’’. 
SEC. 303. STEM EDUCATION ADVISORY PANEL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment this Act, the Director of the Foundation, Secretary of Education, Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall jointly es-tablish an advisory panel (referred to in this section as the ‘‘STEM Education Advisory Panel’’) to advise the Committee on STEM Education of the National Science and Tech-nology Council (referred to in this section as ‘‘CoSTEM’’) on matters relating to STEM education. (b) M
EMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The STEM Education Ad-visory Panel shall be composed of not less than 11 members. (2) A
PPOINTMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Director of the Foundation, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Education and the heads of the Federal science agen-cies, shall appoint the members of the STEM Education Advisory Panel. (B) C
ONSIDERATION .—In selecting individ-uals to appoint under subparagraph (A), the Director of the Foundation shall seek and give consideration to recommendations from Congress, industry, the scientific commu-nity, including the National Academy of Sciences, scientific professional societies, academia, State and local governments, or-ganizations representing individuals identi-fied in section 33 or section 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b), and such other organiza-tions as the Director considers appropriate. (C) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members shall— (i) primarily be individuals from academic institutions, nonprofit organizations, and in-dustry, including in-school, out-of-school, and informal education practitioners; and (ii) be individuals who are qualified to pro-vide advice and information on STEM edu-cation research, development, training, im-plementation, interventions, professional de-velopment, or workforce needs or concerns. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The STEM Education Ad-visory Panel shall— (A) advise CoSTEM; (B) periodically assess CoSTEM’s progress in carrying out its responsibilities under sec-tion 101(b) of the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621(b)); and (C) help identify any need or opportunity to update the strategic plan under section 101(b) of that Act. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In its advisory role, the STEM Education Advisory Panel shall consider— (A) the management, coordination, and im-plementation of STEM education programs and activities across the Federal Govern-ment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7090 December 9, 2016 
(B) the appropriateness of criteria used by Federal agencies to evaluate the effective-ness of Federal STEM education programs and activities; (C) whether societal and workforce con-cerns are adequately addressed by current Federal STEM education programs and ac-tivities; (D) how Federal agencies can incentivize institutions of higher education to improve retention of STEM students; (E) ways to leverage private and nonprofit STEM investments and encourage public-pri-vate partnerships to strengthen STEM edu-cation and help build the STEM workforce pipeline; (F) ways to incorporate workforce needs into Federal STEM education programs and activities, particularly for specific employ-ment fields of national interest and employ-ment fields experiencing high unemployment rates; (G) ways to better vertically and hori-zontally integrate Federal STEM education programs and activities from pre-kinder-garten through graduate study and the work-force, and from in-school to out-of-school in order to improve transitions for students moving through the STEM education and workforce pipelines; (H) the extent to which Federal STEM edu-cation programs and activities are contrib-uting to recruitment and retention of indi-viduals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportuni-ties Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b) in the STEM education and workforce pipelines; and (I) ways to encourage geographic diversity in the STEM education and the workforce pipelines. (3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The STEM Edu-cation Advisory Panel shall make rec-ommendations to improve Federal STEM education programs and activities based on each assessment under paragraph (1)(B). (d) F
UNDING .—The Director of the Founda-tion, the Secretary of Education, the Admin-istrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration shall jointly make funds available on an annual basis to support the activities of the STEM Education Advi-sory Panel. (e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and after each assessment under subsection (c)(1)(B), the STEM Education Advisory Panel shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and CoSTEM a report on its assess-ment under that subsection and its rec-ommendations under subsection (c)(3). (f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES OF NON-FEDERAL  M
EMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Non-Federal members of the STEM Education Advisory Panel, while attending meetings of the panel or while oth-erwise serving at the request of a co-chair-person away from their homes or regular places of business, may be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individuals in the Government serving without pay. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the STEM Advisory Panel who are officers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with existing law. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The STEM Education Advisory Panel established under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date that it is established. SEC. 304. COMMITTEE ON STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 101(b) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) collaborate with the STEM Education Advisory Panel established under section 303 of the American Innovation and Competi-tiveness Act and other outside stakeholders to ensure the engagement of the STEM edu-cation community; ‘‘(8) review the measures used by a Federal agency to evaluate its STEM education ac-tivities and programs; ‘‘(9) request and review feedback from States on how the States are utilizing Fed-eral STEM education programs and activi-ties; and ‘‘(10) recommend the reform, termination, or consolidation of Federal STEM education activities and programs, taking into consid-eration the recommendations of the STEM Education Advisory Panel.’’. (b) R
EPORTS .—Section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF  OSTP.—’’ and inserting ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBIL -
ITIES OF OSTP.—’’; and (3) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) a description of all consolidations and terminations of Federal STEM education programs and activities implemented in the previous fiscal year, including an expla-nation for the consolidations and termi-nations; ‘‘(7) recommendations for reforms, consoli-dations, and terminations of STEM edu-cation programs or activities in the upcom-ing fiscal year; and ‘‘(8) a description of any significant new STEM education public-private partner-ships.’’. 
SEC. 305. PROGRAMS TO EXPAND STEM OPPOR-TUNITIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Economic projections by the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicate that by 2018, there could be 2,400,000 unfilled STEM jobs. (2) Women represent slightly more than half the United States population, and pro-jections indicate that 54 percent of the popu-lation will be a member of a racial or ethnic minority group by 2050. (3) Despite representing half the popu-lation, women comprise only about 30 per-cent of STEM workers according to a 2015 re-port by the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics. (4) A 2014 National Center for Education Statistics study found that underrepresented populations leave the STEM fields at higher rates than their counterparts. (5) The representation of women in STEM drops significantly at the faculty level. Over-all, women hold only 25 percent of all tenured and tenure-track positions and 17 percent of full professor positions in STEM fields in our Nation’s universities and 4-year colleges. (6) Black and Hispanic faculty together hold about 6.5 percent of all tenured and ten-ure-track positions and 5 percent of full pro-fessor positions. (7) Many of the numbers in the American Indian or Alaskan Native and Native Hawai-ian or Other Pacific Islander categories for different faculty ranks were too small for the Foundation to report publicly without potentially compromising confidential infor-mation about the individuals being surveyed. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is critical to our Nation’s economic leadership and global competitiveness that the United States educate, train, and retain more scientists, engineers, and computer sci-entists; (2) there is currently a disconnect between the availability of and growing demand for STEM-skilled workers; (3) historically, underrepresented popu-lations are the largest untapped STEM tal-ent pools in the United States; and (4) given the shifting demographic land-scape, the United States should encourage full participation of individuals from under-represented populations in STEM fields. (c) R
EAFFIRMATION .—The Director of the Foundation shall continue to support pro-grams designed to broaden participation of underrepresented populations in STEM fields. (d) G
RANTS TO BROADEN PARTICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall award grants on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis, to eligible entities to increase the participation of underrep-resented populations in STEM fields, includ-ing individuals identified in section 33 or sec-tion 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b). (2) C
ENTER OF EXCELLENCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Grants awarded under this subsection may include grants for the establishment of a Center of Excellence to collect, maintain, and disseminate informa-tion to increase participation of underrep-resented populations in STEM fields. (B) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of a Center of Excellence under this subsection is to pro-mote diversity in STEM fields by building on the success of the INCLUDES programs, pro-viding technical assistance, maintaining best practices, and providing related training at federally funded academic institutions. (e) A
CCOUNTABILITY AND DISSEMINATION .— (1) E
VALUATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Foundation shall evaluate the grants provided under this section. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the evaluation under subparagraph (A), the Di-rector shall— (i) use a common set of benchmarks and assessment tools to identify best practices and materials developed or demonstrated by the research; and (ii) to the extent practicable, combine the research resulting from the grant activity under subsection (e) with the current re-search on serving underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8. (2) R
EPORT ON EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Director of the Foundation shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress and make widely available to the public a report that includes— (A) the results of the evaluation; and (B) any recommendations for administra-tive and legislative action that could opti-mize the effectiveness of the program. (f) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Director of the Foundation shall consult and cooperate with the programs and policies of other relevant Federal agencies to avoid duplication with and enhance the ef-fectiveness of the program under this sec-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7091 December 9, 2016 
SEC. 306. NIST EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
(a) R EPEAL .—The National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amended by striking section 18 (15 U.S.C. 278g-1). (b) E
DUCATION AND OUTREACH .—The Na- tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.), as amended, is fur-ther amended by inserting after section 17, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 18. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director is author-ized to expend funds appropriated for activi-ties of the Institute in any fiscal year, to support, promote, and coordinate activities and efforts to enhance public awareness and understanding of measurement sciences, standards and technology at the national measurement laboratories and otherwise in fulfillment of the mission of the Institute. The Director may carry out activities under this subsection, including education and out-reach activities to the general public, indus-try and academia in support of the Insti-tute’s mission. ‘‘(b) H
IRING .—The Director, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, may revise the procedures the Director applies when making appointments to laboratory positions within the competi-tive service— ‘‘(1) to ensure corporate memory of and ex-pertise in the fundamental ongoing work, and on developing new capabilities in pri-ority areas; ‘‘(2) to maintain high overall technical competence; ‘‘(3) to improve staff diversity; ‘‘(4) to balance emphases on the noncore and core areas; or ‘‘(5) to improve the ability of the Institute to compete in the marketplace for qualified personnel. ‘‘(c) V
OLUNTEERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may estab-lish a program to use volunteers in carrying out the programs of the Institute. ‘‘(2) A
CCEPTANCE OF PERSONNEL .—The Di- rector may accept, subject to regulations issued by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, voluntary service for the Institute for such purpose if the service— ‘‘(A) is to be without compensation; and ‘‘(B) will not be used to displace any cur-rent employee or act as a substitute for any future full-time employee of the Institute. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEE STATUS .—Any indi- vidual who provides voluntary service under this subsection shall not be considered a Federal employee, except for purposes of chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code (re-lating to compensation for injury), and sec-tions 2671 through 2680 of title 28, United States Code (relating to tort claims). ‘‘(d) R
ESEARCH FELLOWSHIPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may expend funds appropriated for activities of the Insti-tute in any fiscal year, as the Director con-siders appropriate, for awards of research fel-lowships and other forms of financial and logistical assistance, including direct sti-pend awards to— ‘‘(A) students at institutions of higher learning within the United States who show promise as present or future contributors to the mission of the Institute; and ‘‘(B) United States citizens for research and technical activities of the Institute, in-cluding programs. ‘‘(2) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The selection of persons to receive such fellowships and as-sistance shall be made on the basis of ability and of the relevance of the proposed work to the mission and programs of the Institute. ‘‘(3) F
INANCIAL AND LOGISTICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—Notwithstanding section 1345 of title 31, United States Code, or any other law to the contrary, the Director may include as a form of financial or logistical assistance under this subsection temporary housing and transportation to and from Institute facili-ties. ‘‘(e) EDUCATIONAL OUTREACH ACTIVITIES .— The Director may— ‘‘(1) facilitate education programs for un-dergraduate and graduate students, postdoctoral researchers, and academic and industry employees; ‘‘(2) sponsor summer workshops for STEM kindergarten through grade 12 teachers as appropriate; ‘‘(3) develop programs for graduate student internships and visiting faculty researchers; ‘‘(4) document publications, presentations, and interactions with visiting researchers and sponsoring interns as performance metrics for improving and continuing inter-actions with those individuals; and ‘‘(5) facilitate laboratory tours and provide presentations for educational, industry, and community groups.’’. (c) P
OST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— Section 19 of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-2) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 19. POST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Institute and the National Academy of Sciences, jointly, shall establish and conduct a post-doctoral fellow-ship program, subject to the availability of appropriations. ‘‘(b) O
RGANIZATION .—The post-doctoral fel-lowship program shall include not less than 20 new fellows per fiscal year. ‘‘(c) E
VALUATIONS .—In evaluating applica-tions for post-doctoral fellowships under this section, the Director of the Institute and the President of the National Academy of Sciences shall give consideration to the goal of promoting the participation of individuals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b) in research areas sup-ported by the Institute.’’. (d) S
AVINGS CLAUSES .— (1) R
ESEARCH FELLOWSHIPS AND OTHER FI -
NANCIAL ASSISTANCE TO STUDENTS AT INSTI -
TUTES OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The repeal made by subsection (a) of this section shall not affect any award of a research fellowship or other form of financial assistance made under section 18 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-1) before the date of enactment of this Act. Such award shall continue to be subject to the requirements to which such funds were subject under that section before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) P
OST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— The amendment made by subsection (c) of this section shall not affect any award of a post-doctoral fellowship or other form of fi-nancial assistance made under section 19 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-2) before the date of enactment of this Act. Such awards shall continue to be subject to the require-ments to which such funds were subject under that section before the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 307. PRESIDENTIAL AWARDS FOR EXCEL-LENCE IN STEM MENTORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall continue to administer awards on behalf of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy to recognize outstanding men-toring in STEM fields. (b) A
NNUAL AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Direc-tor of the Foundation shall provide Congress with a list of award recipients, including the name, institution, and a brief synopsis of the impact of the mentoring efforts. SEC. 308. WORKING GROUP ON INCLUSION IN STEM FIELDS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Office of Science and Technology Policy, in collaboration with Federal departments and agencies, shall es-tablish an interagency working group to compile and summarize available research and best practices on how to promote diver-sity and inclusions in STEM fields and exam-ine whether barriers exist to promoting di-versity and inclusion within Federal agen-cies employing scientists and engineers. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall be responsible for reviewing and assess-ing research, best practices, and policies across Federal science agencies related to the inclusion of individuals identified in sec-tions 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineer-ing Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b) in the Federal STEM workforce, in-cluding available research and best practices on how to promote diversity and inclusion in STEM fields, including— (1) policies providing flexibility for sci-entists and engineers that are also care-givers, particularly on the timing of research grants; (2) policies to address the proper handling of claims of sexual harassment; (3) policies to minimize the effects of im-plicit bias and other systemic factors in hir-ing, promotion, evaluation and the work-place in general; and (4) other evidence-based strategies that the working group considers effective for pro-moting diversity and inclusion in the STEM fields. (c) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—In carrying out the responsibilities under section (b), the working group shall solicit and consider input and recommendations from non-Fed-eral stakeholders, including— (1) the Council of Advisors on Science and Technology; (2) federally funded and non-federally fund-ed researchers, institutions of higher edu-cation, scientific disciplinary societies, and associations; (3) nonprofit research institutions; (4) industry, including small businesses; (5) federally funded research and develop-ment centers; (6) non-governmental organizations; and (7) such other members of the public inter-ested in promoting a diverse and inclusive Federal STEM workforce. (d) P
UBLIC REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the working group shall publish a report on the review and as-sessment under subsection (b), including a summary of available research and best practices, any recommendations for Federal actions to promote a diverse and inclusive Federal STEM workforce, and updates on the implementation of previous recommenda-tions for Federal actions. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The interagency work-ing group established under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date that it is established. 
SEC. 309. IMPROVING UNDERGRADUATE STEM EXPERIENCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that each Federal science agency should invest in and expand research oppor-tunities for undergraduate students attend-ing institutions of higher education during the undergraduate students’ first 2 academic years of postsecondary education. (b) I
DENTIFICATION OF RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the President recommendations regarding how the agency could best fulfill the goals described in sub-section (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7092 December 9, 2016 
SEC. 310. COMPUTER SCIENCE EDUCATION RE-SEARCH. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that as the lead Federal agency for building the research knowledge base for computer science edu-cation, the Foundation is well positioned to make investments that will accelerate ongo-ing efforts to enable rigorous and engaging computer science throughout the Nation as an integral part of STEM education. (b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall award grants to eligible entities to research computer science education and computational thinking. (2) R
ESEARCH .—The research described in paragraph (1) may include the development or adaptation, piloting or full implementa-tion, and testing of— (A) models of preservice preparation for teachers who will teach computer science and computational thinking; (B) scalable and sustainable models of pro-fessional development and ongoing support for the teachers described in subparagraph (A); (C) tools and models for teaching and learning aimed at supporting student success and inclusion in computing within and across diverse populations, particularly poor, rural, and tribal populations and other popu-lations that have been historically underrep-resented in computer science and STEM fields; and (D) high-quality learning opportunities for teaching computer science and, especially in poor, rural, or tribal schools at the elemen-tary school and middle school levels, for in-tegrating computational thinking into STEM teaching and learning. (c) C
OLLABORATIONS .—In carrying out the grants established in subsection (b), eligible entities may collaborate and partner with local or remote schools to support the inte-gration of computing and computational thinking within pre-kindergarten through grade 12 STEM curricula and instruction. (d) M
ETRICS .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall develop metrics to measure the success of the grant program funded under this section in achieving program goals. (e) R
EPORT .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall report, in the annual budget sub-mission to Congress, on the success of the program as measured by the metrics in sub-section (d). (f) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an institution of higher education or a non-profit research organization. 
SEC. 311. INFORMAL STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) N ATIONAL STEM P ARTNERSHIP  G
RANTS .—Section 3(a) of the STEM Edu-cation Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 1862q(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) a national partnership of institutions involved in informal STEM learning.’’. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Section 3(b) of the STEM Education Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 1862q(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) fostering on-going partnerships be-tween institutions involved in informal STEM learning, institutions of higher edu-cation, and education research centers; and ‘‘(4) developing, and making available in-formal STEM education activities and edu-cational materials.’’. SEC. 312. DEVELOPING STEM APPRENTICESHIPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The lack of data on the return on in-vestment for United States employers using registered apprenticeships makes it dif-ficult— (A) to communicate the value of these pro-grams to businesses; and (B) to expand registered apprenticeships. (2) The lack of data on the value and im-pact of employer-provided worker training, which is likely substantial, hinders the abil-ity of the Federal Government to formulate policy related to workforce training. (3) The Secretary of Commerce has initi-ated— (A) the first study on the return on invest-ment for United States employers using reg-istered apprenticeships through case studies of firms in various sectors, occupations, and geographic locations to provide the business community with data on employer benefits and costs; and (B) discussions with officials at relevant Federal agencies about the need to collect comprehensive data on— (i) employer-provided worker training; and (ii) existing tools that could be used to col-lect such data. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF APPRENTICESHIP IN-
FORMATION .—The Secretary of Commerce shall continue to research the value to busi-nesses of utilizing apprenticeship programs, including— (1) evidence of return on investment of ap-prenticeships, including estimates for the average time it takes a business to recover the costs associated with training appren-tices; and (2) data from the United States Census Bu-reau and other statistical surveys on em-ployer-provided training, including appren-ticeships and other on-the-job training and industry-recognized certification programs. (c) D
ISSEMINATION OF APPRENTICESHIP IN-
FORMATION .—The Secretary of Commerce shall disseminate findings from research on apprenticeships to businesses and other rel-evant stakeholders, including— (1) institutions of higher education; (2) State and local chambers of commerce; and (3) workforce training organizations. (d) N
EW APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM  S
TUDY .—The Secretary of Commerce may collaborate with the Secretary of Labor to study approaches for reducing the cost of creating new apprenticeship programs and hosting apprentices for businesses, particu-larly small businesses, including— (1) training sharing agreements; (2) group training models; and (3) pooling resources and best practices. (e) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRA -
TION GRANTS .—The Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 28. STEM APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-merce may carry out a grant program to identify the need for skilled science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics (re-ferred to in this section as ‘STEM’) workers and to expand STEM apprenticeship pro-grams. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘eligible recipient’ means— ‘‘(1) a State; ‘‘(2) an Indian tribe; ‘‘(3) a city or other political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(4) an entity that— ‘‘(A) is a nonprofit organization, an insti-tution of higher education, a public-private partnership, a science or research park, a Federal laboratory, or an economic develop-ment organization or similar entity; and ‘‘(B) has an application that is supported by a State, a political subdivision of a State, or a native organization; or ‘‘(5) a consortium of any of the entities de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (5). ‘‘(c) NEEDS ASSESSMENT GRANTS .—The Sec- retary of Commerce may provide a grant to an eligible recipient to conduct a needs as-sessment to identify— ‘‘(1) the unmet need of a region’s employer base for skilled STEM workers; ‘‘(2) the potential of STEM apprenticeships to address the unmet need described in para-graph (1); and ‘‘(3) any barriers to addressing the unmet need described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) A
PPRENTICESHIP EXPANSION GRANTS .— The Secretary of Commerce may provide a grant to an eligible recipient that has con-ducted a needs assessment as described in subsection (c)(1) to develop infrastructure to expand STEM apprenticeship programs.’’. 
SEC. 313. NSF REPORT ON BROADENING PARTICI-PATION. 
Section 204(e) of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1885c(e)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—Every 2 years, the Committee shall prepare and submit to the Director a report on its activities during the previous 2 years and proposed activities for the next 2 years. The Director shall submit to Congress the report, unaltered, together with such comments as the Director con-siders appropriate, including— ‘‘(1) review data on the participation in Foundation activities of institutions serving populations that are underrepresented in STEM disciplines, including poor, rural, and tribal populations; and ‘‘(2) recommendations regarding how the Foundation could improve outreach and in-clusion of these populations in Foundation activities.’’. 
SEC. 314. NOAA SCIENCE EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4002(a) of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘agency, with consid-eration given to the goal of promoting the participation of individuals from underrep-resented groups’’ and inserting ‘‘the agency, with consideration given to the goal of pro-moting the participation of individuals iden-tified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b)’’. (b) E
DUCATIONAL PROGRAM GOALS .—Section 4002(b)(4) of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a(b)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (C) and subparagraph (D); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) are designed considering the unique needs of underrepresented groups, trans-lating such materials and other resources;’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) are promoted widely, especially among individuals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b); and’’. (c) M
ETRICS .—Section 4002 of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by adding after section (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) M
ETRICS .—In executing the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration science education plan under subsection (c), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7093 December 9, 2016 
the Administrator shall maintain a com-prehensive system for evaluating the Admin-istration’s educational programs and activi-ties. In so doing, the Administrator shall en-sure that such education programs have measurable objectives and milestones as well as clear, documented metrics for evaluating programs. For each such education program or portfolio of similar programs, the Admin-istrator shall— ‘‘(1) encourage the collection of evidence as relevant to the measurable objectives and milestones; and ‘‘(2) ensure that program or portfolio eval-uations focus on educational outcomes and not just inputs, activities completed, or the number of participants.’’. 
SEC. 315. HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITUTIONS UN-DERGRADUATE PROGRAM UPDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7033(a) of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o– 12(a)) is amended as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall award grants on a competitive, merit-re-viewed basis to Hispanic-serving institutions (as defined in section 502 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a)) to en-hance the quality of undergraduate STEM education at such institutions and to in-crease the retention and graduation rates of students pursuing associate’s or bacca-laureate degrees in science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics.’’. (b) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) of this section shall not affect any award of a grant or other form of financial assistance made under section 7033 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o–12) before the date of enactment of this Act. Such awards shall continue to be subject to the requirements to which such funds were subject under that section before the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE IV—LEVERAGING THE PRIVATE SECTOR 
SEC. 401. PRIZE COMPETITION AUTHORITY UP-DATE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Science Prize Competition Act’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 24 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
RIZES ’’ and by inserting ‘‘P RIZE COMPETI -
TIONS ’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘prize may be one or more of the following’’ and inserting ‘‘prize competition may be 1 or more of the following types of activities’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘competi-tion’’ after ‘‘prize’’; and (D) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘prize competitions’’; (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’ and in-serting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Govern-ment website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; (B) in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), by insert-ing ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prize’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘prize’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; (4) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’ each place it appears; (5) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’ each place it appears; (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) WAIVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may waive the requirement under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) L
IST.—The Director shall include a list of all of the waivers granted under this paragraph during the preceding fiscal year, including a detailed explanation of the rea-son for granting the waiver.’’; (6) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) L
ICENSES .—As appropriate and to fur-ther the goals of a prize competition, the Federal Government may negotiate a license for the use of intellectual property developed by a registered participant in a prize com-petition.’’; (7) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘each competition’’ and inserting ‘‘each prize com-petition’’ each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competitions’’ each place it appears; (8) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘an agree-ment with’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity or State or local govern-ment agency to administer the prize com-petition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; (9) in subsection (m)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Support for a prize com-petition under this section, including finan-cial support for the design and administra-tion of a prize competition or funds for a cash prize purse, may consist of Federal ap-propriated funds and funds provided by pri-vate sector for-profit and nonprofit entities. The head of an agency may request and ac-cept funds from other Federal agencies, State, United States territory, local, or trib-al government agencies, private sector for- profit entities, and nonprofit entities, to be available to the extent provided by appro-priations Acts, to support such prize com-petitions. The head of an agency may not give any special consideration to any agency or entity in return for a donation.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prize awards’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non-cash prize awards’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A
NNOUNCEMENT .—No prize competi-tion may be announced under subsection (f) until all the funds needed to pay out the an-nounced amount of the cash prize purse have been appropriated or committed in writing by a private or State, United States terri-tory, local, or tribal government source.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘competi-tion’’ after ‘‘prize’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘or State, United States territory, local, or tribal gov-ernment’’ after ‘‘private’’; and (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse or a non-cash prize award’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Science, Space, and Tech-nology’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non-cash prize awards’’; (10) in subsection (n)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘SERVICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘S
ERVICES ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the date of the enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010,’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of en-actment of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act,’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘for both for-profit and nonprofit entities and State, United States territory, local, and tribal government enti-ties,’’ after ‘‘contract vehicle’’; (11) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ‘‘or providing a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a prize competition or providing a cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; and (12) in subsection (p)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B
IENNIAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each year’’ and inserting ‘‘every other year’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Science, Space, and Tech-nology’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘2 fiscal years’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘The report for a fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘A report’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
PRIZES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
PRIZE PURSES OR NON -CASH  
PRIZE AWARDS ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non-cash prize awards’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) P
LAN.—A description of crosscutting topical areas and agency-specific mission needs that may be the strongest opportuni-ties for prize competitions during the upcom-ing 2 fiscal years.’’. 
SEC. 402. CROWDSOURCING AND CITIZEN SCIENCE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science Act’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the authority granted to Federal agen-cies under the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–358; 124 Stat. 3982) to pursue the use of incentive prizes and challenges has yielded numerous benefits; (2) crowdsourcing and citizen science projects have a number of additional unique benefits, including accelerating scientific re-search, increasing cost effectiveness to maxi-mize the return on taxpayer dollars, address-ing societal needs, providing hands-on learn-ing in STEM, and connecting members of the public directly to Federal science agency missions and to each other; and (3) granting Federal science agencies the direct, explicit authority to use crowdsourcing and citizen science will en-courage its appropriate use to advance Fed-eral science agency missions and stimulate and facilitate broader public participation in the innovation process, yielding numerous benefits to the Federal Government and citi-zens who participate in such projects. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ITIZEN SCIENCE .—The term ‘‘citizen science’’ means a form of open collaboration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7094 December 9, 2016 
in which individuals or organizations par-ticipate voluntarily in the scientific process in various ways, including— (A) enabling the formulation of research questions; (B) creating and refining project design; (C) conducting scientific experiments; (D) collecting and analyzing data; (E) interpreting the results of data; (F) developing technologies and applica-tions; (G) making discoveries; and (H) solving problems. (2) C
ROWDSOURCING .—The term ‘‘crowdsourcing’’ means a method to obtain needed services, ideas, or content by solic-iting voluntary contributions from a group of individuals or organizations, especially from an online community. (3) P
ARTICIPANT .—The term ‘‘participant’’ means any individual or other entity that has volunteered in a crowdsourcing or cit-izen science project under this section. (d) C
ROWDSOURCING AND CITIZEN SCIENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal science agency, or the heads of multiple Fed-eral science agencies working cooperatively, may utilize crowdsourcing and citizen science to conduct projects designed to ad-vance the mission of the respective Federal science agency or the joint mission of Fed-eral science agencies, as applicable. (2) V
OLUNTARY SERVICES .—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the head of a Federal science agency may ac-cept, subject to regulations issued by the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, services from participants under this section if such services— (A) are performed voluntarily as a part of a crowdsourcing or citizen science project authorized under paragraph (1); (B) are not financially compensated for their time; and (C) will not be used to displace any em-ployee of the Federal Government. (3) O
UTREACH .—The head of each Federal science agency engaged in a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section shall make public and promote such project to encourage broad participation. (4) C
ONSENT , REGISTRATION , AND TERMS OF  
USE.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal science agency shall determine the appropriate level of consent, registration, or acknowledgment of the terms of use that are required from participants in crowdsourcing or citizen science projects under this section on a per- project basis. (B) D
ISCLOSURES .—In seeking consent, con-ducting registration, or developing terms of use for a project under this subsection, a Federal science agency shall disclose the pri-vacy, intellectual property, data ownership, compensation, service, program, and other terms of use to the participant in a clear and reasonable manner. (C) M
ODE OF CONSENT .—A Federal agency or Federal science agencies, as applicable, may obtain consent electronically or in writ-ten form from participants under this sec-tion. (5) P
ROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN SUBJECTS .— Any crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section that involves research in-volving human subjects shall be subject to part 46 of title 28, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulation). (6) D
ATA.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal science agency shall, where appropriate and to the extent practicable, make data collected through a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section available to the public, in a machine readable format, unless prohibited by law. (B) NOTICE .—As part of the consent proc-ess, the Federal science agency shall notify all participants— (i) of the expected uses of the data com-piled through the project; (ii) if the Federal science agency will re-tain ownership of such data; (iii) if and how the data and results from the project would be made available for pub-lic or third party use; and (iv) if participants are authorized to pub-lish such data. (7) T
ECHNOLOGIES AND APPLICATIONS .—Fed- eral science agencies shall endeavor to make technologies, applications, code, and deriva-tions of such intellectual property developed through a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section available to the public. (8) L
IABILITY .—Each participant in a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section shall agree— (A) to assume any and all risks associated with such participation; and (B) to waive all claims against the Federal Government and its related entities, except for claims based on willful misconduct, for any injury, death, damage, or loss of prop-erty, revenue, or profits (whether direct, in-direct, or consequential) arising from par-ticipation in the project. (9) R
ESEARCH MISCONDUCT .—Federal science agencies coordinating crowdsourcing or cit-izen science projects under this section shall make all practicable efforts to ensure that participants adhere to all relevant Federal research misconduct policies and other ap-plicable ethics policies. (10) M
ULTI-SECTOR PARTNERSHIPS .—The head of each Federal science agency engaged in crowdsourcing or citizen science under this section, or the heads of multiple Federal science agencies working cooperatively, may enter into a contract or other agreement to share administrative duties for such projects with— (A) a for profit or nonprofit private sector entity, including a private institution of higher education; (B) a State, tribal, local, or foreign govern-ment agency, including a public institution of higher education; or (C) a public-private partnership. (11) F
UNDING .—In carrying out crowdsourcing and citizen science projects under this section, the head of a Federal science agency, or the heads of multiple Fed-eral science agencies working coopera-tively— (A) may use funds appropriated by Con-gress; (B) may publicize projects and solicit and accept funds or in-kind support for such projects, to be available to the extent pro-vided by appropriations Acts, from— (i) other Federal agencies; (ii) for profit or nonprofit private sector entities, including private institutions of higher education; or (iii) State, tribal, local, or foreign govern-ment agencies, including public institutions of higher education; and (C) may not give any special consideration to any entity described in subparagraph (B) in return for such funds or in-kind support. (12) F
ACILITATION .— (A) G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION AS -
SISTANCE .—The Administrator of the General Services Administration, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, shall, at no cost to Federal science agencies, identify and develop relevant products, training, and services to facilitate the use of crowdsourcing and citizen science projects under this section, including by specifying the appropriate contract vehicles and tech-nology and organizational platforms to en-hance the ability of Federal science agencies to carry out the projects under this section. (B) ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE .—The head of each Federal science agency engaged in crowdsourcing or citizen science under this section may— (i) consult any guidance provided by the Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, including the Federal Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science Toolkit; (ii) designate a coordinator for that Fed-eral science agency’s crowdsourcing and cit-izen science projects; and (iii) share best practices with other Fed-eral agencies, including participation of staff in the Federal Community of Practice for Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall include, as a compo-nent of an annual report required under sec-tion 24(p) of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719(p)), a report on the projects and activi-ties carried out under this section. (2) I
NFORMATION INCLUDED .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a summary of each crowdsourcing and citizen science project conducted by a Fed-eral science agency during the most recently completed 2 fiscal years, including a descrip-tion of the proposed goals of each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (B) an analysis of why the utilization of a crowdsourcing or citizen science project summarized in subparagraph (A) was the preferable method of achieving the goals de-scribed in subparagraph (A) as opposed to other authorities available to the Federal science agency, such as contracts, grants, co-operative agreements, and prize competi-tions; (C) the participation rates, submission lev-els, number of consents, and any other sta-tistic that might be considered relevant in each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (D) a detailed description of— (i) the resources, including personnel and funding, that were used in the execution of each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (ii) the project activities for which such re-sources were used; and (iii) how the obligations and expenditures relating to the project’s execution were allo-cated among the accounts of the Federal science agency, including a description of the amount and source of all funds, private, public, and in-kind, contributed to each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (E) a summary of the use of crowdsourcing and citizen science by all Federal science agencies, including interagency and multi- sector partnerships; (F) a description of how each crowdsourcing and citizen science project ad-vanced the mission of each participating Federal science agency; (G) an identification of each crowdsourcing or citizen science project where data col-lected through such project was not made available to the public, including the reasons for such action; and (H) any other information that the Direc-tor of the Office of Science and Technology Policy considers relevant. (f) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (1) to affect the authority to conduct crowdsourcing and citizen science authorized by any other provision of law; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7095 December 9, 2016 
(2) to displace Federal Government re-sources allocated to the Federal science agencies that use crowdsourcing or citizen science authorized under this section to carry out a project. 
SEC. 403. NIST DIRECTOR FUNCTIONS UPDATE. 
Section 2(b) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(b)), as amended by section 403 of this Act, is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘authorized to take’’ and insert-ing ‘‘authorized to serve as the President’s principal adviser on standards policy per-taining to the Nation’s technological com-petitiveness and innovation ability and to take’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘compare standards’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Federal Government’’ and inserting ‘‘facili-tate standards-related information sharing and cooperation between Federal agencies’’; and (3) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘Federal, State, and local’’ and all that follows through ‘‘private sector’’ and inserting ‘‘technical standards activities and con-formity assessment activities of Federal, State, and local governments with private sector’’. 
SEC. 404. NIST VISITING COMMITTEE ON AD-VANCED TECHNOLOGY UPDATE. 
Section 10 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘15 members appointed by the Director, at least 10 of whom’’ and inserting ‘‘not fewer than 9 members appointed by the Director, a major-ity of whom’’; and (B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Na-tional Bureau of Standards’’ and inserting ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology’’; and (2) in subsection (h)(1), by striking ‘‘, in-cluding the Program established under sec-tion 28,’’. TITLE V—MANUFACTURING 
SEC. 501. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-SION PARTNERSHIP IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Manufacturing Extension Part-nership Improvement Act’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 25. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-SION PARTNERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) A
REA CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU -
CATION SCHOOL .—The term ‘area career and technical education school’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Vocational Education Act of 1963 (20 U.S.C. 2302). ‘‘(3) C
ENTER .—The term ‘Center’ means a manufacturing extension center that— ‘‘(A) is created under subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) is affiliated with an eligible entity that applies for and is awarded financial sup-port under subsection (e). ‘‘(4) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘com-munity college’ means an institution of higher education (as defined under section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) at which the highest degree that is predominately awarded to students is an associate’s degree. ‘‘(5) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a United States-based non-profit institution, or consortium thereof, an institution of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal gov-ernment. ‘‘(6) H
OLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTENSION  
PARTNERSHIP OR PROGRAM .—The term ‘Hol-lings Manufacturing Extension Partnership’ or ‘Program’ means the program established under subsection (b). ‘‘(7) MEP 
ADVISORY BOARD .—The term ‘MEP Advisory Board’ means the Manufac-turing Extension Partnership Advisory Board established under subsection (n). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .—The Secretary, acting through the Director and, if appropriate, through other Federal offi-cials, shall establish a program to provide assistance for the creation and support of manufacturing extension centers for the transfer of manufacturing technology and best business practices. ‘‘(c) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the Pro-gram shall be to enhance competitiveness, productivity, and technological performance in United States manufacturing through— ‘‘(1) the transfer of manufacturing tech-nology and techniques developed at the In-stitute to Centers and, through them, to manufacturing companies throughout the United States; ‘‘(2) the participation of individuals from industry, institutions of higher education, State governments, other Federal agencies, and, when appropriate, the Institute in coop-erative technology transfer activities; ‘‘(3) efforts to make new manufacturing technology and processes usable by United States-based small and medium-sized compa-nies; ‘‘(4) the active dissemination of scientific, engineering, technical, and management in-formation about manufacturing to industrial firms, including small and medium-sized manufacturing companies; ‘‘(5) the utilization, when appropriate, of the expertise and capability that exists in Federal agencies, other than the Institute, and federally-sponsored laboratories; ‘‘(6) the provision to community colleges and area career and technical education schools of information about the job skills needed in manufacturing companies, includ-ing small and medium-sized manufacturing businesses in the regions they serve; ‘‘(7) the promotion and expansion of cer-tification systems offered through industry, associations, and local colleges when appro-priate, including efforts such as facilitating training, supporting new or existing appren-ticeships, and providing access to informa-tion and experts, to address workforce needs and skills gaps in order to assist small- and medium-sized manufacturing businesses; and ‘‘(8) the growth in employment and wages at United States-based small and medium- sized companies. ‘‘(d) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities of a Center shall include— ‘‘(1) the establishment of automated manu-facturing systems and other advanced pro-duction technologies, based on Institute-sup-ported research, for the purpose of dem-onstrations and technology transfer; ‘‘(2) the active transfer and dissemination of research findings and Center expertise to a wide range of companies and enterprises, particularly small and medium-sized manu-facturers; and ‘‘(3) the facilitation of collaborations and partnerships between small and medium- sized manufacturing companies , community colleges, and area career and technical edu-cation schools, to help those entities better understand the specific needs of manufactur-ers and to help manufacturers better under-stand the skill sets that students learn in the programs offered by such colleges and schools. ‘‘(e) FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide fi-nancial assistance for the creation and sup-port of a Center through a cooperative agree-ment with an eligible entity. ‘‘(2) C
OST SHARING .—The Secretary may not provide more than 50 percent of the cap-ital and annual operating and maintenance funds required to establish and support a Center. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (2), any amount received by an eligible entity for a Center under a provision of law other than paragraph (1) shall not be considered an amount provided under para-graph (1). ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may re-vise or promulgate such regulations as nec-essary to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM DESCRIPTION .—The Secretary shall establish and update, as necessary— ‘‘(A) a description of the Program; ‘‘(B) the application procedures; ‘‘(C) performance metrics; ‘‘(D) criteria for determining qualified ap-plicants; and ‘‘(E) criteria for choosing recipients of fi-nancial assistance from among the qualified applicants. ‘‘(F) procedures for determining allowable cost share contributions; and ‘‘(G) such other program policy objectives and operational procedures as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘(3) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To be considered for fi-nancial assistance under this section, an ap-plicant shall provide adequate assurances that the applicant and if applicable, the ap-plicant’s partnering organizations, will ob-tain funding for not less than 50 percent of the capital and annual operating and main-tenance funds required to establish and sup-port the Center from sources other than the financial assistance provided under sub-section (e). ‘‘(B) A
GREEMENTS WITH OTHER ENTITIES .—In meeting the cost-sharing requirement under subparagraph (A), an eligible entity may enter into an agreement with 1 or more other entities, such as a private industry, in-stitutions of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal gov-ernment for the contribution by that other entity of funding if the Secretary determines the agreement— ‘‘(i) is programmatically reasonable; ‘‘(ii) will help accomplish programmatic objectives; and ‘‘(iii) is allocable under Program proce-dures under subsection (f)(2). ‘‘(4) L
EGAL RIGHTS .—Each applicant shall include in the application a proposal for the allocation of the legal rights associated with any intellectual property which may result from the activities of the Center. ‘‘(5) M
ERIT REVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-ject each application to merit review. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a deci-sion whether to approve an application and provide financial assistance under subsection (e), the Secretary shall consider, at a min-imum— ‘‘(i) the merits of the application, particu-larly those portions of the application re-garding technology transfer, training and education, and adaptation of manufacturing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7096 December 9, 2016 
technologies to the needs of particular indus-trial sectors; ‘‘(ii) the quality of service to be provided; ‘‘(iii) the geographical diversity and extent of the service area; and ‘‘(iv) the type and percentage of funding and in-kind commitment from other sources under paragraph (3). ‘‘(g) E
VALUATIONS .— ‘‘(1) T
HIRD AND EIGHTH YEAR EVALUATIONS  
BY PANEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each Center is evaluated during its third and eighth years of operation by an evaluation panel appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) C
OMPOSITION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each evaluation panel appointed under subparagraph (A) is composed of— ‘‘(i) private experts, none of whom are con-nected with the Center evaluated by the panel; and ‘‘(ii) Federal officials. ‘‘(C) C
HAIRPERSON .—For each evaluation panel appointed under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall appoint a chairperson who is an official of the Institute. ‘‘(2) F
IFTH YEAR EVALUATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—In the fifth year of operation of a Center, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the Center. ‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—In eval- uating a Center an evaluation panel or the Secretary, as applicable, shall measure the performance of the Center against— ‘‘(A) the objective specified in subsection (c); ‘‘(B) the performance metrics under sub-section (f)(2)(C); and ‘‘(C) such other criterion as considered ap-propriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) P
OSITIVE EVALUATIONS .—If an evalua-tion of a Center is positive, the Secretary may continue to provide financial assistance for the Center— ‘‘(A) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the third year of a Center, through the fifth year of the Center; ‘‘(B) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the fifth year of a Center, through the eighth year of the Center; and ‘‘(C) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the eighth year of a Center, through the tenth year of the Center. ‘‘(5) O
THER THAN POSITIVE EVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(A) P
ROBATION .—If an evaluation of a Cen-ter is other than positive, the Secretary shall put the Center on probation during the period beginning on the date that the Center receives notice under subparagraph (B)(i) and ending on the date that the reevaluation is complete under subparagraph (B)(iii). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND REEVALUATION .—If a Cen- ter receives an evaluation that is other than positive, the evaluation panel or Secretary, as applicable, shall— ‘‘(i) notify the Center of the reason, includ-ing any deficiencies in the performance of the Center identified during the evaluation; ‘‘(ii) assist the Center in remedying the de-ficiencies by providing the Center, not less frequently than once every 3 months, an analysis of the Center, if considered appro-priate by the panel or Secretary, as applica-ble; and ‘‘(iii) reevaluate the Center not later than 1 year after the date of the notice under clause (i). ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED SUPPORT DURING PERIOD OF  
PROBATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-tinue to provide financial assistance under subsection (e) for a Center during the proba-tion period. ‘‘(ii) P
OST PROBATION .—After the period of probation, the Secretary shall not provide any financial assistance unless the Center has received a positive evaluation under sub-paragraph (B)(iii). ‘‘(6) FAILURE TO REMEDY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a Center fails to rem-edy a deficiency or to show significant im-provement in performance before the end of the probation period under paragraph (5), the Secretary shall conduct a competition to se-lect an operator for the Center under sub-section (h). ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF CENTERS SUBJECT TO  
NEW COMPETITION .—Upon the selection of an operator for a Center under subsection (h), the Center shall be considered a new Center and the calculation of the years of operation of that Center for purposes of paragraphs (1) through (5) of this subsection and subsection (h)(1) shall start anew. ‘‘(h) R
EAPPLICATION COMPETITION FOR FI-
NANCIAL ASSISTANCE AFTER 10 Y EARS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an eligible entity has operated a Center under this section for a pe-riod of 10 consecutive years, the Secretary shall conduct a competition to select an eli-gible entity to operate the Center in accord-ance with the process plan under subsection (i). ‘‘(2) I
NCUMBENT ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An eli- gible entity that has received financial as-sistance under this section for a period of 10 consecutive years and that the Secretary de-termines is in good standing shall be eligible to compete in the competition under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF CENTERS SUBJECT TO RE -
APPLICATION COMPETITION .—Upon the selec-tion of an operator for a Center under para-graph (1), the Center shall be considered a new Center and the calculation of the years of operation of that Center for purposes of paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (g) shall start anew. ‘‘(i) P
ROCESS PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act, the Secretary shall implement and sub-mit to Congress a plan for how the Institute will conduct an evaluation, competition, and reapplication competition under this sec-tion. ‘‘(j) O
PERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMA -
TION OF CENTER CLIENTS .—The following in-formation, if obtained by the Federal Gov-ernment in connection with an activity of a Center or the Program, shall be exempt from public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code: ‘‘(A) Information on the business operation of any participant in the Program or of a cli-ent of a Center. ‘‘(B) Trade secrets of any client of a Cen-ter. ‘‘(k) O
VERSIGHT BOARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition on receipt of financial assistance for a Center under subsection (e), an eligible entity shall estab-lish a board to oversee the operations of the Center. ‘‘(2) S
TANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall es-tablish appropriate standards for each board described under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the standards, the Director shall take into ac-count the type and organizational structure of an eligible entity. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The standards shall address— ‘‘(i) membership; ‘‘(ii) composition; ‘‘(iii) term limits; ‘‘(iv) conflicts of interest; and ‘‘(v) such other requirements as the Direc-tor considers necessary. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each board established under paragraph (1) shall be composed of members as follows: ‘‘(i) The membership of each board shall be representative of stakeholders in the region in which the Center is located. ‘‘(ii) A majority of the members of the board shall be selected from among individ-uals who own or are employed by small or medium-sized manufacturers. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—A member of a board es-tablished under paragraph (1) may not serve on more than 1 board established under that paragraph. ‘‘(4) B
YLAWS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each board established under paragraph (1) shall adopt and submit to the Director bylaws to govern the oper-ation of the board. ‘‘(B) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—Bylaws adopted under subparagraph (A) shall include policies to minimize conflicts of interest, in-cluding such policies relating to disclosure of relationships and recusal as may be nec-essary to minimize conflicts of interest. ‘‘(l) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS .—In addition to such sums as may be appropriated to the Secretary and Director to operate the Pro-gram, the Secretary and Director may also accept funds from other Federal departments and agencies and from the private sector under section 2(c)(7) of this Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)(7)), to be available to the extent pro-vided by appropriations Acts, for the purpose of strengthening United States manufac-turing. ‘‘(m) MEP A
DVISORY BOARD .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Institute a Manufacturing Exten-sion Partnership Advisory Board. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The MEP Advisory Board shall consist of not fewer than 10 members appointed by the Director and broadly rep-resentative of stakeholders. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Of the members ap-pointed under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) at least 2 members shall be employed by or on an advisory board for a Center; ‘‘(II) at least 5 members shall be from United States small businesses in the manu-facturing sector; and ‘‘(III) at least 1 member shall represent a community college. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION .—No member of the MEP Advisory Board shall be an employee of the Federal Government. ‘‘(B) T
ERM.—Except as provided in subpara-graph (C), the term of office of each member of the MEP Advisory Board shall be 3 years. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCIES .—Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expi-ration of the term for which his predecessor was appointed shall be appointed for the re-mainder of such term. ‘‘(D) S
ERVING CONSECUTIVE TERMS .—Any person who has completed 2 consecutive full terms of service on the MEP Advisory Board shall thereafter be ineligible for appoint-ment during the 1-year period following the expiration of the second such term. ‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The MEP Advisory Board shall— ‘‘(A) meet not less than biannually; and ‘‘(B) provide to the Director— ‘‘(i) advice on the activities, plans, and policies of the Program; ‘‘(ii) assessments of the soundness of the plans and strategies of the Program; and ‘‘(iii) assessments of current performance against the plans of the Program. ‘‘(4) FACA 
APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In discharging its duties under this subsection, the MEP Advisory Board shall function solely in an advisory capacity, in accordance with the Federal Ad-visory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Section 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the MEP Advisory Board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7097 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(5) A NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At a minimum, the MEP Advisory Board shall transmit an annual re-port to the Secretary for transmittal to Con-gress not later than 30 days after the submis-sion to Congress of the President’s annual budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall address the status of the Program and describe the relevant sections of the programmatic plan-ning document and updates thereto trans-mitted to Congress by the Director under subsections (c) and (d) of section 23 (15 U.S.C. 278i). ‘‘(n) S
MALL MANUFACTURERS .— ‘‘(1) E
VALUATION OF OBSTACLES .—As part of the Program, the Director shall— ‘‘(A) identify obstacles that prevent small manufacturers from effectively competing in the global market; ‘‘(B) implement a comprehensive plan to train the Centers to address the obstacles identified in paragraph (2); and ‘‘(C) facilitate improved communication between the Centers to assist such manufac-turers in implementing appropriate, targeted solutions to the obstacles identified in para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF OPEN ACCESS RE -
SOURCES .—As part of the Program, the Sec-retary shall develop open access resources that address best practices related to inven-tory sourcing, supply chain management, manufacturing techniques, available Federal resources, and other topics to further the competitiveness and profitability of small manufacturers.’’. (c) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS PROGRAM .—The National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 25 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 25A. COMPETITIVE AWARDS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall establish within the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership under section 25 (15 U.S.C. 278k) and section 26 (15 U.S.C. 278l) a program of competitive awards among par-ticipants described in subsection (b) of this section for the purposes described in sub-section (c). ‘‘(b) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Participants receiving awards under this section shall be Centers, or a consortium of Centers. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE , THEMES , AND REIMBURSE -
MENT .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program established under subsection (a) is to add ca-pabilities to the Hollings Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership, including the develop-ment of projects to solve new or emerging manufacturing problems as determined by the Director, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, the MEP Advisory Board, other Federal agencies, and small and medium- sized manufacturers. ‘‘(2) T
HEMES .—The Director may identify 1 or more themes for a competition carried out under this section, which may vary from year to year, as the Director considers ap-propriate after assessing the needs of manu-facturers and the success of previous com-petitions. ‘‘(3) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Centers may be re-imbursed for costs incurred by the Centers under this section. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—Applications for awards under this section shall be submitted in such manner, at such time, and con-taining such information as the Director shall require in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board. ‘‘(e) S
ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) P
EER REVIEW AND COMPETITIVELY  
AWARDED .—The Director shall ensure that awards under this section are peer reviewed and competitively awarded. ‘‘(2) GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—The Director shall endeavor to have broad geographic di-versity among selected proposals. ‘‘(3) C
RITERIA .—The Director shall select applications to receive awards that the Di-rector determines will achieve 1 or more of the following: ‘‘(A) Improve the competitiveness of indus-tries in the region in which the Center or Centers are located. ‘‘(B) Create jobs or train newly hired em-ployees. ‘‘(C) Promote the transfer and commer-cialization of research and technology from institutions of higher education, national laboratories or other federally funded re-search programs, and nonprofit research in-stitutes. ‘‘(D) Recruit a diverse manufacturing workforce, including through outreach to underrepresented populations, including in-dividuals identified in section 33 or section 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Op-portunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b). ‘‘(E) Such other result as the Director de-termines will advance the objective set forth in section 25(c) (15 U.S.C. 278k) or in section 26 (15 U.S.C. 278l). ‘‘(f) P
ROGRAM CONTRIBUTION .—Recipients of awards under this section shall not be re-quired to provide a matching contribution. ‘‘(g) G
LOBAL MARKETPLACE PROJECTS .—In making an award under this section, the Di-rector, in consultation with the MEP Advi-sory Board and the Secretary, may take into consideration whether an application has significant potential for enhancing the com-petitiveness of small and medium-sized United States manufacturers in the global marketplace. ‘‘(h) D
URATION .—The duration of an award under this section shall be for not more than 3 years. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—The terms used in this section have the meanings given the terms in section 25 (15 U.S.C. 278k).’’. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board (as defined in section 25 of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k)), shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report analyzing— (A) the effectiveness of the changes in the cost share to Centers under section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k); (B) the engagement in services and the characteristics of services provided by 2 types of Centers, including volume and type of service; and (C) whether the cost-sharing ratio has any effect on the services provided by either type of Center. (2) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of submission of the report under paragraph (1), the Director of NIST shall contract with an independent organiza-tion to perform an assessment of the imple-mentation of the reapplication competition process. (B) C
ONSULTATION .—The independent orga-nization performing the assessment under subparagraph (A) may consult with the MEP Advisory Board (as defined in section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k)). (3) C
OMPARISON OF CENTERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report providing information on the first and second years of operations for Centers (as defined in section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k)) operating from new competitions or recompetition as compared to longstanding Centers. (B) CONTENTS .—The report shall provide detail on the engagement in services pro-vided by Centers and the characteristics of services provided, including volume and type of services, so that the appropriate commit-tees of Congress can evaluate whether the cost-sharing ratio has an effect on the serv-ices provided at Centers. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2199(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘regional center’’ and in-serting ‘‘manufacturing extension center’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘and best business prac-tices’’ before ‘‘referred’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘25(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘25(b)’’. (2) E
NTERPRISE INTEGRATION INITIATIVE .— Section 3(a) of the Enterprise Integration Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 278g-5(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘Hollings’’ before ‘‘Manufacturing Extension Partnership’’. (3) A
SSISTANCE TO STATE TECHNOLOGY PRO -
GRAMS .—Section 26(a) of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278l(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Cen-ters program created’’ and inserting ‘‘Hol-lings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship’’. (f) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—Notwithstanding the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) of this section, the Secretary of Com-merce may carry out section 25 of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) as that section was in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, with respect to existing grants, agreements, cooperative agreements, or con-tracts, and with respect to applications for such items that are received by the Sec-retary prior to the date of enactment of this Act. (g) P
ATENT RIGHTS .—The provisions of chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code, shall apply, to the extent not inconsistent with section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) and section 25 of that Act, to the pro-motion of technology from research by Cen-ters under those sections, except for con-tracts for such specific technology extension or transfer services as may be specified by the Director of NIST or under other law. TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
SEC. 601. INNOVATION CORPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The National Science Foundation Inno-vation Corps (referred to in this section as the ‘‘I-Corps’’) was established to foster a na-tional innovation ecosystem by encouraging institutions, scientists, engineers, and entre-preneurs to identify and explore the innova-tion and commercial potential of National Science Foundation-funded research well be-yond the laboratory. (2) Through I-Corps, the Foundation in-vests in entrepreneurship and commer-cialization education, training, and men-toring that can ultimately lead to the prac-tical deployment of technologies, products, processes, and services that improve the Na-tion’s competitiveness, promote economic growth, and benefit society. (3) By building networks of entrepreneurs, educators, mentors, institutions, and col-laborations, and supporting specialized edu-cation and training, I-Corps is at the leading edge of a strong, lasting foundation for an American innovation ecosystem. (4) By translating federally funded re-search to a commercial stage more quickly and efficiently, programs like the I-Corps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7098 December 9, 2016 
create new jobs and companies, help solve so-cietal problems, and provide taxpayers with a greater return on their investment in re-search. (5) The I-Corps program model has a strong record of success that should be replicated at all Federal science agencies. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) commercialization of federally funded research can improve the Nation’s competi-tiveness, grow the economy, and benefit soci-ety; (2) I-Corps is a useful tool in promoting the commercialization of federally funded re-search by training researchers funded by the Foundation in entrepreneurship and com-mercialization; (3) I-Corps should continue to build a net-work of entrepreneurs, educators, mentors, and institutions and support specialized edu-cation and training; (4) researchers other than those funded by the Foundation may also benefit from the education and training described in para-graph (3); and (5) I-Corps should continue to promote a strong innovation system by investing in and supporting female entrepreneurs through mentorship, education, and training because they are historically underrep-resented in entrepreneurial fields. (c) I-C
ORPS PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to promote a strong, lasting foundation for the national innovation ecosystem and increase the posi-tive economic and social impact of federally funded research, the Director of the Founda-tion shall set forth eligibility requirements and carry out a program to award grants for entrepreneurship and commercialization education, training, and mentoring. (2) E
XPANSION OF I -CORPS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director— (i) shall encourage the development and expansion of I-Corps and other training pro-grams that focus on professional develop-ment, including education in entrepreneur-ship and commercialization; and (ii) may establish an agreement with an-other Federal science agency— (I) to make researchers, students, and in-stitutions funded by that agency eligible to participate in the I-Corps program; or (II) to assist that agency with the design and implementation of its own program that is similar to the I-Corps program. (B) P
ARTNERSHIP FUNDING .—In negotiating an agreement with another Federal science agency under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Direc-tor shall require that Federal science agency to provide funding for— (i) the training for researchers, students, and institutions selected for the I-Corps pro-gram; and (ii) the locations that Federal science agency designates as regional and national infrastructure for science and engineering entrepreneurship. (3) F
OLLOW -ON GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Director, in consultation with the Director of the Small Business Innovation Research Program, shall make funds avail-able for competitive grants, including to I- Corps participants, to help support— (i) prototype or proof-of-concept develop-ment; and (ii) such activities as the Director con-siders necessary to build local, regional, and national infrastructure for science and engi-neering entrepreneurship. (B) L
IMITATION .—Grants under subpara-graph (A) shall be limited to participants with innovations that because of the early stage of development are not eligible to par-ticipate in a Small Business Innovation Re-search Program or a Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program. (4) STATE AND LOCAL PARTNERSHIPS .—The Director may engage in partnerships with State and local governments, economic de-velopment organizations, and nonprofit orga-nizations to provide access to the I-Corps program to support entrepreneurship edu-cation and training for researchers, students, and institutions under this subsection. (5) R
EPORTS .—The Director shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a bi-ennial report on I-Corps program efficacy, including metrics on the effectiveness of the program. Each Federal science agency par-ticipating in the I-Corps program or that im-plements a similar program under paragraph (2)(A) shall contribute to the report. (6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘Small Business Innovation Research Program’’ and ‘‘Small Business Technology Transfer Program’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 9 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638). 
SEC. 602. TRANSLATIONAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) commercialization of federally funded research may benefit society and the econ-omy; and (2) not-for-profit organizations support the commercialization of federally funded re-search by providing useful business and tech-nical expertise to researchers. (b) C
OMMERCIALIZATION PROMOTION .—The Director of the Foundation shall continue to award grants on a competitive, merit-re-viewed basis to eligible entities to promote the commercialization of federally funded re-search results. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Activities supported by grants under this section may include— (1) identifying Foundation-sponsored re-search and technologies that have the poten-tial for accelerated commercialization; (2) supporting prior or current Foundation- sponsored investigators, institutions of high-er education, and non-profit organizations that partner with an institution of higher education in undertaking proof-of-concept work, including development of prototypes of technologies that are derived from Foun-dation-sponsored research and have potential market value; (3) promoting sustainable partnerships be-tween Foundation-funded institutions, in-dustry, and other organizations within aca-demia and the private sector with the pur-pose of accelerating the transfer of tech-nology; (4) developing multi-disciplinary innova-tion ecosystems which involve and are re-sponsive to specific needs of academia and industry; and (5) providing professional development, mentoring, and advice in entrepreneurship, project management, and technology and business development to innovators. (d) E
LIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The following organiza-tions may be eligible for grants under this section: (A) Institutions of higher education. (B) Public or nonprofit technology transfer organizations. (C) A nonprofit organization that partners with an institution of higher education. (D) A consortia of 2 or more of the organi-zations described under subparagraphs (A) through (C). (2) L
EAD ORGANIZATIONS .—Any eligible or-ganization under paragraph (1) may apply as a lead organization. (e) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity seek-ing a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Director at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Director may require. SEC. 603. OPTICS AND PHOTONICS TECHNOLOGY INNOVATIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The 1998 National Research Council Re-port, ‘‘Harnessing Light’’ presented a com-prehensive overview on the importance of optics and photonics to various sectors of the United States economy. (2) In 2012, in response to increased coordi-nation and investment by other nations, the National Research Council released a follow up study recommending a national photonics initiative to increase collaboration and co-ordination among United States industry, Federal and State government, and aca-demia to identify and further advance areas of photonics critical to regaining United States competitiveness and maintaining na-tional security. (3) Publicly-traded companies focused on optics and photonics in the United States en-able more than $3 trillion in revenue annu-ally. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) optics and photonics research and tech-nologies promote United States global com-petitiveness in industry sectors, including telecommunications and information tech-nology, energy, healthcare and medicine, manufacturing, and defense; (2) Federal science agencies, industry, and academia should seek partnerships with each other to develop basic research in optics and photonics into more mature technologies and capabilities; and (3) each Federal science agency, as appro-priate, should— (A) survey and identify optics and photonics-related programs within that Fed-eral science agency and share results with other Federal science agencies for the pur-pose of generating multiple applications and uses; (B) partner with the private sector and academia to leverage knowledge and re-sources to maximize opportunities for inno-vation in optics and photonics; (C) explore research and development op-portunities, including Federal and private sector-sponsored internships, to ensure a highly trained optics and photonics work-force in the United States; (D) encourage partnerships between aca-demia and industry to promote improvement in the education of optics and photonics technicians at the secondary school level, undergraduate level, and 2-year college level, including through the Foundation’s Ad-vanced Technological Education program; and (E) assess existing programs and explore alternatives to modernize photonics labora-tory equipment in undergraduate institu-tions in the United States to facilitate crit-ical hands-on learning. 
SEC. 604. UNITED STATES CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘United States Chief Technology Officer Act’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 203 the National Science and Technology Policy, Organiza-tion, and Priorities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6612) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(b) A
SSOCIATE DIREC-
TORS .—’’ before ‘‘The President is author-ized’’ and indenting appropriately; (2) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘There shall be’’ and indenting appro-priately; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
HIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER .—Subject to subsection (b), the President is authorized to designate 1 of the Associate Directors under that subsection as a United States Chief Technology Officer.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7099 December 9, 2016 
SEC. 605. NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL STUDY ON TECHNOLOGY FOR EMERGENCY NOTIFICATIONS ON CAMPUSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy shall enter into an arrange-ment with the National Research Council to conduct and complete a study to identify and review technologies employed at institutions of higher education to provide notifications to students, faculty, and other personnel during emergency situations in accordance with law. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall address— (1) the timeliness of notifications provided by the technologies during emergency situa-tions; (2) the durability of the technologies in de-livering the notifications to students, fac-ulty, and other personnel; and (3) the limitations exhibited by the tech-nologies to successfully deliver the notifica-tions not more than 30 seconds after the in-stitution of higher education transmits the notifications. (c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date that the National Re-search Council enters into the arrangement under subsection (a), the Director of the Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy shall submit to Congress a report on the study, in-cluding recommendations for addressing any limitations identified under subsection (b)(3). f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator R
ONWYDEN , intend to ob-ject to proceeding to H.R. 6438, an act to extend the waiver of limitations with respect to excluding from gross income amounts received by wrong-fully incarcerated individuals; dated December 9, 2016. 
f 
NOMINATIONS DISCHARGED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as in executive session, I ask unanimous consent that the Commerce Committee be discharged and the Senate proceed to the consideration of PN1894 through PN1899 and PN1831, that the nomina-tions be confirmed en bloc, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate, that no further mo-tions be in order, that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD , and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  The following named officers for appoint-ment to the grade indicated in the United States Coast Guard under title 14, U.S.C., section 271(E): To be lieutenant commander Stephen J. Albert Elroy S. Allen Kirsten M. Ambors-Casey Juan C. Avila Kenji R. Awamura Charles J. Bare Dustin G. Barker Todd C. Batten Caroline B. Bell Zachary C. Bender James C. Bennett Jonathan P. Benvenuto Jason L. Berger Nicole L. Blanchard Simon G. Blanco Jordan T. Boghosian Christopher A. Bonner Chad M. Brook Christine S. Brown Bryan P. Brownlee Mark W. Burgner William J. Burwell Kristen M. Byers Nelson W. Cable Nolan V. Cain Kristen B. Caldwell Gregory S. Carr Jason R. Carrillo Kyle M. Carter Kyra M. Chin-Dykeman Erin H. Chlum Bradley R. Clemons Megan K. Clifford Robert D. Cole, Jr. Roberto C. Concepcion Jason A. Condon Kevin H. Connell Rebecca M. Corson James D. Couch Brian A. Crimmel Bryan S. Crook Lane P. Cutler Kathryn R. Cyr Steven T. Davies Rebecca W. Dearkin Michael A. Deal Daniel J. Deangelo Andrew B. Dennelly Amanda W. Denning Amanda M. Dipietro Anna K. Dixon Timothy W. Dolan Kelli M. Dougherty Leslie M. Downing Stephen J. Drauszewski Michael J. Dubinsky Quinton L. Dubose Andrew S. Dunlevy Elisa F. Dykman Ronald Easley Erica L. Elfguinn Patricia C. Elliston Denny A. Ernster Bryce G. Ettestad Jason E. Evans Daniel J. Every Amanda L. Fahrig Diana Ferguson Jamison R. Ferriell Traci-Ann Fiammetta Michael L. Flint John M. Forster Edward K. Forys Rebecca A. Fosha Michelle M. Foster James T. Freeman Jeffrey A. Fry Nicholas A. Galati Victor J. Galgano Rven T. Garcia Micah N. Gentile Zachery J. Geyer Mario G. Gil David M. Gilbert David S. Gonzalez Eliezer Gonzalez Lee R. Gorlin Robert D. Gorman Andrew M. Grantham Christopher F. Greenough Patrick J. Grizzle Sean T. Groark Michael B. Groncki II Ian C. Groom Anthony J. Guido Matthew C. Haddad Brian M. Hall Ian Hanna Eric C. Hanson Kevan P. Hanson Brent L. Hardgrave Stephen A. Hart Lisa G. Hartley Jason L. Hathaway Kelly L. Haupt Joseph S. Heal Terrance L. Herdliska Matthew R. Herring Jennifer L. Hertzler John D. Hess Jerod M. Hitzel Stefanie J. Hodgdon James M. Hodges Jonathan W. Hofius Zachary D. Huff Steven W. Hulse Matthew C. Hunt Bryson C. Jacobs Raymond M. Jamros Sarah M. Janaro David L. Janney Andrew B. Jantzen Chelsea A. Kalil Abigail H. Kawada Caroline D. Kearney Gary G. Kim Min H. Kim Gretal G. Kinney David B. Komar Brittani J. Koroknay Kevin K. Koski Matthew M. Kroll Sarah A. Krolman Nicholas R. Kross Brownie J. Kuk Celina H. Ladyga Jonathan W. Ladyga Leo C. Lake Jonathan M. Laraia Dustin T. Lee Karen M. Lee Blake K. Leedy Clinton D. Lemasters Paul M. Leon Benjamin S. Leuthold Aaron B. Leyko James P. Litzinger John T. Livingston Robert J. Lokar Sean A. Lott Rachael E. Love Charles A. Lumpkin Ryan W. Maca Steven A. Macias Robert M. Mackenzie Issac D. Mahar Sawyer M. Mann Marc A. Mares Christopher H. Martin Scott A. McBride Kennith W. McCain Christopher J. McCann Scott J. McCann Jayna G. McCarron Adam J. McCarthy Scott H. McGrew Patrick M. McMahon Anna C. McNeil Steven T. Melvin Hermie P. Mendoza Megan K. Mervar Julian M. Middleton Jeffrey S. Milgate Michael S. Miller Frank P. Minopoli Caitlin H. Mitchell-Wurster Nathan P. Morello Karl H. Mueller Ian J. Mulcahy Adam L. Mullins John E. Mundale Andrew J. Murphy Joshua C. Murphy Elizabeth G. Nakagawa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.144 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7100 December 9, 2016 
Nikea L. Natteal Andrew J. Nebl Jason A. Neiman David T. Newcomb Huy D. Nguyen Bret D. Nichols Christopher M. Nichols Eric D. Nielsen Richard D. Nines Jeffrey T. Noyes Robert P. Odonnell Grace E. Oh Teresa Z. Ohley Phillip N. Ortega Jacob T. Paarlberg Jarrett S. Parker Christopher J. Pelar Neil R. Penso Kurt W. Pfeffer Andrew D. Phipps Jeyar L. Pierce David A. Pipkorn Joseph P. Plunkett Robert S. Poitinger John P. Poley Joseph P. Prado Andrew D. Pritchett Fredrick D. Pugh Christopher S. Pulliam Eric A. Quigley Alejandro M. Quintero Thomas J. Rader Ryan R. Ramos Peter J. Raneri Jonathan T. Rebuck Frank M. Reed III Howard B. Reiney, Jr. Sheral A. Richardson Byron Rios Callan D. Robbins Jason W. Roberts Michelle I. Rosenberg Michael C. Ross Mallorie G. Schell James J. Schock Daniel A. Schrader Derek L. Schramel John Sgarlata, Jr. Matthew A. Shaffer Saladin Shelton Paul C. Simpson James D. Slapak Randall J. Slusher Norma L. Smihal Colleen M. Smith Joseph L. Smith Josh L. Smith Katie E. Smith Lauren E. Smoak Brett L. Sprenger Kevin L. St. Cin Paul W. Stepler Rachel P. Strubel George R. Suchanek John P. Suckow Kathleen M. Sullivan Amy K. Sung Matthew M. Swanner David C. Thompson Damon Thornton Jessica S. Thornton John D. Tomlin Melvin A. Torres Christopher N. Toussaint Cynthia S. Travers Michael R. Turanitza Eduardo M. Valdez Matthew J. Vanginkel Fausto E. Veras Michael M. Vickers Michael A. Viles Steven M. Volk John M. Walsh Todd A. Weimorts Steven D. Welch Bruce D. Wells Mason C.E. Wilcox Derek D. Wilson Paul A. Windt Nicholas A. Woessner Francis E.S. Wolfe Jonathan M. Wolstenholme Robert T. Wright Victor M. Yaguchi Miles K. Young Matthew W. Zinn The following named officers for appoint-ment to the grade indicated in the United States Coast Guard under title 14, U.S.C. sec-tion 71: To be commander Jennifer L. Adams Marc H. Akus David J. Aldous Nathan W. Allen Ryan J. Allen Shameen E. Anthaniowilliams Mellissa J. Arles Christopher M. Armstrong Charles L. Banks, Jr. Ann M. Bassolino Kevin M. Beck Andrew J. Behnke Robert J. Berry II Fred S. Bertsch IV Vanessa Blackmore William K. Blair John D. Block Peter F. Bosma Ruben E. Boudreaux Kevin C. Boyd, Jr. Valerie A. Boyd Jason P. Brand William C. Brent, Jr. Chad R. Brick Shane D. Bridges Kevin A. Broyles Bryan J. Burkhalter Eric A. Cain Joseph G. Callaghan Ian L. Callander Brian R. Carroll Paul R. Casey Eric M. Casper Jacob L. Cass Michael P.C. Chien Michael N. Cost Justin K. Covert Melba J. Crisp Charlene R.T. Criss Mark W. Crysler Christopher J. Davis Karen Denny Matthew C. Derrenbacher Michael S. Dipace Jason D. Dolbeck Matthew D. Dooris Christopher Douglas Keith M. Doxey Kevin F. Duffy Jason R. Dunn Samuel Z. Edwards Jamie M. Embry Todd L. Emerson Daniel J. Everett Peter M. Evonuk Brian M. Farmer Jeffrey P. Ferlauto Frank J. Florio III James T. Fogle George O. Fulenwider III Patrick J. Gallagher William J. George Robert H. Gomez Dennis D. Good Evangeline R. Gormley John A. Goshorn Andrew P. Grant Brooke E. Grant Derrick S. Greer Steven M. Griffin William M. Grossman Jay W. Guyer Gregory M. Haas Jeremy M. Hall Byron H. Hayes Dorothy J. Hernaez Robert P. Hill Jennifer L. Hnatow Jacob A. Hobson Morgan T. Holden Dean E. Horton Donald K. Isom Max M. Jenny Khristopher D. Johns Christopher L. Jones Karen S. Jones Matthew N. Jones Kevin A. Keenan Scott R. Kirkland Aji L. Kirksey David J. Kowalczyk, Jr. Donald R. Kuhl Shawn A. Lansing Mark L. Lay Kristina L. Lewis Paul J. Mangini Elizabeth L. Massimi Ryan P. Matson Eric J. Matthies Harold L. McCarter Blake A. McKinney William A. McKinstry James M. McLay James D. McManus Brad M. McNally Joseph W. McPherson III John M.P. McTamney IV Ronald R. Millspaugh Marc J. Montemerlo Jason W. Morgan Ryan T. Murphy Michael A. Nalli Mark R. Neeland Justin W. Noggle Martin L. Nossett IV Anne E. O’Connell James M. Omara IV Roger E. Omenhiser, Jr. Brendan P. Oshea Joseph B. Parker Stacia F. Parrott Christopher M. Pasciuto Chester A. Passic Andrew L. Pate Mark B. Patton Jeffrey L. Payne James H. Pershing Barton L Philpott Jeffrey J. Pile Elizabeth T. Platt Kenneth B. Poole II Jorge Porto Mark B. Pototschnik Leah M. Preston Amanda M. Ramassini Libby J. Rasmussen Jeffrey J. Rasnake Lisa M. Rice Matthew Rooney Michael B. Russell Jan A. Rybka Paul Salerno Evelynn B. Samms Rachelle N. Samuel Kevin B. Saunders Benjamin J. Schluckebier Timothy L. Schmitz Deon J. Scott Kirk C. Shadrick Brook W. Sherman Jason S. Smith Laura J. Smolinski Joan Snaith Gabriel J. Somma Robert E. Stiles Jessica R. Styron Robert D. Taylor James K. Terrell Emily L. Tharp Alfred J. Thompson Lawrence W. Tinstman David A. Torres 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.075 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7101 December 9, 2016 
Devin L. Townsend Christopher A. Treib Jared S. Trusz Michael A. Venturella Matthew J. Walker William R. Walker Sara A. Wallace Tamara S. Wallen Amber S. Ward Rodney P. Wert Stephen E. West Christopher A. White Brian R. Willson William B. Winburn Tracy L. Wirth Christopher L. Wright Brent C. Yezefski Peter J. Zauner The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Coast Guard Re-serve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be captain Daryl P. Schaffer Lisa H. Schulz The following named officers of the Coast Guard Permanent Commission Teaching Staff for appointment in the United States Coast Guard to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., sections 189 and 276: To be captain David C. Clippinger Michael J. Corl Gregory J. Hall Russell E. Bowman To be commander Joseph T. Benin To be lieutenant commander Matthew B. Williams The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Coast Guard Re-serve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203(A): To be captain Mark E. Ames Michael G. Barton Leon D. Dame Tiffany G. Danko Stacie L. Fain Daniel J. Fitzgerald Joanna K. Hiigel Jason A. Lehto Richard E. Neim Jr. Colleen M. Pak George W. Petras Michael A. Spolidoro Matthew D. Wadleigh The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Coast Guard to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C. sec-tion 271(E): To be captain John F. Barresi Amy M. Beach Benjamin D. Berg John M. Branch Paul Brooks Bruce C. Brown Suzanne M. Brown Marie Byrd Flip P. Capistrano Jay Caputo Clinton S. Carlson Kevin M. Carroll Travis L. Carter John D. Cole Timothy J. Connors Eric M. Cooper John P. Debok Eric D. Denley Angelic D. Donovan Maryellen J. Durley William G. Dwyer Matthew Edwards Michael J. Ennis Brian D. Falk Rosemary P. Firestine Arthur H. Gomez Amy B. Grable Holly R. Harrison Mark E. Hiigel Patrick M. Hilbert Todd M. Howard Richard E. Howes Michael A. Hudson Mark A. Jackson Scott L. Johnson Eric P. King Shawn S. Koch Sherman M. Lacey William A. Lewin Ralph R. Little Vivianne Louie Michael C. Macmillan James D. Marquez Craig J. Massello Joseph T. Mcgilley Adam B. Morrison Prince A. Neal Timothy M. Newton Jeffrey W. Novak Louie C. Parks, Jr. Jose A. Pena Michael R. Roschel Gregory C. Rothrock James B. Rush Jason H. Ryan Michael Schoonover, Jr. Mark J. Shepard Jason E. Smith Sampson C. Stevens Scott A. Stoermer Jeffrey S. Swanson Roxanne Tamez Gregory L. Thomas Richter L. Tipton Roberto H. Torres Karrie C. Trebbe Jacqueline M. Twomey Mark B. Walsh The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Coast Guard to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., section 271(e): To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Melvin W. Bouboulis Capt. Donna L. Cottrell Capt. Michael J. Johnston Capt. Eric C. Jones Capt. Michael P. Ryan f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar No. 658; that the nomination be confirmed; that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nomination considered and con-firmed is as follows: 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) William J. Galinis Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 7, 591, 653, 699, 773, 739, 740, 741, and 772; that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session without any inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate on the nomina-tions? If not, the question is, Will the Sen-ate advise and consent to the nomina-tions en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc as follows: 
IN THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  Adri Davin Jayaratne, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor. 
IN THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE  
CORPORATION  Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  Andrew Mayock, of Illinois, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Manage-ment and Budget. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  Peggy E. Gustafson, of Maryland, to be In-spector General, Department of Commerce. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  Ann Begeman, of South Dakota, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2020. 
STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  John D. Minton, Jr., of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2019. (Reappointment) 
POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  Mark D. Acton, of Kentucky, to be a Com-missioner of the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion for a term expiring October 14, 2022. (Re-appointment) Robert G. Taub, of New York, to be a Com-missioner of the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion for a term expiring October 14, 2022. (Re-appointment) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir, of Connecticut, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Malaysia. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.076 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7102 December 9, 2016 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REPORTING AUTHORITY Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the Senate’s adjournment, committees be authorized to report legislative and executive matters on Tuesday, December 20, from 9:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR PRINTING OF SENATE DOCUMENTS Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be print-ed as a Senate document a compilation of materials from the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD in tribute to retiring Members of the 114th Congress, and an addi-tional Senate document a compilation of materials from the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD in tribute to the President of the Senate, J
OEBIDEN, and that Mem-bers have until Tuesday, December 20, to submit such tributes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the ma-jority leader, pursuant to the provi-sions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, and in consulta-tion with the chairmen of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Finance, the re-appointment of the following indi-vidual to serve as a member of the United States-China Economic Secu-rity Review Commission: Dennis Shea of Virginia, for a term beginning Janu-ary 1, 2017 and expiring December 31, 2018. The Chair announces, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 114–125, upon the rec-ommendation of the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Finance and the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, the ap-pointment of the following individuals to serve as members of the Advisory Committee on International Exchange Rate Policy: Mark A. Calabria of Vir-ginia, John Cochrane of California, and Thea Lee of the District of Columbia. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE CERTAIN CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLL-MENT OF S. 2943 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 179, which is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 179) directing the Secretary of the Senate to make certain corrections in the enrollment of S. 2943. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 179) was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING ARSENAL INSTALLA-TION REUTILIZATION AUTHOR-ITY Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the committee on Armed Services be discharged from further consideration of S. 3336 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3336) to provide arsenal installa-tion reutilization authority. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Ernst amendment No. 5128 be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, that the title amendment No. 5129 be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5128) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 1, strike lines 3 and 4 and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. INSTALLATION REUTILIZATION AU-THORITY FOR ARSENALS, DEPOTS, AND PLANTS. 
On page 1, line 6, strike ‘‘arsenal, the Sec-retary concerned’’ and insert ‘‘arsenal, depot, or plant, the Secretary of the Army’’. On page 2, line 4, insert ‘‘, depot, or plant’’ after ‘‘arsenal’’. On page 2, line 8, insert ‘‘, depot, or plant’’ after ‘‘arsenal’’. On page 2, line 12, insert ‘‘, depot, or plant’’ after ‘‘arsenal’’. On page 2, line 17, strike ‘‘Secretary con-cerned’’ and insert ‘‘Secretary of the Army’’. On page 2, line 21, insert ‘‘, depot, or plant’’ after ‘‘arsenal’’. On page 4, line 3, insert ‘‘, D
EPOT , OR P
LANT ’’ after ‘‘A RSENAL ’’. On page 4, line 5, insert ‘‘, depot, or plant’’ after ‘‘arsenal’’. On page 4, line 6, strike ‘‘Department of the Defense’’ and insert ‘‘Army’’. 
The bill (S. 3336), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 3336 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. INSTALLATION REUTILIZATION AU-THORITY FOR ARSENALS, DEPOTS, AND PLANTS. 
(a) M ODIFIED AUTHORITY .—In the case of a military manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant, the Secretary of the Army may au-thorize leases and contracts under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, for a term of up to 25 years, notwithstanding sub-section (b)(1) of such section, if the Sec-retary determines that a lease or contract of that duration will promote the national de-fense or be in the public interest for the pur-pose of— (1) helping to maintain the viability of the military manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant and any military installations on which it is located; (2) eliminating, or at least reducing, the cost of Government ownership of the mili-tary manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant, including the costs of operations and mainte-nance, the costs of environmental remedi-ation, and other costs; and (3) leveraging private investment at the military manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant through long-term facility use con-tracts, property management contracts, leases, or other agreements that support and advance the preceding purposes. (b) D
ELEGATION AND REVIEW PROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army may delegate the authority provided by this section to the commander of the major subordinate command of the Army that has responsibility for the military man-ufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant or, if part of a larger military installation, the instal-lation as a whole. The commander may ap-prove a lease or contract under such author-ity on a case-by-case basis or a class basis. (2) R
EVIEW PERIOD .—Any lease or contract that is approved utilizing the delegation au-thority under paragraph (1) is subject to a 90- day hold period so that the Army real prop-erty manager may review the lease or con-tract pursuant to paragraph (3). (3) D
ISPOSITION OF REVIEW .—If the Army real property manager disapproves of a con-tract or lease submitted for review under paragraph (2), the agreement shall be null and void upon transmittal by the real prop-erty manager to the delegating authority of a written disapproval, including a justifica-tion for such disapproval, within the 90-day hold period. If no such disapproval is trans-mitted within the 90-day hold period, the agreement shall be deemed approved. (4) A
PPROVAL OF REVISED AGREEMENT .—If, not later than 60 days after receiving a dis-approval under paragraph (3), the delegating authority submits to the Army real property manager a new contract or lease that ad-dresses the Army real property manager’s concerns outlined in such disapproval, the new contract or lease shall be deemed ap-proved unless the Army real property man-ager transmits to the delegating authority a disapproval of the new contract or lease within 30 days of such submission. (c) M
ILITARY MANUFACTURING ARSENAL , D
EPOT , ORPLANT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant’’ means a Government-owned, Government-operated defense plant of the Army that manufactures weapons, weapon components, or both. (d) S
UNSET .—The authority under this sec-tion shall terminate at the close of Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.124 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7103 December 9, 2016 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to provide installation reutilization authority for arsenals, depots, and plants.’’. f 
AUTHORIZING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY TO INCLUDE ALL FUNDS WHEN ISSUING CER-TAIN GEOGRAPHIC TARGETING ORDERS Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 5602 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5602) to amend title 31, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to include all funds when issuing certain geographic targeting orders, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Shelby- Brown substitute amendment No. 5127 be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5127) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of December 5, 2016, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the meas-ure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 5602), as amended, was passed. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE CALENDAR Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 675 through 683. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bills be considered read a third time and passed, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SPECIAL WARFARE OPERATOR MASTER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER (SEAL) LOUIS ‘‘LOU’’ J. LANGLAIS POST OFFICE BUILD-ING The bill (H.R. 3218) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
RICHARD ALLEN CABLE POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 4887) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LEONARD MONTALTO POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 5150) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ARMY FIRST LIEUTENANT DON-ALD C. CARWILE POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 5309) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Of-fice Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
E. MARIE YOUNGBLOOD POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 5356) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ZAPATA VETERANS POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 5591) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Vet-erans Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
OFFICER JOSEPH P. CALI POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 5676) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. f 
ABNER J. MIKVA POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 5798) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SEGUNDO T. SABLAN AND CNMI FALLEN MILITARY HEROES POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 5889) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND GOV-ERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY NUCLEAR ENERGY ACT Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 704, S. 8. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 8) to provide for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Nor-way Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear En-ergy. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 8) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 8 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPROVAL OF AGREEMENT FOR CO-OPERATION BETWEEN THE GOVERN-MENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY CON-CERNING PEACEFUL USES OF NU-CLEAR ENERGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the pro-visions for congressional consideration of a proposed agreement for cooperation in sub-section d. of section 123 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2153), the Agree-ment for Cooperation Between the Govern-ment of the United States of America and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.088 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7104 December 9, 2016 
the Government of the Kingdom of Norway Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, done at Washington June 11, 2016, may be brought into effect on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, as if all the re-quirements in such section for consideration of such agreement had been satisfied, subject to subsection (b). (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF ATOMIC ENERGY ACT 
OF1954 AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW.— Upon entering into effect, the agreement re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be subject to the provisions of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) and any other ap-plicable United States law as if such agree-ment had come into effect in accordance with the requirements of section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2153). f 
RESPONSE ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the message from the House to accom-pany S. 546. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 546) entitled ‘‘An Act to establish the Rail-road Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency’s Na-tional Advisory Council to provide rec-ommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with an amend-ment. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment; and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table without intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PREVENTING ANIMAL CRUELTY AND TORTURE ACT Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 1831 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1831) to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Toomey substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5169) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture Act’’ or the ‘‘PACT Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REVISION OF SECTION 48. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 48 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 48. Animal crushing ‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— ‘‘(1) C
RUSHING .—It shall be unlawful for any person to purposely engage in animal crushing in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce or within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(2) C
REATION OF ANIMAL CRUSH VIDEOS .—It shall be unlawful for any person to know-ingly create an animal crush video, if— ‘‘(A) the person intends or has reason to know that the animal crush video will be dis-tributed in, or using a means or facility of, interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(B) the animal crush video is distributed in, or using a means or facility of, interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ANIMAL CRUSH VID -
EOS.—It shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly sell, market, advertise, exchange, or distribute an animal crush video in, or using a means or facility of, interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(b) E
XTRATERRITORIAL APPLICATION .—This section applies to the knowing sale, mar-keting, advertising, exchange, distribution, or creation of an animal crush video outside of the United States, if— ‘‘(1) the person engaging in such conduct intends or has reason to know that the ani-mal crush video will be transported into the United States or its territories or posses-sions; or ‘‘(2) the animal crush video is transported into the United States or its territories or possessions. ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—Whoever violates this section shall be fined under this title, im-prisoned for not more than 7 years, or both. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—This section does not apply with regard to any conduct, or a visual depiction of that conduct, that is— ‘‘(A) a customary and normal veterinary, agricultural husbandry, or other animal management practice; ‘‘(B) the slaughter of animals for food; ‘‘(C) hunting, trapping, fishing, a sporting activity not otherwise prohibited by Federal law, predator control, or pest control; ‘‘(D) medical or scientific research; ‘‘(E) necessary to protect the life or prop-erty of a person; or ‘‘(F) performed as part of euthanizing an animal. ‘‘(2) G
OOD-FAITH DISTRIBUTION .—This sec- tion does not apply to the good-faith dis-tribution of an animal crush video to— ‘‘(A) a law enforcement agency; or ‘‘(B) a third party for the sole purpose of analysis to determine if referral to a law en-forcement agency is appropriate. ‘‘(3) U
NINTENTIONAL CONDUCT .—This section does not apply to unintentional conduct that injures or kills an animal. ‘‘(4) C
ONSISTENCY WITH RFRA .—This section shall be enforced in a manner that is con-sistent with section 3 of the Religious Free-dom Restoration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 2000bb–1). ‘‘(e) N
OPREEMPTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to preempt the law of any State or local subdivision thereof to pro-tect animals. ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘animal crushing’ means ac-tual conduct in which one or more living non-human mammals, birds, reptiles, or am-phibians is purposely crushed, burned, drowned, suffocated, impaled, or otherwise subjected to serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365 and including conduct that, if committed against a person and in the spe-cial maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, would violate section 2241 or 2242); ‘‘(2) the term ‘animal crush video’ means any photograph, motion-picture film, video or digital recording, or electronic image that— ‘‘(A) depicts animal crushing; and ‘‘(B) is obscene; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘euthanizing an animal’ means the humane destruction of an animal accomplished by a method that— ‘‘(A) produces rapid unconsciousness and subsequent death without evidence of pain or distress; or ‘‘(B) uses anesthesia produced by an agent that causes painless loss of consciousness and subsequent death.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 3 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 48 and inserting the following: ‘‘48. Animal crushing.’’. 
The bill (S. 1831), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING CENTERS REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING CENTERS REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3842 and S. 2781 and the Senate proceed to their immediate consideration en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bills by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3842) to improve homeland se-curity, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to pro-vide training to first responders, and for other purposes. A bill (S. 2781) to improve homeland secu-rity, including domestic preparedness and re-sponse to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to pro-vide training to first responders, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Perdue amendments be agreed to, and the bills, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments (Nos. 5171 and 5170) were agreed to, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.089 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7105 December 9, 2016 
AMENDMENT NO . 5171 (Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 3, line 19, insert ‘‘delegated’’ after ‘‘carry out’’. On page 4, strike lines 5 through 12 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) maximizes opportunities for small business participation; On page 11, beginning on line 25, strike ‘‘and to compensate such employees for time spent traveling from their homes to work sites’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5170 (Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 3, line 15, insert ‘‘delegated’’ after ‘‘carry out’’. On page 4, strike lines 1 through 8 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) maximizes opportunities for small business participation; On page 11, beginning on line 20, strike ‘‘and to compensate such employees for time spent traveling from their homes to work sites’’. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the meas-ures. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bills having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bills pass en bloc? The bill (H.R. 3842), as amended, was passed. The bill (S. 2781), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 2781 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING CENTERS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Section 884 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 464) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 884. FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAIN-ING CENTERS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall maintain in the Department the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers (referred to in this section as ‘FLETC’), headed by a Direc-tor, who shall report to the Secretary. ‘‘(b) P
OSITION .—The Director shall occupy a career-reserved position within the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS OF THE DIRECTOR .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(1) develop training goals and establish strategic and tactical organizational pro-gram plans and priorities; ‘‘(2) provide direction and management for FLETC’s training facilities, programs, and support activities while ensuring that orga-nizational program goals and priorities are executed in an effective and efficient man-ner; ‘‘(3) develop homeland security and law en-forcement training curricula, including cur-ricula related to domestic preparedness and response to threats or acts of terrorism, for Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and international law enforcement and security agencies and private sector security agen-cies; ‘‘(4) monitor progress toward strategic and tactical FLETC plans regarding training cur-ricula, including curricula related to domes-tic preparedness and response to threats or acts of terrorism, and facilities; ‘‘(5) ensure the timely dissemination of homeland security information as necessary to Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and international law enforcement and secu-rity agencies and the private sector to achieve the training goals for such entities, in accordance with paragraph (1); ‘‘(6) carry out delegated acquisition re-sponsibilities in a manner that— ‘‘(A) fully complies with— ‘‘(i) Federal law; ‘‘(ii) the Federal Acquisition Regulation, including requirements regarding agency ob-ligations to contract only with responsible prospective contractors; and ‘‘(iii) Department acquisition management directives; and ‘‘(B) maximizes opportunities for small business participation; ‘‘(7) coordinate and share information with the heads of relevant components and offices on digital learning and training resources, as appropriate; ‘‘(8) advise the Secretary on matters relat-ing to executive level policy and program ad-ministration of Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and international law enforce-ment and security training activities and private sector security agency training ac-tivities, including training activities related to domestic preparedness and response to threats or acts of terrorism; ‘‘(9) collaborate with the Secretary and rel-evant officials at other Federal departments and agencies, as appropriate, to improve international instructional development, training, and technical assistance provided by the Federal Government to foreign law enforcement; and ‘‘(10) carry out such other functions as the Secretary determines are appropriate. ‘‘(d) TRAINING RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director is author-ized to provide training to employees of Fed-eral agencies who are engaged, directly or in-directly, in homeland security operations or Federal law enforcement activities, includ-ing such operations or activities related to domestic preparedness and response to threats or acts of terrorism. In carrying out such training, the Director shall— ‘‘(A) evaluate best practices of law enforce-ment training methods and curriculum con-tent to maintain state-of-the-art expertise in adult learning methodology; ‘‘(B) provide expertise and technical assist-ance, including on domestic preparedness and response to threats or acts of terrorism, to Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and international law enforcement and secu-rity agencies and private sector security agencies; and ‘‘(C) maintain a performance evaluation process for students. ‘‘(2) R
ELATIONSHIP WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT  
AGENCIES .—The Director shall consult with relevant law enforcement and security agen-cies in the development and delivery of FLETC’s training programs. ‘‘(3) T
RAINING DELIVERY LOCATIONS .—The training required under paragraph (1) may be conducted at FLETC facilities, at appro-priate off-site locations, or by distributed learning. ‘‘(4) S
TRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may— ‘‘(i) execute strategic partnerships with State and local law enforcement to provide such law enforcement with specific training, including maritime law enforcement train-ing; and ‘‘(ii) coordinate with the Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastruc-ture protection, cybersecurity, and other re-lated programs of the Department and with private sector stakeholders, including crit-ical infrastructure owners and operators, to provide training pertinent to improving co-ordination, security, and resiliency of crit-ical infrastructure. ‘‘(B) PROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Di- rector shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, upon request, information on ac-tivities undertaken in the previous year pur-suant to subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) FLETC 
DETAILS TO DHS .—The Director may detail employees of FLETC to positions throughout the Department in furtherance of improving the effectiveness and quality of training provided by the Department and, as appropriate, the development of critical de-partmental programs and initiatives. ‘‘(6) D
ETAIL OF INSTRUCTORS TO FLETC .— Partner organizations that wish to partici-pate in FLETC training programs shall as-sign nonreimbursable detailed instructors to FLETC for designated time periods to sup-port all training programs at FLETC, as ap-propriate. The Director shall determine the number of detailed instructors that is pro-portional to the number of training hours re-quested by each partner organization sched-uled by FLETC for each fiscal year. If a part-ner organization is unable to provide a pro-portional number of detailed instructors, such partner organization shall reimburse FLETC for the salary equivalent for such de-tailed instructors, as appropriate. ‘‘(7) P
ARTNER ORGANIZATION EXPENSES RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Partner organizations shall be responsible for the following ex-penses: ‘‘(i) Salaries, travel expenses, lodging ex-penses, and miscellaneous per diem allow-ances of their personnel attending training courses at FLETC. ‘‘(ii) Salaries and travel expenses of in-structors and support personnel involved in conducting advanced training at FLETC for partner organization personnel and the cost of expendable supplies and special equipment for such training, unless such supplies and equipment are common to FLETC-conducted training and have been included in FLETC’s budget for the applicable fiscal year. ‘‘(B) E
XCESS BASIC AND ADVANCED FEDERAL  
TRAINING .—All hours of advanced training and hours of basic training provided in ex-cess of the training for which appropriations were made available shall be paid by the partner organizations and provided to FLETC on a reimbursable basis in accord-ance with section 4104 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(8) P
ROVISION OF NON -FEDERAL TRAINING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director is author-ized to charge and retain fees that would pay for its actual costs of the training for the following: ‘‘(i) State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement personnel. ‘‘(ii) Foreign law enforcement officials, in-cluding provision of such training at the International Law Enforcement Academies wherever established. ‘‘(iii) Private sector security officers, par-ticipants in the Federal Flight Deck Officer program under section 44921 of title 49, United States Code, and other appropriate private sector individuals. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Director may waive the requirement for reimbursement of any cost under this section and shall maintain records regarding the reasons for any re-quirements so waived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.091 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7106 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(9) R EIMBURSEMENT .—The Director is au-thorized to reimburse travel or other ex-penses for non-Federal personnel who attend activities related to training sponsored by FLETC, at travel and per diem rates estab-lished by the General Services Administra-tion. ‘‘(10) S
TUDENT SUPPORT .—In furtherance of its training mission, the Director is author-ized to provide the following support to stu-dents: ‘‘(A) Athletic and related activities. ‘‘(B) Short-term medical services. ‘‘(C) Chaplain services. ‘‘(11) A
UTHORITY TO HIRE FEDERAL ANNU -
ITANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director is au-thorized to appoint and maintain, as nec-essary, Federal annuitants who have expert knowledge and experience to meet the train-ing responsibilities under this subsection. ‘‘(B) N
O REDUCTION IN RETIREMENT PAY .—A Federal annuitant employed pursuant to this paragraph shall not be subject to any reduc-tion in pay for annuity allocable to the pe-riod of actual employment under the provi-sions of section 8344 or 8468 of title 5, United States Code, or similar provisions of any other retirement system for employees. ‘‘(C) R
E-EMPLOYED ANNUITANTS .—A Federal annuitant employed pursuant to this para-graph shall not be considered an employee for purposes of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, or such other retirement system (referred to in subparagraph (B)) as may apply. ‘‘(D) C
OUNTING .—Federal annuitants shall be counted on a full-time equivalent basis. ‘‘(E) L
IMITATION .—No appointment under this paragraph may be made which would re-sult in the displacement of any employee. ‘‘(12) T
RAVEL FOR INTERMITTENT EMPLOY -
EES.—The Director is authorized to reim-burse intermittent Federal employees trav-eling from outside a commuting distance (to be predetermined by the Director) for travel expenses. ‘‘(e) O
N-FLETC H OUSING .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, individ-uals attending training at any FLETC facil-ity shall, to the extent practicable and in ac-cordance with FLETC policy, reside in on- FLETC or FLETC-provided housing. ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL FISCAL AUTHORITIES .—In order to further the goals and objectives of FLETC, the Director is authorized to— ‘‘(1) expend funds for public awareness and to enhance community support of law en-forcement training, including the advertise-ment of available law enforcement training programs; ‘‘(2) accept and use gifts of property, both real and personal, and to accept gifts of serv-ices, for purposes that promote the functions of the Director pursuant to subsection (c) and the training responsibilities of the Di-rector under subsection (d); ‘‘(3) accept reimbursement from other Fed-eral agencies for the construction or renova-tion of training and support facilities and the use of equipment and technology on gov-ernment-owned property; ‘‘(4) obligate funds in anticipation of reim-bursements from agencies receiving training at FLETC, except that total obligations at the end of a fiscal year may not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of such fiscal year; ‘‘(5) in accordance with the purchasing au-thority provided under section 505 of the De-partment of Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–90; 6 U.S.C. 453a)— ‘‘(A) purchase employee and student uni-forms; and ‘‘(B) purchase and lease passenger motor vehicles, including vehicles for police-type use; ‘‘(6) provide room and board for student in-terns; and ‘‘(7) expend funds each fiscal year to honor and memorialize FLETC graduates who have died in the line of duty. ‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) B
ASIC TRAINING .—The term ‘basic training’ means the entry-level training re-quired to instill in new Federal law enforce-ment personnel fundamental knowledge of criminal laws, law enforcement and inves-tigative techniques, laws and rules of evi-dence, rules of criminal procedure, constitu-tional rights, search and seizure, and related issues. ‘‘(2) D
ETAILED INSTRUCTORS .—The term ‘de-tailed instructors’ means personnel who are assigned to the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for a period of time to serve as instructors for the purpose of con-ducting basic and advanced training. ‘‘(3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTED LEARNING .—The term ‘dis-tributed learning’ means education in which students take academic courses by accessing information and communicating with the in-structor, from various locations, on an indi-vidual basis, over a computer network or via other technologies. ‘‘(5) E
MPLOYEE .—The term ‘employee’ has the meaning given such term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(6) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘Federal agency’ means— ‘‘(A) an Executive Department as defined in section 101 of title 5, United States Code; ‘‘(B) an independent establishment as de-fined in section 104 of title 5, United States Code; ‘‘(C) a Government corporation as defined in section 9101 of title 31, United States Code; ‘‘(D) the Government Printing Office; ‘‘(E) the United States Capitol Police; ‘‘(F) the United States Supreme Court Po-lice; and ‘‘(G) Government agencies with law en-forcement related duties. ‘‘(7) L
AW ENFORCEMENT PERSONNEL .—The term ‘law enforcement personnel’ means an individual, including criminal investigators (commonly known as ‘agents’) and uni-formed police (commonly known as ‘offi-cers’), who has statutory authority to search, seize, make arrests, or to carry fire-arms. ‘‘(8) L
OCAL .—The term ‘local’ means— ‘‘(A) of or pertaining to any county, parish, municipality, city, town, township, rural community, unincorporated town or village, local public authority, educational institu-tion, special district, intrastate district, council of governments (regardless of wheth-er the council of governments is incor-porated as a nonprofit corporation under State law), regional or interstate govern-ment entity, any agency or instrumentality of a local government, or any other political subdivision of a State; and ‘‘(B) an Indian tribe or authorized tribal organization, or in Alaska a Native village or Alaska Regional Native Corporation. ‘‘(9) P
ARTNER ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘partner organization’ means any Federal agency participating in FLETC’s training programs under a formal memorandum of understanding. ‘‘(10) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any possession of the United States. ‘‘(11) STUDENT INTERN .—The term ‘student intern’ means any eligible baccalaureate or graduate degree student participating in FLETC’s College Intern Program. ‘‘(h) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWFUNDING .—No funds are authorized to carry out this sec-tion. This section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise appropriated or made available for such purpose.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by amending the item relating to section 884 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 884. Federal Law Enforcement Train-ing Centers.’’. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GAO MANDATES REVISION ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 639, H.R. 5687. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5687) to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Ac-countability Office. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5687) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MARINE DEBRIS ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 691, S. 3086. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3086) to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote inter-national action to reduce marine debris and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Marine Debris Act Amendments of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. NOAA MARINE DEBRIS PROGRAM. 
Subsection (b) of section 3 of the Marine De-bris Act (33 U.S.C. 1952(b)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.092 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7107 December 9, 2016 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) work with other Federal agencies to de-velop outreach and education strategies to ad-dress both land- and sea-based sources of ma-rine debris; and ‘‘(7) work with the Department of State and other Federal agencies to promote international action to reduce the incidence of marine de-bris.’’. 
SEC. 3. INCLUSION OF DEPARTMENT OF STATE ON THE INTERAGENCY MARINE DE-BRIS COORDINATING COMMITTEE. 
Section 5(b) of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1954(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) the Department of State; and’’. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 9 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1958) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year 2017 through 2021— ‘‘(1) to the Administrator for carrying out sec-tions 3, 5, and 6, $10,000,000, of which no more than 10 percent may be for administrative costs; and ‘‘(2) to the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, for the use of the Commandant of the Coast Guard in car-rying out section 4, $2,000,000, of which no more than 10 percent may be used for administrative costs.’’. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sullivan amendment at the desk be agreed to, the committee-reported substitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5172) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To authorize the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration to assist with cleanup and re-sponse required by severe marine debris events) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3. ASSISTANCE FOR SEVERE MARINE DE-BRIS EVENTS. 
Section 3 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1952) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
SSISTANCE FOR SEVERE MARINE DE-
BRIS EVENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—At the discretion of the Administrator or at the request of the Gov-ernor of an affected State, the Administrator shall determine whether there is a severe marine debris event. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE .—If the Administrator makes a determination under paragraph (1) that there is a severe marine debris event, the Administrator is authorized to make sums available to be used by the affected State or by the Administrator in cooperation with the affected State— ‘‘(A) to assist in the cleanup and response required by the severe marine debris event; or ‘‘(B) such other activity as the Adminis-trator determines is appropriate in response to the severe marine debris event. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out under the authority of this subsection shall not ex-ceed 75 percent of the cost of that activity.’’. SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTERNATIONAL ENGAGEMENT TO RESPOND TO MA-RINE DEBRIS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent should— (1) work with representatives of foreign countries that produce the largest amounts of unmanaged municipal solid waste that reaches the ocean to learn about, and find solutions to, the contributions of such coun-tries to marine debris in the world’s oceans; (2) carry out studies to determine— (A) the primary means by which solid waste enters the oceans; (B) the manner in which waste manage-ment infrastructure can be most effective in preventing debris from reaching the oceans; (C) the long-term economic impacts of ma-rine debris on the national economies of each country set out in paragraph (1) and on the global economy; and (D) the economic benefits of decreasing the amount of marine debris in the oceans; (3) work with representatives of foreign countries that produce the largest amounts of unmanaged municipal solid waste that reaches the ocean to conclude one or more new international agreements— (A) to mitigate the risk of land-based ma-rine debris contributed by such countries reaching an ocean; and (B) to increase technical assistance and in-vestment in waste management infrastruc-ture, if the President determines appro-priate; and (4) consider the benefits and appropriate-ness of having a senior official of the Depart-ment of State serve as a permanent member of the Interagency Marine Debris Coordi-nating Committee established under section 5 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1954). 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill (S. 3086), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3086 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Marine De-bris Act Amendments of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. NOAA MARINE DEBRIS PROGRAM. 
Subsection (b) of section 3 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1952(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) work with other Federal agencies to develop outreach and education strategies to address both land- and sea-based sources of marine debris; and ‘‘(7) work with the Department of State and other Federal agencies to promote inter-national action to reduce the incidence of marine debris.’’. 
SEC. 3. ASSISTANCE FOR SEVERE MARINE DE-BRIS EVENTS. 
Section 3 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1952) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
SSISTANCE FOR SEVERE MARINE DE-
BRIS EVENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—At the discretion of the Administrator or at the request of the Gov-ernor of an affected State, the Administrator shall determine whether there is a severe marine debris event. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE .—If the Administrator makes a determination under paragraph (1) that there is a severe marine debris event, the Administrator is authorized to make sums available to be used by the affected State or by the Administrator in cooperation with the affected State— ‘‘(A) to assist in the cleanup and response required by the severe marine debris event; or ‘‘(B) such other activity as the Adminis-trator determines is appropriate in response to the severe marine debris event. ‘‘(3) FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out under the authority of this subsection shall not ex-ceed 75 percent of the cost of that activity.’’. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTERNATIONAL ENGAGEMENT TO RESPOND TO MA-RINE DEBRIS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent should— (1) work with representatives of foreign countries that produce the largest amounts of unmanaged municipal solid waste that reaches the ocean to learn about, and find solutions to, the contributions of such coun-tries to marine debris in the world’s oceans; (2) carry out studies to determine— (A) the primary means by which solid waste enters the oceans; (B) the manner in which waste manage-ment infrastructure can be most effective in preventing debris from reaching the oceans; (C) the long-term economic impacts of ma-rine debris on the national economies of each country set out in paragraph (1) and on the global economy; and (D) the economic benefits of decreasing the amount of marine debris in the oceans; (3) work with representatives of foreign countries that produce the largest amounts of unmanaged municipal solid waste that reaches the ocean to conclude one or more new international agreements— (A) to mitigate the risk of land-based ma-rine debris contributed by such countries reaching an ocean; and (B) to increase technical assistance and in-vestment in waste management infrastruc-ture, if the President determines appro-priate; and (4) consider the benefits and appropriate-ness of having a senior official of the Depart-ment of State serve as a permanent member of the Interagency Marine Debris Coordi-nating Committee established under section 5 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1954). 
SEC. 5. INCLUSION OF DEPARTMENT OF STATE ON THE INTERAGENCY MARINE DE-BRIS COORDINATING COMMITTEE. 
Section 5(b) of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1954(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) the Department of State; and’’. 
SEC. 6. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 9 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1958) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year 2017 through 2021— ‘‘(1) to the Administrator for carrying out sections 3, 5, and 6, $10,000,000, of which no more than 10 percent may be for administra-tive costs; and ‘‘(2) to the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, for the use of the Commandant of the Coast Guard in carrying out section 4, $2,000,000, of which no more than 10 percent may be used for ad-ministrative costs.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.094 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7108 December 9, 2016 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS BONUS TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 3112 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3112) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report re-garding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3112) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3112 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERFORMANCE AWARDS AND BONUSES AWARDED TO CERTAIN HIGH-LEVEL EMPLOY-EES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 714. Annual report on performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that contains, for the most recent fiscal year ending before the submittal of the report, a description of the performance awards and bonuses awarded to Regional Office Directors of the Department, Directors of Medical Centers of the Depart-ment, and Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing with respect to each performance award or bonus awarded to an individual de-scribed in such subsection: ‘‘(1) The amount of each award or bonus. ‘‘(2) The job title of the individual awarded the award or bonus. ‘‘(3) The location where the individual awarded the award or bonus works.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘714. Annual report on performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees.’’. DANIEL L. KINNARD VA CLINIC Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 960 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 960) to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 960) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
APOLLO 11 50TH ANNIVERSARY COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2726, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2726) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the Moon. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (H.R. 2726) was passed. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SEC SMALL BUSINESS ADVOCATE ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3784 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 3784) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation and a Small Business Capital Forma-tion Advisory Committee, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3784) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SIDNEY OSLIN SMITH, JR. FED-ERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 4618 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4618) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Court-house.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4618) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
BOTTLES AND BREASTFEEDING EQUIPMENT SCREENING ACT Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 5065 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.201 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7109 December 9, 2016 
A bill (H.R. 5065) to direct the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to notify air carriers and secu-rity screening personnel of the Transpor-tation Security Administration of such Ad-ministration’s guidelines regarding permit-ting baby formula, breast milk, purified de-ionized water, and juice on airplanes, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5065) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
UNITED STATES-ISRAEL AD-VANCED RESEARCH PARTNER-SHIP ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5877, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5877) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United States- Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security re-search and antiterrorism programs relating to cybersecurity, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5877) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL AVIATION MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN DAY Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 335 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 335) supporting the goals and ideals of National Aviation Main-tenance Technician Day, honoring the in-valuable contributions of Charles Edward Taylor, regarded as the father of aviation maintenance, and recognizing the essential role of aviation maintenance technicians in ensuring the safety and security of civil and military aircraft. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 335) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of December 15, 2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
INCREASING THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ACCOUNT-ABILITY TO VETERANS ACT OF 2015 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 290 and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 290) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Moran substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5173) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 290), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
JEFF MILLER AND RICHARD BLUMENTHAL VETERANS HEALTH CARE AND BENEFITS IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 6416, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6416) to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the Joint Explanatory Statement in relation to H.R. 6416, the Jeff Miller and Richard Blumenthal Veterans Health Care and Benefits Im-provement Act of 2016. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
f 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT FOR H.R. 6416, THE JEFF MILLER AND RICHARD BLUMENTHAL HEALTH CARE AND BENEFITS IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 
H.R. 6416 reflects a Compromise Agreement reached by the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and House of Representa-tives on the following bills introduced during the 114th Congress: S. 244, S. 425 as amended, S. 1203 as amended, S. 1731 as amended, S. 2921, S. 3021, S. 3438 as amended, H.R. 272, H.R. 421 as amended, H.R. 627, H.R. 675 as amended, H.R. 677 as amended, H.R. 1313, H.R. 1338 as amended, H.R. 1384, H.R. 1607 as amended, H.R. 1769 as amended, H.R. 1994 as amended, H.R. 2256 as amended, H.R. 2360 as amended, H.R. 2915 as amended, H.R. 3016 as amended, H.R. 3106 as amended, H.R. 3216, H.R. 3715 as amended, H.R. 4011, H.R. 4150 as amended, H.R. 4757 as amended, H.R. 5047, H.R. 5099 as amended, H.R. 5229 as amended, H.R. 5286, and H.R. 5526. S. 425 as amended was ordered favorably reported out of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate on December 9, 2015, and was reported out on December 7, 2016; S. 1203 as amended passed the Senate on No-vember 10, 2015; S. 1731 as amended passed the Senate on October 29, 2015; S. 2921, which incorporated provisions derived from numer-ous House and Senate bills listed above, was introduced on May 11, 2016, and was reported out of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate on May 16, 2016; S. 3438 as amend-ed passed the Senate on November 29, 2016; H.R. 675 as amended passed the House on July 28, 2015; H.R. 677 as amended passed the House on February 9, 2016; H.R. 1313 passed the House on May 18, 2015; H.R. 1338 as amended passed the House on November 16, 2015; H.R. 1384 passed the House on November 16, 2015; H.R. 1607 as amended passed the House on July 27, 2015; H.R. 1769 as amended was reported out of the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House on May 24, 2016; H.R. 1994 as amended passed the House on July 29, 2015; H.R. 2256 as amended passed the House on July 21, 2015; H.R. 2360 as amended passed the House on February 9, 2016; H.R. 2915 as amended passed the House on Feb-ruary 9, 2016; H.R. 3016 as amended passed the House on February 9, 2016; H.R. 3106 as amended passed the House on February 9, 2016; H.R. 3216 passed the House on Sep-tember 26, 2016; H.R. 3715 as amended passed the House on May 23, 2016; H.R. 4150 as amended was reported out of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House on Novem-ber 14, 2016; H.R. 4757 as amended passed the House on November 29, 2016; H.R. 5047 passed the House on November 30, 2016; H.R. 5099 as amended was reported out of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House on Novem-ber 14, 2016; and H.R. 5229 as amended passed the House on May 23, 2016. The Committees have prepared the fol-lowing explanation of H.R. 6416 to reflect a Compromise Agreement between the Com-mittees. Differences between the provisions contained in the Compromise Agreement and the related provisions of the House Bills and the Senate Bills are noted in this document, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.138 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7110 December 9, 2016 
except for clerical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by the Compromise Agreement, and minor drafting, technical, and clarifying changes. T
ITLE I—D ISABILITY COMPENSATION MATTERS  
EXPEDITED PAYMENT OF SURVIVORS ’ BENEFITS  Current Law Section 5101 of title 38, United States Code (hereinafter, ‘‘U.S.C.’’), requires a claimant to file a formal claim as a condition of re-ceiving Department of Veterans Affairs (hereinafter, ‘‘VA’’ or ‘‘the Department’’) benefits. Senate Bill Section 301 of S. 2921 would amend section 5101 of title 38, U.S.C., to authorize VA to pay benefits under chapter 13 (dependency and indemnity compensation) and chapter 15 (pension) and sections 2302 (funeral ex-penses), 2307 (burial benefits), and 5121 (ac-crued benefits) of title 38, U.S.C., to a sur-vivor of a veteran who has not filed a formal claim if VA determines that the record con-tains sufficient evidence to establish the sur-vivor’s entitlement to those benefits. For purposes of establishing an effective date under section 5110 of title 38, U.S.C., the ear-lier of the following dates would be treated as the date of receipt of the survivor’s appli-cation for benefits: the date the survivor or the survivor’s representative notifies VA of the veteran’s death through a death certifi-cate or other relevant evidence that estab-lishes entitlement to survivors’ benefits or the head of any other department or agency of the Federal Government notifies VA of the veteran’s death. These changes would apply with respect to claims for benefits based on a death occurring on or after the date of enactment. The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs would be required to submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a re-port on benefits paid pursuant to this au-thority. House Bill Section 5 of H.R. 677 as amended generally contains the same provisions as the Senate Bill, except that, for purposes of establishing an effective date under section 5110 of title 38, U.S.C., the earlier of the following dates would be treated as the date of receipt of the survivor’s application for benefits: the date the survivor or the survivor’s representative notifies VA of the veteran’s death through a death certificate or relevant medical evi-dence indicating that the death was due to a service-connected or compensable disability or the head of any other department or agen-cy of the Federal Government notifies VA of the veteran’s death. Compromise Agreement Section 101 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
BOARD OF VETERANS ’ APPEALS VIDEO HEARINGS  Current Law Under current law, section 7107(d) of title 38, U.S.C., an individual who appeals to the Board of Veterans’ Appeals (hereinafter, ‘‘Board’’) may request a hearing at the Board’s location in Washington, DC, or at a VA facility outside of Washington, DC (a field hearing). Further, under section 7107(e) of title 38, U.S.C., VA may provide equip-ment so that hearings outside of the Wash-ington, DC, area can be conducted through video teleconference technology with Board members located in DC. If VA has made that technology available, the Chairman of the Board may allow appellants the opportunity to participate in a hearing using video tele-conference technology, rather than having an in-person hearing with a Board member. Senate Bill Section 303 of S. 2921 would amend section 7107 of title 38, U.S.C., to provide that, for purposes of scheduling a hearing at the ear-liest possible date, the Board would deter-mine the location and type of hearing to be conducted. It would further provide that an appellant may request a different location or type of hearing and the Board must grant such a request, as well as ensure the hearing is scheduled at the earliest possible date without any undue delay or other prejudice to the appellant. Amended section 7107 of title 38, U.S.C., would further provide that any hearing conducted through picture and voice transmission must be conducted in the same manner as, and must be considered the equivalent of, a personal hearing. House Bill Section 10 of H.R. 677 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the provision in the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 102 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. Requirement that Secretary of Veterans Affairs publish the average time required to adjudicate early-filed and later-filed appeals Current Law Under current law, section 7105(b) of title 38, U.S.C., a claimant has 1 year to file a No-tice of Disagreement after the date on which VA mails notice of an initial decision on a claim for benefits. Senate Bill Section 306 of S. 2921 would require VA, on an on-going basis, to make available to the public the average length of time it takes for VA to adjudicate a timely appeal and the av-erage length of time it takes VA to adju-dicate an untimely appeal. This requirement would take effect 1 year after enactment and would apply until 3 years after enactment. VA would be required to submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on whether publication of that data has had an effect on the number of timely appeals that are filed. This section would define a ‘‘time-ly’’ appeal for these purposes as meaning an appeal filed not more than 180 days after the date VA mails notice of the initial decision and an ‘‘untimely’’ appeal as meaning an ap-peal filed more than 180 days after VA mails notice of the initial decision. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 103 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill, ex-cept that it would use the phrase ‘‘early- filed’’ to describe appeals filed not more than 180 days after the date VA mails notice of the initial decision and ‘‘later-filed’’ to de-scribe appeals filed more than 180 days after VA mails notice of the initial decision. Comptroller General review of claims proc-essing performance of regional offices of Vet-erans Benefits Administration Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sions. Senate Bill Section 307 of S. 2921 would require the Government Accountability Office (herein-after, ‘‘GAO’’) to complete a review of VA’s regional offices in order to help the Veterans Benefits Administration achieve more con-sistent performance in the processing of claims for disability compensation. The re-view must be completed by not later than 15 months after the date that is 270 days after the date of enactment. GAO would be re-quired to submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the results of that review. House Bill Section 14 of H.R. 677 as amended would es-tablish a commission or task force to evalu-ate the backlog of claims at VA, including analyzing the most effective means to quick-ly and accurately resolve claims and options to improve the process. Compromise Agreement Section 104 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. Report on staffing levels at regional offices of Department of Veterans Affairs under Na-tional Work Queue Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sions. Senate Bill Section 310 of S. 2921 would require VA, not later than 15 months after enactment, to submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and House of Representa-tives a report on the criteria and procedures that VA will use to determine appropriate staffing levels at the regional offices while using the National Work Queue for the dis-tribution of claims processing work. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 105 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. Inclusion in annual budget submission of information on capacity of Veterans Benefits Administration to process benefits claims. Current Law Under current law, section 1105(a) of title 31, U.S.C., the President is required to sub-mit to Congress an annual budget. Senate Bill Section 309 of S. 2921 would require VA to include in its annual budget submission in-formation on the capacity of the Veterans Benefits Administration to process claims for VA benefits, including an estimate of the average number of claims for benefits that a single full-time equivalent employee can process in a year (excluding claims com-pleted during mandatory overtime), based on a time and motion study and such other in-formation as the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs considers appropriate; a description of the actions VA will take to improve the processing of claims; and an assessment of the actions VA identified in the previous year that would be taken to improve claims processing and the effects of those actions. This requirement would apply with respect to the budget submitted for fiscal year 2017 and any fiscal year thereafter. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 106 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill, ex-cept that it would apply with respect to any fiscal year after fiscal year 2018. 
REPORT ON PLANS OF SECRETARY OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS TO REDUCE INVENTORY OF NON -RAT-
ING WORKLOAD ; SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARD -
ING MONDAY MORNING WORKLOAD REPORT  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 312 of S. 2921 would require VA, not later than 120 days after enactment, to sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report that details VA’s plans to reduce the inventory of work items listed in the Mon-day Morning Workload Report under End 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.098 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7111 December 9, 2016 
Products 130 (Dependency—compensation), 137 (Dependency—pension), 173 (Pre- decisional hearings), 290 (Misc. determina-tions), 400 (Correspondence), 600 (Due proc-ess—compensation), 607 (Due process—pen-sion), 690 (Cost of Living Adjustments and Social Security number verification), 930 (Review, including quality assurance), and 960 (Correction of errors). Section 313 of S. 2921 would express the sense of Congress that VA should include in its Monday Morning Workload Report addi-tional information about fully-developed claims and appeals. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provisions. Compromise Agreement Section 107 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
ANNUAL REPORT ON PROGRESS IN IMPLE -
MENTING VETERANS BENEFITS MANAGEMENT  
SYSTEM  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 311 of S. 2921 would require VA to submit reports to Congress annually on the progress in implementing the Veterans Bene-fits Management System (hereinafter, ‘‘VBMS’’). The report would include an as-sessment of the current functionality of VBMS, recommendations submitted to VA by employees involved in claims processing for legislative or administrative action con-sidered appropriate to improve the proc-essing of claims, and recommendations sub-mitted to VA by veterans service organiza-tions who use VBMS for legislative or ad-ministrative action considered appropriate to improve the system. The reporting re-quirement would sunset 3 years after enact-ment. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 108 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
IMPROVEMENTS TO AUTHORITY FOR PERFORM -
ANCE OF MEDICAL DISABILITIES EXAMINA -
TIONS BY CONTRACT PHYSICIANS  Current Law Under section 504 of Public Law 104–275, VA was authorized to conduct a pilot program to use mandatory funding to provide compensa-tion and pension medical examinations through the use of contractors. Under sec-tion 704 of Public Law 108–183, VA is author-ized to use appropriated funds to obtain com-pensation and pension medical examinations by contractors. Currently, a physician pro-viding an evaluation under these authorities must be licensed in the state or territory in which the examination takes place. Senate Bill Section 304 of S. 2921 would modify these authorities to provide that, notwithstanding any law regarding the licensure of physi-cians, a physician described below may con-duct an examination pursuant to a contract entered into under the authority granted in Public Law 104–275 or Public Law 108–183 at any location in any state, the District of Co-lumbia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States, so long as the examination is within the scope of the authorized duties under such contract. This new authority would apply to a physician who has a current license to practice the health care profession of the physician, is performing authorized duties for VA pursu-ant to a contract for compensation and pen-sion examinations, and is not barred from practicing his or her health care profession in any state, the District of Columbia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. House Bill Section 11 of H.R. 677 as amended contains language substantively identical to the Sen-ate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 109 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF PROCESS BY WHICH  
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AS -
SESSES IMPAIRMENTS THAT RESULT FROM  
TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY FOR PURPOSES OF  
AWARDING DISABILITY COMPENSATION  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill S. 244 would require VA to enter into an agreement with the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies to perform a com-prehensive review of examinations furnished by VA to individuals who submit claims for compensation for traumatic brain injury to assess their cognitive impairments. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 110 of the Compromise Agreement generally follows the language in the Senate Bill, except that it would require a study to encompass all potential residuals of trau-matic brain injury and includes technical changes. 
REPORTS ON CLAIMS FOR DISABILITY  
COMPENSATION  Current Law Under current law, section 5100 of title 38, U.S.C., the term ‘‘claimant’’ means ‘‘any in-dividual applying for, or submitting a claim for, any benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary.’’ Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no comparable provision. House Bill Sections 3 and 4 of H.R. 677 as amended would define the term formal claim and re-quire VA to submit to Congress quarterly re-ports on formal and informal claims. Compromise Agreement Section 111 of the Compromise Agreement would require VA to submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on VA’s policies with respect to the processing of reasonably raised unrelated claims and would require VA, annually for 5 years, to submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and House of Representa-tives a report on complete and incomplete claims for disability compensation sub-mitted to VA. 
SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING AMERICAN  
VETERANS DISABLED FOR LIFE  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 314 of S. 2921 would express the sense of Congress appreciating the service of men and women disabled due to service in the Armed Forces, supporting the annual recognition of such American veterans who are disabled for life, and encouraging the American people to honor such veterans each year. House Bill Section 17 of H.R. 677 as amended contains language substantively identical to the Sen-ate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 112 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill with an updated estimate of the number of vet-erans living with service-connected disabil-ities. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUBMITTAL OF INFOR -
MATION RELATING TO CLAIMS FOR DISABIL -
ITIES INCURRED OR AGGRAVATED BY MILI -
TARY SEXUAL TRAUMA  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 315 of S. 2921 would express the sense of Congress that VA should submit to Congress information on claims for dis-ability compensation based on post-trau-matic stress disorder alleged to have been in-curred or aggravated by military sexual trauma. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 1607 as amended would re-quire VA to submit to Congress annual re-ports on claims for disability compensation based on a mental health condition alleged to have been incurred or aggravated by mili-tary sexual trauma. Compromise Agreement Section 113 of the Compromise Agreement would express the sense of Congress that VA should submit to Congress information on claims for disability compensation based on a mental health condition alleged to have been incurred or aggravated by military sex-ual trauma. T
ITLE II—U NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS  
FORVETERANS CLAIMS  
EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY INCREASE IN NUM -
BER OF JUDGES ON UNITED STATES COURT OF  
APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS  Current Law Under section 7253(a) of title 38, U.S.C., the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims (hereinafter, ‘‘Veterans Court’’) was originally authorized to be composed of not more than seven judges. In 2001, the Veterans Court was temporarily expanded from seven to nine authorized judges for the period spanning January 2002 through August 2005 by Public Law 107–103. In 2008, the Veterans Court was again expanded from seven to nine authorized judges until January 2013 by Pub-lic Law 110–389. Senate Bill Section 701 of S. 2921 would amend section 7253, U.S.C., to expand the number of author-ized judges at the Veterans Court to nine through January 1, 2021. It also would re-quire the chief judge of the Veterans Court to report to Congress not later than June 30, 2020, on the temporary expansion, including an assessment on the effect of the expansion to ensure appeals are handled in a timely manner, a description of the types of ways in which the complexity levels of appeals may vary based on appellants’ eras of service, and a recommendation on whether the number of judges should be adjusted at the end of the expansion time. House Bill Section 201 of H.R. 675 as amended would expand the number of authorized judges at the Veterans Court to nine through January 1, 2020. Compromise Agreement Section 201 of the Compromise Agreement generally follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.099 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7112 December 9, 2016 
LIFE INSURANCE PROGRAM RELATING TO JUDGES  
OF UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  
VETERANS CLAIMS  Current Law Under chapter 87 of title 5, U.S.C., certain Federal employees are eligible to purchase Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance. Section 604(a)(5) of title 28, U.S.C., provides that the Administrative Office of the United States Courts will pay for certain judges age 65 and older any increase in the cost of Fed-eral Employees’ Group Life Insurance im-posed after April 24, 1999. Senate Bill Section 702 of S. 2921 generally mirrors the House Bill except that it specifies that the Veterans Court would pay for the post–1999 increases. House Bill Section 203 of H.R. 675 as amended would amend section 7281 of title 38, U.S.C., to pro-vide that the government would be required to pay for any post–1999 increases in the life insurance premiums for judges of the Vet-erans Court who are age 65 and older. Compromise Agreement Section 202 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
VOLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS TO ENLARGE  
SURVIVORS ’ ANNUITY  Current Law Under section 7297 of title 38, U.S.C., a judge of the Veterans Court may elect to pay for a survivor annuity that would be paid to the judge’s surviving spouse upon the death of the judge. Senate Bill Section 703 of S. 2921 contains language that mirrors the House Bill. House Bill Section 204 of H.R. 675 as amended would authorize a covered judge to purchase, in three-month increments, up to an additional year of service credit for each year of Fed-eral judicial service completed. A covered judge is defined as: (1) a judge in regular ac-tive service; (2) a retired judge who is recall- eligible; or (3) a retired judge who would be recall-eligible but for meeting the aggregate recall service requirements under section 7257(b)(3) of title 38, U.S.C., or is perma-nently disabled as described by section 7257(b)(4) of title 38, U.S.C. Compromise Agreement Section 203 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. 
SELECTION OF CHIEF JUDGE OF UNITED STATES  
COURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS  Current Law Under current law, section 7253(d) of title 38, U.S.C., the chief judge of the Veterans Court is the judge in regular active service who is senior in commission among judges who has served for at least 1 year as a judge and who has not previously served as chief judge. The chief judge serves for a term of 5 years or until the judge turns 70 years old, whichever occurs first. Senate Bill Section 704 of S. 2921 would amend section 7253(d), U.S.C., to add a prerequisite that a judge also must have at least 3 years remain-ing in his or her term of office in order to serve as the chief judge. It would also specify that, if there is no judge who meets all of the criteria to serve as chief judge, the chief judge will be the judge in regular active service who is senior in commission, has not previously served as chief judge, and either has 3 years remaining or has served for at least 1 year as a judge. If no judge meets those criteria, the chief judge would be the judge most senior in commission who has not previously served as chief judge. These changes would apply with respect to selec-tion of a chief judge occurring on or after January 1, 2020. House Bill Section 206 of H.R. 675 as amended would revise the qualifications for the chief judge of the Veterans Court. This section would re-quire that the chief judge: (1) be 64 years of age and under; (2) have at least 3 years re-maining in term of office; and (3) have not previously served as chief judge. In any case in which there is no judge of the Veterans Court who meets all of these requirements, the judge of the Veterans Court in regular active service who is senior in commission and has not served previously as chief judge and has either served for at least 1 year as a judge of the court or is 64 years of age and under and has at least 3 years remaining in term of office, would act as the chief judge. Compromise Agreement Section 204 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. TITLE III—B URIAL BENEFITS AND OTHER  M
ATTERS  
EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR HEADSTONES , 
MARKERS , AND MEDALLIONS  Current Law Current law, section 2306 of title 38, U.S.C., requires VA to provide, upon request, a head-stone or marker for the grave of an eligible individual in a private cemetery. VA may also provide, upon request, a medallion sig-nifying the status of the deceased as a vet-eran, to be affixed to the privately purchased headstone or marker of the deceased in lieu of providing a government-furnished head-stone or marker. This medallion is only available for the headstone or marker of an individual who dies on or after November 1, 1990. Senate Bill Section 801 of S. 2921 would amend section 2306(d)(4) of title 38, U.S.C., to specify that medallions may be provided for deceased in-dividuals who served in the Armed Forces on or after April 6, 1917, in lieu of a government furnished headstone or marker. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 677 as amended is sub-stantively identical to section 801 of S. 2921. Section 1 of H.R. 4757 as amended adds a new paragraph (5) to section 2306(d) of title 38, U.S.C., requiring VA to provide a headstone, marker, or medallion signifying the deceased’s status as a medal of honor recipi-ent when furnishing a headstone, marker, or medallion for placement in a private ceme-tery. Compromise Agreement Section 301 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the House Bills and combines section 2 of H.R. 677 as amended with section 1 of H.R. 4757 as amended. 
EXPANSION OF PRESIDENTIAL MEMORIAL  
CERTIFICATE PROGRAM  Current Law Section 112 of title 38, U.S.C., authorizes a program to honor the memory of deceased veterans with honorable discharges and per-sons who died in active military, naval, or air service by providing a Presidential cer-tificate to surviving family and friends. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no comparable provisions. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 4757 as amended would amend section 112 of title 38, U.S.C., by add-ing eligible groups of individuals from para-graphs (2), (3), and (7) of section 2402(a) of title 38, U.S.C. Compromise Agreement Section 302 of the Compromise Agreement replaces all eligibility criteria in section 112 of title 38, U.S.C., with eligibility based on a reference to paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (7) of section 2402(a) of that title. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS STUDY ON  
MATTERS RELATING TO BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED  
REMAINS OF VETERANS IN NATIONAL CEME -
TERIES  Current Law Under section 2302 of title 38, U.S.C., VA may pay for the reimbursement of the costs of a burial receptacle when a deceased vet-eran has no next of kin nor sufficient re-sources to furnish the burial receptacle. Sec-tion 2414 of that title requires VA to collect information from the local medical exam-iner, funeral director, or other responsible entity on whether or not the veteran was cremated and what steps were taken to en-sure the deceased veteran had no next of kin. Senate Bill Section 804 of S. 2921 would require VA to complete a study on matters relating to the interment of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries and submit a report to Congress on the findings of the study. The study would include the scope of related issues including the estimated number of un-claimed remains, effectiveness of VA proce-dures to work with persons or entities in cus-tody of unclaimed remains, and an assess-ment of state and local laws affecting VA’s ability to inter unclaimed remains. This sec-tion would take effect 1 year after enact-ment and the report would be required 1 year after it takes effect. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 1338 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill in the requirements of the study. The House Bill does not delay the effective date of the provi-sion after enactment. Compromise Agreement Section 303 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
STUDY ON PROVISION OF INTERMENTS IN  
VETERANS ’ CEMETERIES DURING WEEKENDS  Current Law Chapter 24 of title 38, U.S.C., establishes the National Cemetery Administration, di-rects the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ad-minister the national cemeteries, and au-thorizes VA to provide aid to states and trib-al organizations for the establishment, ex-pansion, and improvement of veterans’ ceme-teries. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no comparable provisions. House Bill H.R. 3715 as amended would amend section 2404 of title 38, U.S.C., to direct VA to permit interments in national cemeteries and state veterans’ cemeteries during weekends other than Federal holiday weekends at the re-quest of the veteran’s next of kin. VA would be required to notify an individual request-ing interment of a veteran of the oppor-tunity to request a weekend interment. Compromise Agreement Section 304 of the Compromise Agreement would require VA to conduct a study on the feasibility and the need for providing in-creased interment options on weekends. The study would need to include information about requests for weekend burials over the past 10 years as well as a comparison of prac-tices related to weekend burials at non-VA cemeteries. VA would be required to com-plete the study and provide a report to Con-gress within 180 days of enactment. Honoring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.100 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7113 December 9, 2016 
as veterans certain persons who performed service in the Reserve components of the Armed Forces. Current Law Under current law, section 101(2) of title 38, U.S.C., for purposes of determining eligi-bility for benefits administered by VA, a vet-eran is defined as ‘‘a person who served in the active military, naval, or air service, and who was discharged or released therefrom under conditions other than dishonorable.’’ As such, a member of the Reserve compo-nents who is eligible for retirement pay, or in receipt of retired pay, who did not have qualifying active duty service, is not recog-nized as a veteran for purposes of eligibility for certain VA benefits. Senate Bill Section 701 of S. 1203 as amended would recognize the service of certain individuals in the Reserve components of the Armed Forces by honoring them as veterans. This section, in a non-codified provision, would honor as a veteran those individuals who are entitled under chapter 1223 of title 10, U.S.C., to retired pay for irregular service or who would be entitled to retired pay, but for age. Those who are honored as ‘‘veterans’’ under this section would not be entitled to any VA benefit by reason of such recognition. House Bill H.R. 1384 would amend title 38, U.S.C., to honor as a veteran those individuals who are entitled under chapter 1223 of title 10, U.S.C., to retired pay for irregular service or who would be entitled to retired pay, but for age. Those who are honored as ‘‘veterans’’ under this section would not be entitled to any VA benefit by reason of such recognition. Compromise Agreement Section 305 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. T
ITLE IV—E DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE AND  V
OCATIONAL REHABILITATION  
CLARIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR MARINE  
GUNNERY SERGEANT JOHN DAVID FRY SCHOL -
ARSHIP  Current Law Section 3311(b)(9) of title 38, U.S.C., as amended by section 701(d) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1796; 38 U.S.C. 3311 note), authorizes educational as-sistance to the surviving spouse and child of an active duty servicemember who dies in the line of duty on or after September 11, 2001. The delimitation date for use of this benefit by a surviving spouse is 15 years from the date of death of the active duty service-member. Senate Bill Section 401 of S. 2921 would amend section 3317 of title 38, U.S.C., to allow Fry Scholar-ship recipients to participate in the Yellow Ribbon Program. It would also amend sec-tion 701(d) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146) to treat deaths of servicemembers that occurred between September 11, 2001, and December 31, 2005, as if they had oc-curred on January 1, 2006, for purposes of that section. The changes made by section 401 would apply to terms of study beginning on or after January 1, 2015. House Bill Section 302 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 401 of the Compromise Agreement includes the provision amending section 701(d) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146) to treat deaths of servicemembers that occurred between September 11, 2001, and De-cember 31, 2005, as if they had occurred on January 1, 2006, for purposes of that section. It does not include the provision amending section 3317 of title 38, U.S.C., to allow Fry Scholarship recipients to participate in the Yellow Ribbon Program. APPROVAL OF COURSES OF EDUCATION AND  
TRAINING FOR PURPOSES OF THE VOCATIONAL  
REHABILITATION PROGRAM OF THE DEPART -
MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Subchapter I of chapter 36 of title 38, U.S.C., provides criteria under which a course of education or training may be ap-proved or disapproved for the use of veterans educational assistance. Assistance provided under the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program is not subject to these same criteria. Senate Bill Section 404 of S. 2921 amends section 3104(b) of title 38, U.S.C., to require, to the maximum extent practicable, that an edu-cation or training program pursued under Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment must be an approved course for purposes of the Montgomery GI Bill or the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Section 404 would grant the Secretary of Veterans Affairs authority to waive this new requirement. This section would take ef-fect 1 year after the provision’s enactment. House Bill Section 303 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 402 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. 
AUTHORITY TO PRIORITIZE VOCATIONAL  
REHABILITATION SERVICES BASED ON NEED  Current Law Section 3104 of title 38, U.S.C., describes the services and assistance that VA may pro-vide under the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program. It does not in-clude authority for VA to prioritize the pro-vision of these services to veterans. Senate Bill Section 405 of S. 2921 would add a new sub-section to section 3104 of title 38, U.S.C., granting the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the authority to prioritize the provision of Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment services to veterans. The Secretary would be authorized to consider the disability rating, employment handicap, qualification for an independent living program, income, and any other appropriate factor in establishing pri-ority. The Secretary would be required to submit a plan to Congress no later than 90 days prior to any planned change in prioritizing services. House Bill Section 304 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 403 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. 
REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF STUDENTS RECEIVING  
POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE  Current Law Current law requires educational and training institutions to report to VA the en-rollment of students receiving VA edu-cational assistance, to include changes to en-rollments within a term and completion of the educational objective. Senate Bill Section 410 of S. 2921 would require edu-cational institutions to submit an annual re-port to VA not later than 1 year after enact-ment on the academic progress of students for whom it receives payments under the Post-9/11 GI Bill. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs would be required to include this in-formation in the annual report to Congress on the Post-9/11 GI Bill. House Bill The House Bills contain no similar provi-sion. Compromise Agreement Section 404 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. RECODIFICATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF ELEC -
TION PROCESS FOR POST -9/11 EDUCATIONAL AS -
SISTANCE PROGRAM  Current Law The Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assist-ance Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–252) estab-lished the process by which individuals may elect from multiple educational assistance programs for which they are eligible the one they wish to use. The election is irrevocable. Senate Bill Section 406 of S. 2921 would codify in a re-designated section 3325 of title 38, U.S.C., the provisions now found in section 5003(c) of Public Law 110–252 and would add a provision to that new section providing that, in the case of an individual who on or after Janu-ary 1, 2016, submits to VA an election of which education program to use that VA de-termines is clearly against the interests of the individual or who fails to make an elec-tion, VA may make an alternative election on behalf of the individual that VA deter-mines is in the best interests of the indi-vidual. This section would also require VA to promptly notify the veteran of such alter-nate election and allow the veteran 30 days to modify the election. House Bill Section 305 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 405 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language of both bills. 
WORK -STUDY ALLOWANCE  Current Law Current law, section 3485 of title 38, U.S.C., authorizes VA to pay a work-study allow-ance to individuals receiving VA educational assistance if they meet certain enrollment requirements and work for up to 25 hours per week at an approved VA work-study location in a VA facility or educational institution. Senate Bill Section 407 of S. 2921 would amend section 3485 of title 38, U.S.C., to provide an addi-tional period of 5 years, from June 30, 2016, to June 30, 2021, during which a student may re-ceive a work-study allowance for performing outreach services for a State approving agen-cy, providing hospital and domiciliary care and medical treatment to veterans in a State home, or performing an activity relating to the administration of a national cemetery or a state veterans’ cemetery. House Bill Section 308 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 406 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills, except that the 5-year period would run from June 30, 2017, to June 30, 2022. 
CENTRALIZED REPORTING OF VETERAN ENROLL -
MENT BY CERTAIN GROUPS , DISTRICTS , AND 
CONSORTIUMS OF EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS  Current Law Current law, section 3684 of title 38, U.S.C., requires educational and training institu-tions to report to VA the enrollment of stu-dents receiving VA educational assistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.101 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7114 December 9, 2016 
and to certify their compliance with the re-quirements of approval for VA educational assistance in order to receive payments. Senate Bill Section 421 of S. 2921 would modify section 3684 of title 38, U.S.C., so that an ‘‘edu-cational institution’’ for purposes of report-ing to VA enrollments in education pro-grams would include a group, district, or consortium of separately accredited edu-cational institutions located in the same state that are organized in a manner that fa-cilitates the centralized reporting of enroll-ments in the group, district, or consortium of institutions. House Bill Section 401 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 407 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. 
ROLE OF STATE APPROVING AGENCIES  Current Law Under current law, section 3672 of title 38, U.S.C., certain types of education courses meeting criteria in chapter 36 of title 38, U.S.C., are deemed approved for the use of VA educational assistance. Senate Bill Section 423 of S. 2921 would amend section 3672 of title 38, U.S.C., so that an education program would be deemed approved for pur-poses of VA education benefits only if a State approving agency determines that the program meets the deemed-approved cri-teria. It would also modify section 3675 of title 38, U.S.C., so that a program that is not subject to approval under section 3672 of title 38, U.S.C., may be approved by a State ap-proving agency or VA acting in the role of a State approving agency when the criteria for approval of accredited programs at for-profit institutions are met. House Bill Section 403 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 408 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. 
MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR AP -
PROVAL FOR PURPOSES OF EDUCATIONAL AS -
SISTANCE PROVIDED BY DEPARTMENT OF VET -
ERANS AFFAIRS OF PROGRAMS DESIGNED TO  
PREPARE INDIVIDUALS FOR LICENSURE OR  
CERTIFICATION  Current Law Current law, sections 3675 and 3676 of title 38, U.S.C., lists a number of requirements for accredited and non-accredited education and training programs to be approved for VA educational assistance, including for licen-sure and certification programs. Senate Bill Section 425 of S. 2921 would amend chapter 36 of title 38, U.S.C., to require both accred-ited and non-accredited programs that are designed to prepare an individual for licen-sure or certification in a state to meet any instructional curriculum licensure or certifi-cation requirements of the state in order to be approved for purposes of VA education benefits. It would also require programs de-signed to prepare an individual for employ-ment pursuant to standards developed by a board or agency of a state in an occupation that requires approval or licensure to be ap-proved or licensed by the board or agency of the state in order to be approved for pur-poses of VA education benefits. It would also require that any course of education de-signed to prepare a student for licensure to practice law be accredited by a recognized party. It would add a new subsection (f) to section 3676 of title 38, U.S.C., providing that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs would be authorized to waive either of those require-ments in certain circumstances and would add specific criteria for disapproving such courses in section 3679 of title 38, U.S.C. This section would not apply to individuals con-tinuously enrolled in a course if that course is later disapproved pursuant to this section. House Bill H.R. 2360 as amended contains similar lan-guage to the Senate Bill, but lacks the lan-guage specifying the requirements apply to courses preparing for licensure to practice law and to standard college degree programs at accredited public or not-for-profit edu-cational institutions. Compromise Agreement Section 409 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. CRITERIA USED TO APPROVE COURSES  Current Law Current law, section 3676 of title 38, U.S.C., requires non-accredited courses to meet a number of criteria in order to be approved for VA educational assistance. Included in these are any additional criteria as may be deemed necessary by the State approving agency. Senate Bill Section 424 of S. 2921 would modify section 3676 of title 38, U.S.C., so that additional cri-teria may be required only if the Secretary, in consultation with the State approving agency and pursuant to regulations pre-scribed to carry out this requirement, deter-mines that the additional criteria are nec-essary and treat public, private, and propri-etary for-profit educational institutions eq-uitably. Section 424 would modify section 3675 of title 38, U.S.C., so that accredited courses must also meet those additional cri-teria to be approved. House Bill Section 404 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 410 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. 
COMPLIANCE SURVEYS  Current Law Section 3693 of title 38, U.S.C., requires VA to conduct compliance surveys of institu-tions that enroll eligible veterans in edu-cation programs approved for VA edu-cational assistance. VA must conduct com-pliance surveys each year for institutions en-rolling 300 or more eligible veterans or offer-ing courses other than standard college de-grees. Senate Bill Section 426 of S. 2921 would amend section 3693 of title 38, U.S.C., to provide that VA generally must conduct an annual compli-ance survey of educational institutions and training establishments offering approved courses if at least 20 veterans or other VA beneficiaries are enrolled in its courses; VA must design the compliance survey to ensure that institutions or establishments and ap-proved courses are in compliance with all ap-plicable provisions of chapters 30 through 36 of title 38, U.S.C.; VA must survey each in-stitution or establishment not less than once during every 2-year period; VA must assign not fewer than one education compliance specialist to work on compliance surveys in any year for each 40 compliance surveys re-quired; and VA must, in consultation with State approving agencies, annually deter-mine the parameters of the surveys and not later than September 1 of each year make available to the State approving agencies a list of educational institutions and training establishments that will be surveyed during the fiscal year following the date of making the list available. House Bill Section 405 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 411 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. MODIFICATION OF REDUCTION IN REPORTING FEE  
MULTIPLIERS FOR PAYMENTS BY SECRETARY  
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO EDUCATIONAL IN -
STITUTIONS  Current Law Current law, section 3684 of title 38, U.S.C., directs VA to pay educational institutions a fee for each educational assistance bene-ficiary whose enrollment the institution cer-tifies to VA. The current fees are $9 or $12 per student depending on whether or not the school receives an assistance payment in care of the beneficiary. Senate Bill Section 902 of S. 2921 would change the rates of the reporting fees that are paid to educational institutions beginning on Sep-tember 26, 2016. The rates would change from $9 and $13 per student to $8 and $12 per stu-dent until September 25, 2025. House Bill The House Bills contain no similar provi-sion. Compromise Agreement Section 412 of the Compromise Agreement would change the rates of the reporting fees to $6 and $12 per student through September 25, 2017. From September 26, 2017, to Sep-tember 25, 2026, the reporting fees would be paid at a rate of $7 and $12 per student. 
COMPOSITION OF VETERANS ’ ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION  Current Law Current law, section 3692 of title 38, U.S.C., requires VA to include veterans who are rep-resentative of World War II, the Korean con-flict era, the post-Korean conflict era, the Vietnam era, the post-Vietnam era, and the Persian Gulf War when forming the Vet-erans’ Advisory Committee on Education. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no relevant provi-sion. House Bill The House Bills contain no relevant provi-sion. Compromise Agreement Section 413 of the Compromise Agreement includes language from a VA legislative pro-posal that would amend section 3692(a) of title 38, U.S.C., to modify the requirements on the composition of the Veterans’ Advi-sory Committee on Education. The current requirement to include veterans rep-resenting specific conflict eras, such as World War II, Korea, and Vietnam, would be replaced with a more flexible requirement to include veterans representing those who have used, are using, or may in the future use VA educational assistance benefits. 
SURVEY OF INDIVIDUALS USING THEIR ENTITLE -
MENT TO EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE UNDER  
THE EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS AD -
MINISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 427 of S. 2921 would require VA to contract with a non-government entity to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.102 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7115 December 9, 2016 
conduct a survey of individuals who are using or have used VA educational benefits. The survey would have to be contracted within 9 months of enactment, provided to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives at least 30 days in advance of data collection, com-pleted within 6 months, and conducted by electronic means. The survey would include demographic information, opinion on effec-tiveness of transition assistance programs, and resources used to decide on a program of education and which education benefit to use, among other survey requirements. VA would be required to report to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives on the findings of this survey within 90 days of its comple-tion. House Bill Section 406 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 414 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PROVISION  
OF INFORMATION ON ARTICULATION AGREE -
MENTS BETWEEN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER  
LEARNING  Current Law Current law, section 3697A of title 38, U.S.C., directs VA to provide educational and vocational counseling to veterans within 1 year of separation from the military and to other eligible individuals using VA edu-cational assistance. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no similar provi-sions. House Bill H.R. 5047 would require VA counselors pro-viding educational or vocational counseling under section 3697A of title 38, U.S.C., to pro-vide, as part of that counseling, information on articulation agreements at each edu-cational institution in which the individual is interested. VA must also include informa-tion on articulation agreements when it pro-vides a certification of eligibility for edu-cational assistance. Compromise Agreement Section 415 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the House Bill. 
RETENTION OF ENTITLEMENT TO EDUCATIONAL  
ASSISTANCE DURING CERTAIN ADDITIONAL PE -
RIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY  Current Law Current law, sections 16131 and 16133 of title 10, U.S.C., allows used entitlement to the Montgomery GI Bill-Selected Reserves to be retained by an individual when their enrollment is interrupted by orders to active duty under certain sections of title 10, U.S.C. Senate Bill Section 408 of S. 2921 would add 10 U.S.C. 12304a and 12304b to the list of authorities in 10 U.S.C. 16131 and 16133 under which a re-servist may regain lost payments and lost entitlement for the Montgomery GI Bill-Se-lected Reserve education program when that activation authority prevented the reservist from completing his or her studies. House Bill The House Bills contain no similar provi-sion. Compromise Agreement Section 416 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT RELATING TO IN -STATE  
TUITION RATE FOR INDIVIDUALS TO WHOM EN -
TITLEMENT IS TRANSFERRED UNDER ALL -VOL-
UNTEER FORCE EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM AND POST -9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSIST -
ANCE  Current Law Current law, section 3679 of title 38, U.S.C., as amended by section 702 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1796; 38 U.S.C. 3311 note), requires VA to disapprove any program in which a veteran within 3 years of separation or their dependent using transferred education benefits is charged more than the in-state tuition rate charged to residents of the state for that same pro-gram. Senate Bill Section 428 of S. 2921 would amend section 3679(c)(2)(B) of title 38, U.S.C., to specify that a covered individual includes someone using education benefits transferred to them under section 3319 of title 38, U.S.C., when the per-son who transferred benefits is a veteran within 3 years of separation from active duty or a member of the uniformed services de-scribed in section 3319(b) of title 38, U.S.C. Under this section, VA must disapprove courses in which these covered individuals are charged more than the in-state tuition rate charged to residents of the state for the same program. This change would apply with courses and terms beginning after July 1, 2017. House Bill Section 408 of H.R. 3016 as amended is simi-lar to the language in the Senate Bill but would require disapproval when the in-state tuition rate is not applied for any individual using transferred education benefits under section 3319 of title 38, U.S.C., without re-gard to how many years have passed since the veteran’s military separation. Compromise Agreement Section 417 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
STUDY ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF VETERANS  
TRANSITION EFFORTS  Current Law Current law, section 1144 of title 10, U.S.C., requires the Departments of Defense, Vet-erans Affairs, Homeland Security, and Labor to provide transition assistance training to transitioning members of the Armed Forces. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no similar provi-sion. House Bill H.R. 5229 as amended would require VA, in coordination with the Departments of De-fense and Labor, to conduct a study evalu-ating military transition assistance pro-grams with emphasis on their effectiveness for certain groups of minority veterans. VA would be required to report to Congress its findings and any recommendations within 18 months of enactment. The House Bill would also prohibit the authorization of additional funds to carry out these requirements. Compromise Agreement Section 418 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the House Bill. T
ITLE V—S MALL BUSINESS AND EMPLOYMENT  M
ATTERS  
MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT UNDER CON -
TRACTING GOALS AND PREFERENCES OF DE -
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Under current law, section 8127 of title 38, U.S.C., if the death of a veteran causes a small business to be less than 51 percent owned by one or more veterans, the sur-viving spouse of such veteran who acquires ownership rights shall be treated as if the surviving spouse were that veteran for the purpose of maintaining the status of the small business concern as a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans. The current transition period from the date of the veteran’s death is the earliest of the following dates: the date on which the sur-viving spouse remarries; the date on which the surviving spouse relinquishes an owner-ship interest in the small business concern; or the date that is 10 years after the date of the veteran’s death. Current law only applies to a surviving spouse of a veteran with a service-connected disability rated as 100 percent disabling or who dies as a result of a service-connected disability. Senate Bill Sections 501 and 502 of S. 1203 as amended would modify the ownership requirements for small business contracts and preferences. In the case of a veteran who dies as a result of a service-connected disability with a 100 percent rating, the surviving spouse would also be allowed to assume control of the business for 10 years after the date of the veteran’s death. For a veteran who passes away with less than 100 percent disability, who does not die of a service-connected dis-ability, a transition period of 3 years after the veteran’s death would be authorized. House Bill H.R. 1313 is substantively identical to the Senate Bill. Compromise Agreement Section 501 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. LONGITUDINAL STUDY OF JOB COUNSELING , 
TRAINING , AND PLACEMENT SERVICE FOR VET -
ERANS  Current Law Current law, section 4103A of title 38, U.S.C., provides intensive services for vet-erans with significant barriers to employ-ment to meet their employment needs and facilitate placements. Senate Bill Section 502 of S. 2921 would add section 4115 to chapter 41 of title 38, U.S.C., which would require the Secretary of Labor to contract with a non-government entity to conduct a 5-year longitudinal study of job counseling, training, and placement service for veterans. The study would collect information relating to length of military service, disability, un-employment, income levels, home ownership, use of job counseling and training services, and demographic information. The Secretary would report the findings to Congress by not later than July 1 of each year for the 5-year period and include in the report the number of job fairs attended by One-Stop Career Cen-ter employees where they had contact with veterans and the number of veterans con-tacted at each job fair. House Bill Section 502 of H.R. 3016 as amended is sub-stantively similar to the Senate Bill but would not require the study or inclusion of job fairs attended by One-Stop Career Center employees. Compromise Agreement Section 502 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE FOR EM -
PLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF -
FAIRS  Current Law Current law places no restrictions on ad-ministrative leave. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.103 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7116 December 9, 2016 
Senate Bill Section 124 of S. 2921 would restrict the ability of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to place employees on administrative leave for no more than 14 days in a given year. The Secretary may waive the limitation but would be required to provide the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a detailed explanation for extending the administrative leave. The ex-planation would be required to include the position and location where the individual is employed. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary would also be required to submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report listing the posi-tion of each employee of the Department (if any) who has been placed on administrative leave for a period longer than 14 business days during such fiscal year. House Bill Section 7 of H.R. 1994 as amended is similar to the Senate Bill, except that it would re-quire the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to also report the name of any individual who was placed on administrative leave for longer than 14 days to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives. The House Bill also would not require an additional report from the Secretary at the end of each fiscal year of each individual placed on administrative leave for a time that is greater than 14 days in the prior fiscal year. Compromise Agreement Section 503 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the House Bill, ex-cept that it would not require the Secretary to provide any individual’s name who is placed on administrative leave for a time that is greater than 14 days and would only require the Secretary to report an individ-ual’s job title, pay grade, and location. 
REQUIRED COORDINATION BETWEEN DIRECTORS  
FOR VETERANS ’ EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  
WITH STATE DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR AND  
VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Current law, section 4103 of title 38, U.S.C., directs the Department of Labor to assign di-rectors of veterans’ employment and train-ing to each state. Senate Bill Section 501 of S. 2921 would require the De-partment of Labor’s director of veterans’ em-ployment and training for each state to co-ordinate their activities with the state agen-cies for labor and veterans affairs. Section 501 would take effect 1 year after the enact-ment date. House Bill The House Bills contain no similar provi-sions. Compromise Agreement Section 504 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. T
ITLE VI—H EALTH CAREMATTERS  
SUBTITLE A —MEDICAL CARE  
REQUIREMENT FOR ADVANCE APPROPRIATIONS  
FOR THE MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE ACCOUNT  
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Section 117 of title 38, U.S.C., provides for the advance appropriations of certain VA ap-propriations accounts. Providing appropria-tions in advance ensures that medical care and certain benefits continue if annual ap-propriations bills or a continuing resolution to provide funding are not signed into law before the end of the fiscal year. Public Law 114–41, the Surface Transportation and Vet-erans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015, provided a new appropriations ac-count to fund medical care that is not pro-vided at a VA facility. Senate Bill Section 274 of S. 2921 would provide for the advance appropriation of funding for the Medical Community Care Appropriations ac-count. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 601 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. IMPROVED ACCESS TO APPROPRIATE  
IMMUNIZATIONS FOR VETERANS  Current Law Section 1701 of title 38, U.S.C., provides definitions for medical care and hospital care. To promote health and prevent diseases among veterans, VA delivers preventive health services, which includes providing im-munizations against infectious diseases. Rec-ommendations on immunizations for adults are made by the Advisory Committee on Im-munization Practices, an entity that advises the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services and is supported by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That advisory committee publishes an im-munization schedule for adults. Senate Bill Section 201 of S. 2921 would amend section 1701 of title 38, U.S.C., to clarify that the term ‘‘preventive health services’’ encom-passes immunizations against infectious dis-eases, including each immunization on the recommended adult immunization schedule at the time such immunization is indicated on that schedule. The section would also re-quire VA to report to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives on programs conducted the previous fiscal year to ensure veterans have access to the recommended immunizations. Section 201 would also ensure that a veteran would not receive an immunization that the veteran does not wish to receive. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 602 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
PRIORITY OF MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS IN  
HEALTH CARE SYSTEM OF DEPARTMENT OF  
VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Section 1705 of title 38, U.S.C., provides for eligibility for the VA health care system. Medal of honor recipients are eligible to be enrolled in the VA healthcare system under priority group three and are required to pay applicable VA copayments for certain care. Senate Bill Section 203 of S. 2921 would increase medal of honor recipients from priority group three to priority group one in the VA health care system. Medal of honor recipients would be elevated to the highest priority group within the Veterans Health Administration and would not be required to pay co-payments for care they received. House Bill Section 102 of H.R. 3016 as amended con-tains an identical provision. Compromise Agreement Section 603 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in both bills. REQUIREMENT THAT DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS COLLECT HEALTH -PLAN CONTRACT  
INFORMATION FROM VETERANS  Current Law Public Law 114–223 restricts VA’s use of fis-cal year 2017 funding for the provision of hos-pital care, nursing home care, or medical services under chapter 17 of title 38, U.S.C., for non-service connected disabilities under section 1729(a)(2) of title 38, U.S.C., unless the veteran has provided third-party reim-bursement information. Senate Bill Section 241 of S. 2921 would amend title 38, U.S.C., and add a new section 1705A. This sec-tion would require VA to collect from indi-viduals information on health-plan contracts and would allow VA to take any action nec-essary to collect the information. In addi-tion, this section would denote that the Sec-retary may not deny services to an indi-vidual if he or she fails to provide this infor-mation. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 604 of the Compromise Agreement follows the Senate Bill. 
MENTAL HEALTH TREATMENT FOR VETERANS  
WHO HAVE SERVED IN CLASSIFIED MISSIONS  Current Law Section 7301 of title 38, U.S.C., established within the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs the primary function to provide complete med-ical and hospital services for the medical care and treatment of veterans. Section 1701 of title 38, U.S.C., defines ‘‘hospital care’’ to include ‘‘mental health services, consulta-tion, professional counseling, marriage and family counseling.’’ Senate Bill Section 212 of S. 2921 would amend title 38, U.S.C., by adding a new section, 1720H, to di-rect VA to establish standards and proce-dures in consultation with the Department of Defense to ensure that veterans who par-ticipated in classified missions or served in sensitive units may access mental health care in a manner that fully accommodates their obligation to not improperly disclose classified information. House Bill Section 3 of H.R. 2915 as amended contains an identical provision. Compromise Agreement Section 605 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate and House Bills. 
EXAMINATION AND TREATMENT BY DEPARTMENT  
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR EMERGENCY MED -
ICAL CONDITIONS AND WOMEN IN LABOR  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sions. Senate Bill Section 246 of S. 2921 would add a new sec-tion, 1784A, to title 38, U.S.C., to require any VA facility with an emergency department to provide stabilizing care in the form of an examination or treatment for an emergency medical condition for any individual who is on the campus of the hospital and requests treatment or has a request for treatment made on his/her behalf. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 3216 would add a new sec-tion 1730B to title 38, U.S.C., to require a VA facility with an emergency department to provide stabilizing care to an enrolled vet-eran in the form of examination or treat-ment for an emergent medical condition for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.104 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7117 December 9, 2016 
a veteran that requests treatment or a treat-ment request is made by an individual acting on behalf of the veteran. Compromise Agreement Section 606 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. It is the intent of Congress that VA obtain other health insurance information from individ-uals receiving care under this provision con-sistent with the authority in section 604 of the Compromise Agreement. 
SUBTITLE B —VETERANS HEALTH  
ADMINISTRATION  
TIME PERIOD COVERED BY ANNUAL REPORT ON  
READJUSTMENT COUNSELING SERVICE  Current Law Section 7309 of title 38, U.S.C., requires the Readjustment Counseling Service (herein-after, ‘‘RCS’’) to submit an annual report covering the activities of the RCS for the preceding calendar year. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no comparable provision. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 611 of the Compromise Agreement contains a new provision that would amend section 7309 of title 38, U.S.C., to change the time period covered by the annual report to include the activities of the RCS in the pre-ceding fiscal year. 
ANNUAL REPORT ON VETERANS HEALTH ADMIN -
ISTRATION AND FURNISHING OF HOSPITAL  
CARE , MEDICAL SERVICES , AND NURSING HOME  
CARE  Current Law Title 38, U.S.C., contains a number of re-quirements for VA to submit reports to Con-gress regarding the Department’s activities. Senate Bill Section 248 of S. 2921 would amend title 38, U.S.C., by adding a new section, 7330B, which would require VA to submit an annual report to Congress regarding the provision of hos-pital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Veterans Health Adminis-tration. An annual report would be due not later than March 1 of each year from 2018 through 2022. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 2256 as amended contains an identical provision. Compromise Agreement Section 612 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate and House Bills. 
EXPANSION OF QUALIFICATIONS FOR LICENSED  
MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELORS OF THE DE -
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO INCLUDE  
DOCTORAL DEGREES  Current Law Section 7402(b)(11) of title 38, U.S.C., au-thorizes the appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of licensed profes-sional mental health counselors (hereinafter, ‘‘LPMHC’’) provided the LPMHCs hold a master’s degree in mental health counseling. Senate Bill Section 214 of S. 2921 would amend section 7402(b)(11) of title 38, U.S.C., to expand the qualifications for an individual to be ap-pointed as a VA licensed professional mental health counselor to include individuals with a doctoral degree in mental health coun-seling. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 613 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. MODIFICATION OF HOURS OF EMPLOYMENT FOR  
PHYSICIANS EMPLOYED BY THE DEPARTMENT  
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Section 7423(a) of title 38, U.S.C., estab-lishes the hours that are used to determine whether an employee is a full-time em-ployee. A full-time employee is one who works 80 hours over a 2 week period. Senate Bill Section 221 of S. 2921 would amend section 7423(a) of title 38, U.S.C., to provide an excep-tion to the requirement that the hours of employment for a full-time VA physician or physician assistant must consist of not less than 80 hours in a biweekly pay period. Spe-cifically, VA may modify the hours of em-ployment for a full-time physician or physi-cian assistant to be more or less than 80 hours in a biweekly pay period if the total hours for the employee does not exceed 2,080 hours in a calendar year. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 4150 as amended would amend section 7423(a) of title 38, U.S.C., to provide an exception to the requirement that the hours of employment for a full-time phy-sician or physician assistant must consist of not less than 80 hours in a pay period. Sec-tion 2 would also ban the accrual of overtime because of the modification of the hours of employment. Compromise Agreement Section 614 of the Compromise Agreement amends section 7423(a) of title 38, U.S.C., to provide an exception to the requirement that the hours of employment for a full-time phy-sician must consist of not less than 80 hours in a pay period, on the condition that the physician provides VA with an advance writ-ten notice. It is the intent of Congress that the advance written notice required by this section be a one-time notice to VA that the physician is willing to modify his or her hours of employment as needed to ensure proper staffing at the Department. 
REPEAL OF COMPENSATION PANELS TO DETER -
MINE MARKET PAY FOR PHYSICIANS AND DEN -
TISTS  Current Law Section 7431 of title 38, U.S.C., establishes a pay system for VA physicians and dentists. The section also mandates that a panel com-prised of physicians or dentists make rec-ommendations on market pay for physicians or dentists. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no comparable provision. House Bill Section 4 of H.R. 5526 would amend section 7431 of title 38, U.S.C., to repeal the require-ment that physician or dental compensation panels be considered when setting market pay for physicians or dentists. Compromise Agreement Section 615 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the House Bill. 
CLARIFICATION REGARDING LIABILITY FOR  
BREACH OF AGREEMENT UNDER DEPARTMENT  
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE  
SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM  Current Law Section 7671 of title 38, U.S.C., authorizes VA to carry out the Employee Incentive Scholarship Program as a tool to recruit and retain health professionals. This program provides education and training scholarships for qualified Veterans Health Administration employees. Under section 7675 of title 38, U.S.C., program participants are liable for the amount which was paid to them or on their behalf if they fail to maintain appro-priate academic standing, are dismissed for disciplinary reasons from the educational in-stitution, voluntarily terminate the edu-cation or training prior to completion, fail to meet licensure requirements, or if the par-ticipant is a part-time student who fails to maintain VA employment while enrolled in a training course. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no comparable provision. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 616 of the Compromise Agreement would amend section 7675 of title 38, U.S.C., to include full-time students as among VA Employee Incentive Scholarship participants liable for the amount which was paid to them or on their behalf, in the event the par-ticipant fails to maintain VA employment. EXTENSION OF PERIOD FOR INCREASE IN GRAD -
UATE MEDICAL EDUCATION RESIDENCY POSI -
TIONS AT MEDICAL FACILITIES OF THE DE -
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law The Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 7302 note) requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of graduate medical education residency posi-tions by 1,500 residency slots during the 5 year period that began 1 year after enact-ment of Public Law 113–146. Senate Bill Section 223 of S. 2921 would amend the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 7302 note) to allow VA an additional 5 years to in-crease the number of graduate medical edu-cation residency positions at medical facili-ties of VA by 1,500 positions. It would also extend for 5 years the requirement that VA submit an annual report to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives on graduate medical edu-cation residency positions at VA medical fa-cilities. House Bill H.R. 4011 contains an identical provision. Compromise Agreement Section 617 of the Compromise Agreement is identical to both the House and Senate provisions. 
REPORT ON PUBLIC ACCESS TO RESEARCH BY  
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Section 7303 of title 38, U.S.C., requires VA to carry out a program of medical research in connection with the provision of medical care and treatment to veterans in order to more effectively carry out the primary func-tion of the Veterans Health Administration to contribute to the Nation’s knowledge about disease and disability. Senate Bill Section 296 of S. 2921 would provide that, not later than 180 days and 1 year after en-actment, VA must submit a report on in-creasing public access to scientific publica-tions and digital data from research funded by VA. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 618 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.105 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7118 December 9, 2016 
AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL  
FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF  
VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Section 8104(a)(2) of title 38, U.S.C., re-quires statutory authorization for all VA major medical facility construction projects. Senate Bill S. 3438 as amended would authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major medical facility project in Reno, Ne-vada, and Long Beach, California. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provisions. Compromise Agreement Section 619 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
SUBTITLE C —TOXIC EXPOSURE  
DEFINITIONS  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 281 of S. 2921 would define the terms Armed Forces, descendant, toxic expo-sure, and veteran for purposes of this sub-title. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 1769 and section 301 of H.R. 5286 would define the terms Armed Force, descendant, exposed, exposure, toxic substance, and veteran for purposes of this subtitle. Compromise Agreement Section 631 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF MEDICINE ASSESSMENT  
ON RESEARCH RELATING TO THE DESCEND -
ANTS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH TOXIC EXPOSURE  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 282 of S. 2921 would require that, not later than 180 days after enactment, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Medicine (hereinafter, ‘‘NAM’’) to conduct an assessment on scientific research relating to the descendants of individuals with toxic exposure. If an agreement cannot be entered into, the Secretary must seek to enter into such an agreement with another appropriate organization. Section 282 would require that the assess-ment include review of the scientific lit-erature regarding toxicological and epide-miological research on descendants of indi-viduals with toxic exposure; an assessment of areas requiring further study; and an as-sessment of the scope and methodology re-quired to conduct adequate research includ-ing the types of individuals to be studied, the number of veterans and descendants to be studied, alternatives for participation, amount of time and resources needed, and the appropriate Federal agencies needed to participate. Section 282 also would require the establishment of categories, including definitions for each category, to be used in assessing the evidence that a particular health condition is related to toxic exposure and an analysis of the feasibility of con-ducting scientific research, the value and relevance of the information that could re-sult from the research, and the feasibility and advisability of assessing additional in-formation held by a Federal agency that may be sensitive. The assessment also would include the identification of a research enti-ty or entities with expertise in conducting research on health conditions of descendants of individuals with toxic exposure and the ability to conduct the recommended re-search. Not later than 2 years after entering into an agreement, section 282 would require the organization to provide a report that in-cludes the results of the assessment con-ducted regarding the scope and methodology required to conduct adequate research and a determination regarding whether the results of such assessment indicate that it is fea-sible to conduct further research, including an explanation of the basis for determina-tion. Not later than 90 days after receiving the results of the assessment and determina-tion, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs must submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and House of Representa-tives a certification of the understanding of the Secretary regarding the feasibility of conducting further research regarding health conditions of descendants of veterans with toxic exposure. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 632 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. ADVISORY BOARD ON RESEARCH RELATING TO  
HEALTH CONDITIONS OF DESCENDANTS OF  
VETERANS WITH TOXIC EXPOSURE WHILE  
SERVING IN THE ARMED FORCES  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 283 of S. 2921 would require that, unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs cer-tifies that it is not feasible to conduct fur-ther research, not later than 180 days after receiving the assessment from the NAM, the Secretary establish an advisory board to ad-vise the Secretary in the selection of a re-search entity or entities, advise the entity or entities in conducting research and advise the Secretary with respect to the activities of the entity or entities. The advisory board would consist of 13 voting members with not less than two members of organizations with tax exempt status, two descendants of vet-erans with toxic exposure, and seven health professionals, scientists or academics with expertise in research. It is the intent of the Senate that the Secretary select health pro-fessionals, scientists, or academics to serve on the advisory board that are highly quali-fied in their respective fields and have peer- reviewed published work. The advisory board would advise the Secretary in the selection of a research entity or entities, advise the entity and assess the activities of the entity in conducting research, develop a research strategy for the entity or entities, advise the Secretary with respect to the activities of the entity or entities, submit recommenda-tions for the annual report, and meet not less frequently than semiannually with the Secretary and representatives of the entity or entities. House Bill Section 4 of H.R. 1769 and section 303 of H.R. 5286 would require that, within 180 days of enactment, VA establish an advisory board to oversee and assess the National Center established under section 3 of H.R. 1769 and section 302 of H.R. 5286. It would re-quire that, within 120 days of enactment, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, and other heads of Federal agen-cies as the Secretary determines appropriate select no less than 13 voting members with not less than three members of organizations with tax exempt status, not less than one de-scendant of a veteran exposed to toxic sub-stances who has manifested a structural or functional birth defect or a health condition that is related to the toxic exposure, or a parent or child of that descendant, not less than six health professionals, scientists, or academics who are not employees of the Fed-eral Government and have expertise in re-search. The Secretary may select additional members from among social workers and ad-vocates for veterans or members of the Armed Forces who are not employees of the Federal Government and nonvoting members who are employees of the Federal Govern-ment with expertise in research. The advi-sory board would meet quarterly with the National Center, review the annual report submitted by the National Center and advise the Secretary with respect to the National Center’s work and issues related to the health conditions of descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances, including any determinations or recommendations that the advisory board may have with respect to the feasibility and advisability of the Depart-ment providing health care services to de-scendants. No later than 1 year after the es-tablishment of the advisory board and not less than 1 year thereafter, the board would be required to submit a report with rec-ommendations for administrative and legis-lative action to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives and to the Secretary. Compromise Agreement Section 633 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill, as well as the intent expressed by the Senate. 
RESEARCH RELATING TO HEALTH CONDITIONS OF  
DESCENDANTS OF VETERANS WITH TOXIC EX -
POSURE WHILE SERVING IN THE ARMED  
FORCES  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sion. Senate Bill Section 284 of S. 2921 would require, unless the Secretary certifies that it is not feasible to conduct further research, not later than 1 year after receiving the results and deter-mination from the NAM, the Secretary to enter into an agreement with one or more re-search entities to conduct research on health conditions of descendants of veterans with toxic exposure while serving as members of the Armed Forces. The research entity or entities would as-sess, using the categories established in sec-tion 282, the extent to which a health condi-tion of a descendant of a veteran is related to toxic exposure of the veteran while serv-ing as a member of the Armed Forces. The entity would be allowed to study individuals as identified in the assessment in section 282, which includes veterans with toxic exposure and the descendants of those veterans. The Senate encourages the research entity, as feasible, to examine the role of epigenetics on male reproduction as it relates to toxic exposure among veterans. The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs would be required to make available to the research entity records held by VA, the Department of Defense, the Armed Forces, or any other Federal agency, as appropriate, that the research entity determines are nec-essary. The Secretaries would jointly estab-lish a mechanism for access. Not later than 1 year after commencing the research, and not later than September 30 each year thereafter, the research entity would, in consultation with the advisory board, submit to the Secretary and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.106 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7119 December 9, 2016 
and House of Representatives a report on the functions of the research entity during the preceding year. The report would include a summary of the research efforts, a descrip-tion of any findings made, and recommenda-tions for administrative or legislative action made by the advisory board, which may in-clude recommendations for further research. Upon request from any 501(c)(19) tax exempt organization, the Secretary may transmit to the organization a copy of the report. House Bill Section 3 of H.R. 1769 and section 302 of H.R. 5286 would require that, no later than 1 year after enactment, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs select, in consultation with the advisory board established under section 4 of H.R. 1769 and section 303 of H.R. 5286, a VA medical center to serve as the national cen-ter for research on the diagnosis and treat-ment of health conditions of descendants of individuals exposed to toxic substances while serving as a member of the Armed Forces that are related to such exposure. The Na-tional Center must be selected from among VA’s medical centers with expertise in diag-nosing and treating functional and struc-tural birth defects, or expertise in caring for individuals exposed to toxic substances and diagnosing and treating any health condi-tions resulting from such exposure or med-ical centers that are affiliated with research medical centers or teaching hospitals with such expertise. The Center would be required to study individuals that are a descendant of a member of the Armed Forces and such member was exposed to a toxic substance while serving as a member of the Armed Forces and such descendant is afflicted with a health condition that is related to the ex-posure of such member to such toxic sub-stance and individuals that were exposed to a toxic substance while serving as a member of the Armed Forces and are afflicted with a health condition that is related to the expo-sure. Not less than once a year, the National Center must submit to Congress and the ad-visory board a report that includes the re-search efforts that have been completed dur-ing that year, and efforts that are ongoing as of the date of submittal of the report. Section 5 of H.R. 1769 and section 305 of H.R. 5286 would require the Secretary of De-fense to conduct a declassification review to determine what information may be made publicly available relating to any known in-cident in which no less than 100 members of the Armed Forces were exposed to a toxic substance that resulted in at least one case of a disability that a specialist in the field of occupational medicine has determined to be credibly associated with that toxic sub-stance. To the extent possible and consistent with national security, the Secretary would be required to make publicly available the information declassified following the re-view. Section 5 of H.R. 1769 and section 305 of H.R. 5286 would require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary of Defense, to conduct a national outreach and education campaign directed toward members of the Armed Forces, vet-erans, and their family members to commu-nicate (1) information on incidents of expo-sure of members of the Armed Forces to toxic substances, health conditions resulting from such exposure, and the potential long- term effects of such exposure on the individ-uals exposed to those substances and the de-scendants of those individuals and (2) infor-mation on the National Center established under section 302 for individuals eligible to participate in studies conducted at the Na-tional Center. Compromise Agreement Section 634 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill, as well as the intent expressed by the Senate. T
ITLE VII—H OMELESSNESS MATTERS  
SUBTITLE A —ACCESS OF HOMELESS VETERANS  
TO BENEFITS  
EXPANSION OF DEFINITION OF HOMELESS VET -
ERAN FOR PURPOSES OF BENEFITS UNDER THE  
LAWS ADMINISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF  
VETERANS AFFAIRS  Current Law Section 2002 of title 38, U.S.C., defines ‘‘homeless veteran,’’ for purposes of eligi-bility for VA homeless programs, as the term is defined in section 103(a) of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (section 11302(a) of title 42, U.S.C.). Congress amended the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act in 2009 to include homeless individuals or families fleeing their residence as a result of domestic or other life-threatening situa-tions. VA’s definition of homeless veteran has not been updated to reflect this change. Senate Bill Section 601 of S. 2921 would amend section 2002 in title 38, U.S.C., so that the VA defini-tion of homeless would include those individ-uals described in section 11302(b) of title 42, U.S.C., such as those fleeing domestic vio-lence. Section 4 of S. 1731 as amended would de-fine veteran for purposes of certain VA pro-grams, including the Grant and Per Diem (hereinafter, ‘‘GPD’’) program and the Sup-portive Services for Very-Low Income Vet-eran Families (hereinafter, ‘‘SSVF’’) pro-gram, as a person who served in the active military, naval, or air service, regardless of length of service, and who was discharged or released. This would not include a person who received a dishonorable discharge or a discharge by reason of a general court mar-tial. House Bill Section 1 of H.R. 272 and section 3 of H.R. 2256 as amended would amend section 2002 in title 38, U.S.C., so that the VA definition of homeless would include those individuals de-scribed in section 11302(b) of title 42, U.S.C., such as those fleeing domestic violence. The House Bills are similar to section 601 of S. 2921. The House Bills contain no comparable provision to section 4 of S. 1731 as amended. Compromise Agreement Section 701(1) of the Compromise Agree-ment follows the language in both the Sen-ate and House Bills. Section 701(2) follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
AUTHORIZATION TO FURNISH CERTAIN BENEFITS  
TO HOMELESS VETERANS WITH DISCHARGES OR  
RELEASES UNDER OTHER THAN HONORABLE  
CONDITIONS  Current Law Section 5303 of title 38, U.S.C., requires that individuals be barred from receiving VA benefits under certain conditions. Senate Bill Section 3 of S. 1731 as amended would amend section 5303 of title 38, U.S.C., to ex-empt homeless veterans from being disquali-fied from receiving services through VA’s GPD program and SSVF program as a result of a discharge or dismissal from the Armed Forces under conditions other than honor-able, except for discharge by reason of a gen-eral court-martial. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 702 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. WAIVER OF MINIMUM PERIOD OF CONTINUOUS AC -
TIVE DUTY IN ARMED FORCES FOR CERTAIN  
BENEFITS FOR HOMELESS VETERANS  Current Law Section 5303A of title 38, U.S.C., requires veterans who entered into service after Sep-tember 7, 1980, to have completed the shorter of 24 months of continuous active duty or the full period for which the veteran was called to active duty to be eligible for VA health benefits. Section 5303A of title 38, U.S.C., in-cludes a number of exceptions to this re-quirement. Senate Bill Section 2 of S. 1731 as amended would amend section 5303A(b)(3) of title 38, U.S.C., to include among the exceptions to the min-imum period of continuous active duty serv-ice requirement, homeless veterans eligible for VA’s GPD program and SSVF program. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 703 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
TRAINING OF PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT  
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND GRANT RECIPIENTS  Current Law Section 2012 of title 38, U.S.C., requires VA to award grants and provide per diem pay-ments to public and non-profit private enti-ties operating transitional housing facilities and supportive services programs for vet-erans. Section 2044 of title 38, U.S.C., re-quires VA to provide financial assistance to eligible entities to provide and coordinate the provision of supportive services for very low-income veteran families occupying per-manent housing. Senate Bill Section 5 of S. 1731 as amended would re-quire VA to provide training and education on the implementation of this title and the amendments made by this subtitle to VA staff supporting or administering VA home-less programs and recipients of grants or other funding to carry out the GPD or SSVF program. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 704 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
REGULATIONS  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sions. Senate Bill Section 7 of S. 1731 as amended would re-quire VA to prescribe regulations not later than 270 days after the date of enactment to ensure that VA is in compliance with this title and the amendments made by this sub-title. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 705 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sions. Senate Bill Section 8 of S. 1731 as amended would re-quire that this subtitle and amendments made by the subtitle apply to individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.107 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7120 December 9, 2016 
seeking VA homeless benefits under chapter 20 of title 38, U.S.C., before, on, and after the date of enactment. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 706 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. The intent of Congress is that those previously found ineligible for services through VA’s GPD and SSVF programs would have the op-portunity to receive a new review for eligi-bility should they still need services from ei-ther of those programs. 
SUBTITLE B —OTHER HOMELESSNESS MATTERS  
INCREASED PER DIEM PAYMENTS FOR TRANSI -
TIONAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE THAT BECOMES  
PERMANENT HOUSING FOR HOMELESS VET -
ERANS  Current Law Current law, section 2012 of title 38, U.S.C., requires VA to award grants and provide per diem payments to public and non-profit pri-vate entities operating transitional housing facilities and supportive services programs for veterans. The per diem payment, which is set at a maximum of $43.32 per day, per vet-eran housed, is calculated based on the daily cost of care, but may not exceed the rate paid to State homes for domiciliary care. Senate Bill Section 602 of S. 2921 would amend section 2012(a)(2) of title 38, U.S.C., to increase the maximum per diem rate for homeless vet-eran service providers participating in the Transition in Place program to compensate for an increase in operational costs. Section 602 would also authorize the per diem rate VA provides to certain entities that provide services to homeless veterans to exceed the rate paid to State homes in the case of serv-ices provided to a homeless veteran who is placed in housing that will become perma-nent housing upon termination of those serv-ices (transition-in-place). In those cases, the maximum per diem would be 150 percent of the State home rate. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 711 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
PROGRAM TO IMPROVE RETENTION OF HOUSING  
BY FORMERLY HOMELESS VETERANS AND VET -
ERANS AT RISK OF BECOMING HOMELESS  Current Law Current law, section 2012 of title 38, U.S.C., requires VA to award grants and provide per diem payments to public and non-profit pri-vate entities operating transitional housing facilities and supportive services programs for veterans. Senate Bill Section 604 of S. 2921 would amend title 38, U.S.C., to redesignate current section 2013 as 2014 and insert a new section 2013 to require VA to carry out a program to increase hous-ing stability and retention by providing grants to community organizations that pro-vide case management to formerly homeless veterans. These organizations should include those that are successfully providing or have successfully provided transitional housing services under sections 2012 or 2016 of title 38, U.S.C. This section would require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to give grant pro-vision priority to an organization that vol-untarily stops receiving per diem payments and converts an existing transitional hous-ing facility into a permanent housing facil-ity. This section would also require VA to submit a report to Congress within 1 year of enactment to assess the new program. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 712 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL CENTER ON  
HOMELESSNESS AMONG VETERANS  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sions. Senate Bill Subsection (a) of section 606 of S. 2921 would add a new section 2067 to title 38, U.S.C., to codify the existing National Cen-ter on Homelessness Among Veterans (here-inafter, ‘‘NCHAV’’). This would require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to oversee a center that operates independently of other VA homelessness programs. Subsection (a) of new section 2067 of title 38, U.S.C., would re-quire that the NCHAV implement the fol-lowing functions: carry out and promote re-search into the causes of and contributing factors to veteran homelessness; assess the effectiveness of VA programs to meet the needs of homeless veterans; identify and dis-seminate best practices with regard to hous-ing stabilization, income support, employ-ment assistance, community partnerships, and other matters as the Secretary deems appropriate; integrate evidence-based best practices, policies, and programs into VA programs for homeless veterans and ensure VA staff and community partners are effec-tively able to implement them; and serve as a resource center for all research and train-ing activities carried out by VA, Federal en-tities, and community partners to promote the exchange of information with respect to veteran homelessness. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 713 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. 
REQUIREMENT FOR DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS TO ASSESS COMPREHENSIVE SERVICE  
PROGRAMS FOR HOMELESS VETERANS  Current Law Section 2012 of title 38, U.S.C., requires VA to award grants and provide per diem pay-ments to public and non-profit private enti-ties operating transitional housing facilities and supportive services programs for vet-erans. Senate Bill Section 610 of S. 2921 would require VA to assess and measure the capacity of GPD pro-grams, including how well they achieve their stated goals at the national level, place-ments in permanent housing and employ-ment, and increases in the regular income of participants in the programs. In conducting the required assessment, VA should develop and use tools to examine the capacity of the programs at the national and local levels. The section would also require VA to utilize information collected under this section to set specific goals to ensure the GPD pro-grams are effectively serving homeless vet-erans, to assess whether the programs are meeting the specific goals, to inform funding allocations for the programs, and to improve the referral of homeless veterans to GPD programs. VA would be required to submit a report to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives on the assessment and include recommenda-tions for legislative and administrative ac-tions for improving the programs. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 714 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill. REPORT ON OUTREACH RELATING TO INCREASING  
THE AMOUNT OF HOUSING AVAILABLE TO VET -
ERANS  Current Law Current law contains no relevant provi-sions. Senate Bill Section 611 of S. 2921, in a freestanding pro-vision, would require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report describing and as-sessing VA outreach to realtors, landlords, property management companies, and devel-opers to educate them about the housing needs of veterans as well as the benefits of having veterans as tenants. House Bill The House Bills contain no comparable provision. Compromise Agreement Section 715 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the Senate Bill, ex-cept that it would require the report to also be submitted to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Financial Services Committee of the House of Representatives. T
ITLE VIII—O THER MATTERS  
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
CONSTRUCTION REFORMS  Current Law Section 8104(a)(2) of title 38, U.S.C., re-quires statutory authorization for all VA major medical facility construction projects and requires VA to notify the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives prior to obligating any unobligated amounts in the Construction, Major Projects account that are a direct result of bid savings from a major construction project. Senate Bill The Senate Bills contain no comparable provision. House Bill Section 2 of H.R. 3106 as amended would re-quire the use of industry standards, standard designs, and best practices for VA medical facility construction projects; require VA to ensure that relevant employees have ongoing professional training and development re-garding industry standards and best prac-tices; prohibit VA from obligating/expending funds for advance planning or design for any super construction project until 60 days after congressional notification; prohibit VA from obligating funds for a major medical facility project/super construction project by more than 10 percent of the amount approved by law without congressional approval; prohibit VA from using bid savings amounts/funds for other than their original purpose before 30 days after notifying the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate un-less each committee approves the obligation; require VA to report to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use of bid savings; require quarterly re-ports on super construction projects; and re-quire VA to complete a master plan for each VA medical facility. Section 3 of H.R. 3106 as amended would create, within VA’s Office of the Inspector General, an Assistant Inspector General for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.108 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7121 December 9, 2016 
Construction to conduct, supervise, and co-ordinate audits, evaluations, and investiga-tions into the planning, design, contracting, execution, and construction of VA facilities and infrastructure. Compromise Agreement Section 801 of the Compromise Agreement follows the language in the House Bill. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 6416) was passed. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMBAT-INJURED VETERANS TAX FAIRNESS ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5015, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5015) to restore amounts im-properly withheld for tax purposes from sev-erance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combat-related injuries, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5015) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the consideration of the following Senate resolutions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 635, S. Res. 636, S. Res. 637, S. Res. 638, and S. Res. 639. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— H.R. 5456 Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, in just a few minutes, because it is very late or very early, if one might characterize the hour of the morning, I will be offer-ing a unanimous consent request to pass Calendar No. 527, H.R. 5456, the Family First Prevention Services Act. Just to give a short description of this bill, there has been an enormous amount of bipartisan effort and good will to enact this legislation that many policy experts consider the most sig-nificant improvement in child welfare policy in decades. In the other body, the legislation passed unanimously, and there was su-perb work done by Chairman B
RADY , the Speaker, Congressman R
YAN, VERN B
UCHANAN . There was a whole host of colleagues on the Democratic side, S
ANDY LEVIN, L LOYD DOGGETT , and Leader P
ELOSI , a whole host of Mem-bers and enormous effort. You had the leadership, the Ways and Means Com-mittee. They came together and passed the legislation unanimously. The reason they did is, 500 organiza-tions, groups representing children and pediatricians and the Catholic bishops, the Children’s Defense Fund, all came together. They said the current policy today with respect to vulnerable chil-dren just defies common sense. In ef-fect, you cannot get help to the fami-lies when it really is most critical. When a family member or parent, for example, is dealing with drug abuse or mental health or a challenge where, if they were able to get a modest amount of assistance, the family could come together again and be healthy, the youngster would be able to stay in the home. Very often, in these kinds of in-stances, a grandparent or an uncle, if we made some modest changes in Fed-eral policy, could step up as well— something I feel very strongly about having written the kinship care law a number of years ago to reward grand-parents, aunts, and uncles when they could meet the strict standards for qualifying to take care of a youngster in these circumstances. Chairman H
ATCH , Chairman G RASS -
LEY, and many of our senior Members have worked very hard with me and our colleague Senator B
ENNET from Colorado, who has devoted an enor-mous amount of attention to the needs of youngsters. I have been on the floor tonight really for the last 5 or 6 hours trying to resolve remaining concerns. Now, we had a hotline months and months ago on this bill, and there real-ly wasn’t much reaction at the outset, and finally there were three Members who had concerns, and we moved to ad-dress them. Chairman B
RADY has been particularly gracious on the other side of the Capitol, saying if a State needed more time, if there were questions with respect to whether they could meet some of the criteria, he was open to giving them that kind of additional time. I will tell my colleagues: I told my constituents this fall that probably nothing is more important to me than to come back here and pursue what I call principled bipartisanship. Biparti-sanship is not about taking each oth-er’s bad ideas. Anybody can do that. That is a piece of cake. Principled bi-partisanship is about taking good ideas from both sides of the aisle. For example, I know that with the Presiding Officer, there was a question about the type of providers in his home State that might be eligible for this service. So we said we had heard from a number of conservatives that they wanted to make sure that one type of provider over another wasn’t favored. So we said all of the providers can par-ticipate as long as they meet the qual-ity standards. That was essentially a conservative concept. We had a number on our side of the aisle who wanted to make sure there really were wrap-around services for these kinds of families. There is good foster care. Nobody has ever said that is not the case. But we know that Fed-eral policy shouldn’t create an incen-tive to rip these families apart. It should create incentives to keep fami-lies together. So I wanted to come tonight and make one more appeal to pass what is, according to many of the most authori-tative experts of child welfare, the most significant improvement in child welfare law in decades. There are no objections on our side of the aisle. This is the second time I brought up this unanimous consent re-quest, and no Senator has come to the floor on the other side of the aisle to raise an objection in terms of policy and substance. Frankly, I wish that somebody would, because I think we could accommodate them. Because of the graciousness of Chairman BRADY , the Republican chair on the other side, I think we could accommodate them. But no Senator has come now, for the second time this week, to actually offer a substantive objection. So if you want what I call principled bipartisanship, which is what Chair-man H
ATCH , Chairman G RASSLEY , Chairman B
RADY —so many colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been working for—we have to have col-leagues who will come and actually voice their substantive objection. I am making it clear again tonight that if anyone on the other side of the aisle has a substantive objection, my guess is we could resolve it, because there has been a lot of goodwill on both sides. But if people won’t come and make a substantive objection, then it is hard to know what might satisfy them and allow us to proceed with this very important child welfare reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.109 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7122 December 9, 2016 
So I want it understood that I am going to prosecute this case of improv-ing the lives of these vulnerable young-sters and these families for as long as I have the honor to represent Oregon in the Senate. I think this is what public service is supposed to be all about. I will continue to work in a bipartisan way. I think that is how we tackle the big issues, the big challenges facing our country. Nobody really has enough votes to have it all their way. Cer-tainly, if you want a policy that you can sustain, it has to be bipartisan. So we are going to stay at this until we get it done. With that in mind, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 527, H.R. 5456, the Family First Prevention Services Act, that the Wyden substitute amendment be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I do not personally object to this bill, but on behalf of Senator E
NZI, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess subject to the call of the Chair. There being no objection, the Senate, at 2:56 a.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 3:35 a.m. when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEATH OF JOHN GLENN, FORMER SENATOR FOR THE STATE OF OHIO AND THE FIRST INDIVIDUAL FROM THE UNITED STATES TO ORBIT THE EARTH Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 640, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 640) recognizing the death of John Glenn, former Senator for the State of Ohio and the first individual from the United States to orbit the Earth. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 640) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ap-preciate the fact that the Senate has just adopted a resolution honoring John Glenn. In fact, if you look at this resolution, at the end of it, it indicates that the adjournment today will be an adjournment in further respect to the memory of the late John Glenn. I ap-preciate the fact that the Senate has done that as well. I spoke on the floor yesterday regard-ing my friend John Glenn, and my col-league S
HERROD BROWN and I have in-troduced this resolution. Senator B
ROWN also spoke with regard to John Glenn’s incredible life history. This is a true icon whom we have lost, sadly, this week at the age of 95. He was a true hero in so many re-spects. Long before he was an astro-naut, he was a hero as a marine avi-ator. He actually flew 59 combat mis-sions in World War II. He also flew combat missions in the Korean war and was highly decorated. After that, he was a test pilot. In fact, he broke the transcontinental speed record as a test pilot before becoming an astronaut. As an astronaut, we all know the story of Friendship 7, a capsule about the size of two or three of these desks. You can see it at the Air and Space Museum. He somehow was able to get inside of this capsule and orbit the Earth at a time when the United States was in a space race with the So-viet Union, and his splashing down in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the Caribbean was considered to be a major change in terms of the U.S. positioning on space and our ability to show that yes, U.S. technology and innovation could work. He then came to the U.S. Congress to speak to a joint session of Congress. Imagine that. At age 40, you have an astronaut speaking to a joint session— something normally reserved for heads of state. He then was successful in business and decided that he actually would want to try his hand in politics. After his military service, he decided to try public service and of course became a Senator from the State of Ohio. I had the honor, and I am humbled, to be in the seat he once held. A couple of weeks ago, I called Sen-ator Glenn to ask him to walk down this aisle with me on January 3 of next year in just a few weeks while I was being sworn in for the second time in his seat. I will say he was not just re-elected, he was reelected with resound-ing numbers. At the end of the day, he ended up being the longest serving U.S. Senator ever in the history of our State. After this amazing career in the mili-tary, as an astronaut, and then serving in the Senate, he ended up being the longest representative ever from the Buckeye State. What an amazing guy. After he left, he went to the Ohio State University and asked if they would like to start a leadership insti-tute to encourage public service called the Glenn Institute, and it later be-came the Glenn School. I actually taught there. Before running for the U.S. Senate, I taught four courses there; I co-taught with a wonderful professor there at the Glenn School. I also joined the board of advisors at John Glenn’s request, and I am still on that board. In fact, we had a meeting in October, only about 6 weeks ago, where John Glenn presided. He chaired the meeting, as he always does. He was in good humor. He was energetic. He was energized about a new project—a leadership institute for young legisla-tors to help encourage even more peo-ple to not just get into public service but to gain the skills to be better pub-lic servants. That is what really ex-cited him. I had the privilege of getting to know him through the work we did also in the U.S. Senate and in the House of Representatives. I was in the House, he was in the Senate. One of the passions he had was to ensure that we had good government in this country, and that included not having the Federal Gov-ernment send unfunded mandates down to the State and local governments. So I was the House author on the Repub-lican side, he was the Senate author on the Democratic side, and that legisla-tion was passed to curb unfunded man-dates and went to the desk of President Clinton for signature. I got to be in the Rose Garden with Senator Glenn for that signing ceremony. What an honor to be with him. He was a guy who was willing to take on tasks like that, even when, perhaps, it wasn’t as popular in his party as it was in ours. So I stand here today as someone who has benefited from the model of service that he has shown our country. I will say, too, that my wife Jane and I benefited from the model Annie Glenn and John Glenn have shown. I believe they were married for 76 years, and they knew each other when they were children. Never was Annie Glenn far from his side—an incredible woman in her own right, a brave and coura-geous woman who overcame some ob-stacles in her life that became very public. Her stuttering, and her ability to get over that disability, gave hope to so many people. Young people par-ticularly all over the country continue to look to Annie Glenn as a great hero. But Annie Glen was not just at his side; they were partners in everything, and she was the indispensable partner. Our condolences today from the en-tire U.S. Senate to Annie Glenn, to the Glenn family, whom he loved so dearly, and to our State of Ohio, which has lost a true icon, a true American hero. Tom Wolfe wrote a book called ‘‘The Right Stuff.’’ John Glenn was one of those Friendship astronauts who were part of the right stuff. Today, as we ad-journ, we pay tribute to John Glenn, who had the right stuff and who showed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.140 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7123 December 9, 2016 
us how someone, as a public servant, can make a difference and encourage others to do the same. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess subject to the call of the Chair. There being no objection, the Senate, at 3:43 a.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 6:22 a.m. when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
HONORING IN PRAISE AND RE-MEMBRANCE THE EXTRAOR-DINARY LIFE, STEADY LEADER-SHIP, AND REMARKABLE, 70– YEAR REIGN OF KING BHUMIBOL ADULYADEJ OF THAILAND Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, we have our work cut out for us this morn-ing. I start by asking unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consid-eration of Calendar No. 710, S. Con. Res. 57. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 57) honoring in praise and remembrance the ex-traordinary life, steady leadership, and re-markable, 70-year reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolution be agreed to, the Hatch amendment to the preamble be agreed to, the preamble, as amended, be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 57) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 5174) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To make a correction) In the 8th whereas clause, strike ‘‘2006’’ and insert ‘‘2009’’. S. C
ON. RES. 57 Whereas His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej enjoyed a special relationship with the United States, having been born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1927 while his father was completing his medical studies at Harvard University; Whereas King Bhumibol Adulyadej as-cended to the throne on June 9, 1946, and celebrated his 70th year as King of Thailand in 2016; Whereas at the time of his death, King Bhumibol Adulyadej was the longest-serving head of state in the world and the longest- reigning monarch in the history of Thailand; Whereas His Majesty dedicated his life to the well-being of the Thai people and the sustainable development of Thailand; Whereas His Majesty led by example and virtue with the interest of the people at heart, earning His Majesty the deep rev-erence of the Thai people and the respect of people around the world; Whereas His Majesty reached out to the poorest and most vulnerable people of Thai-land, regardless of their status, ethnicity, or religion, listened to their problems, and em-powered them to take their lives into their own hands; Whereas in 2006, His Majesty received the first United Nations Human Development Award, recognizing him as the ‘‘Development King’’ for the extraordinary contribution of His Majesty to human development; Whereas His Majesty was recognized inter-nationally in the areas of intellectual prop-erty, innovation, and creativity, and in 2009, the World Intellectual Property Organiza-tion presented His Majesty with the Global Leadership Award; Whereas His Majesty was an anchor of peace and stability for Thailand during the turbulent decades of the Cold War; Whereas His Majesty was always a trusted friend of the United States in advancing a strong and enduring alliance and partnership between the United States and Thailand; Whereas His Majesty addressed a joint ses-sion of Congress on June 29, 1960, during which His Majesty reaffirmed the strong friendship and goodwill between the United States and Thailand; Whereas the United States and Thailand remain strong security allies, as memorial-ized in the Southeast Asia Collective Defense Treaty (commonly known as the ‘‘Manila Pact of 1954’’) and later expanded under the Thanat-Rusk Communique of 1962; Whereas for decades, Thailand has hosted the annual Cobra Gold military exercises, the largest multilateral exercises in Asia, to improve regional defense cooperation; Whereas Thailand has allowed the Armed Forces of the United States to use the Utapao Air Base to coordinate international humanitarian relief efforts; Whereas President George W. Bush des-ignated Thailand as a major non-NATO ally on December 30, 2003; Whereas close cooperation and mutual sac-rifices in the face of common threats have bound the United States and Thailand to-gether and established a firm foundation for the advancement of a mutually beneficial re-lationship; and Whereas, on October 13, 2016, at the age of 88, His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej passed away, leaving behind a lasting legacy for Thailand: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) honors the extraordinary life, steady leadership, and remarkable, 70-year reign of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand; (2) extends our deepest sympathies to the members of the Royal Family and to the people of Thailand in their bereavement; and (3) celebrates the alliance and friendship between Thailand and the United States that reflects common interests, a 183-year diplo-matic history, and a multifaceted partner-ship that has contributed to peace, stability, and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region. f 
FRANK R. WOLF INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 705, H.R. 1150. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 1150) to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterter-rorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE AND TABLE OF CON-TENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; policy; sense of Congress. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Office on International Religious Freedom; Ambassador at Large for International Religious Free-dom. Sec. 102. Annual Report on International Reli-gious Freedom. Sec. 103. Training for Foreign Service officers; report. Sec. 104. Prisoner lists and issue briefs on reli-gious freedom concerns. TITLE II—NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL Sec. 201. Special Adviser for International Reli-gious Freedom. TITLE III—PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS Sec. 301. Non-state actor designations. Sec. 302. Presidential actions in response to particularly severe violations of religious freedom. Sec. 303. Report to Congress. Sec. 304. Presidential waiver. Sec. 305. Publication in the Federal Register. TITLE IV—PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Sec. 401. Assistance for promoting religious freedom. TITLE V—DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Sec. 501. Designated Persons List for Particu-larly Severe Violations of Reli-gious Freedom. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 601. Miscellaneous provisions. Sec. 602. Clerical amendments. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; POLICY; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 2(a) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘The free-dom of thought, conscience, and religion is un-derstood to protect theistic and non-theistic be-liefs and the right not to profess or practice any religion.’’ before ‘‘Governments’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A policy or practice of routinely de-nying applications for visas for religious work-ers in a country can be indicative of a poor state of religious freedom in that country.’’; and (3) in paragraph (6)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.141 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7124 December 9, 2016 
(A) by inserting ‘‘and the specific targeting of non-theists, humanists, and atheists because of their beliefs’’ after ‘‘religious persecution’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and in regions where non- state actors exercise significant political power and territorial control’’ before the period at the end. (b) P
OLICY .—Section 2(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E); (2) by striking the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), as redesignated, and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The following shall be the policy of the United States:’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
VOLVING POLICIES AND COORDINATED  
DIPLOMATIC RESPONSES .—Because the promotion of international religious freedom protects human rights, advances democracy abroad, and advances United States interests in stability, se-curity, and development globally, the promotion of international religious freedom requires new and evolving policies and diplomatic responses that— ‘‘(A) are drawn from the expertise of the na-tional security agencies, the diplomatic services, and other governmental agencies and non-governmental organizations; and ‘‘(B) are coordinated across and carried out by the entire range of Federal agencies.’’. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) a policy or practice by the government of any foreign country of routinely denying visa applications for religious workers can be indic-ative of a poor state of religious freedom in that country; and (2) the United States Government should seek to reverse any such policy by reviewing the en-tirety of the bilateral relationship between such country and the United States. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (13) as para-graph (16); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (10), (11), and (12) as paragraphs (12), (13), and (14), respec-tively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). ‘‘(11) N
ON-STATE ACTOR .—The term ‘non-state actor’ means a nonsovereign entity that— ‘‘(A) exercises significant political power and territorial control; ‘‘(B) is outside the control of a sovereign gov-ernment; and ‘‘(C) often employs violence in pursuit of its objectives.’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (14), as redes-ignated, the following: ‘‘(15) S
PECIAL WATCH LIST .—The term ‘Special Watch List’ means the Special Watch List de-scribed in section 402(b)(1)(A)(iii).’’; and (5) in paragraph (16), as redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (v) and (vi), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after clause (iii) the following: ‘‘(iv) not professing a particular religion, or any religion;’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘conscience, non-theistic views, or’’ before ‘‘religious belief or practice’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘forcibly compelling non-be-lievers or non-theists to recant their beliefs or to convert,’’ after ‘‘forced religious conversion,’’. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE ACTIVITIES SEC. 101. OFFICE ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM; AMBASSADOR AT LARGE FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101 of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, and shall report directly to the Secretary of State’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘responsibility’’ and inserting ‘‘responsibilities’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘shall be to advance’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘shall be to— ‘‘(A) advance’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) integrate United States international re-ligious freedom policies and strategies into the foreign policy efforts of the United States.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the prin-cipal adviser to’’ before ‘‘the Secretary of State’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) contacts with nongovernmental organi-zations that have an impact on the state of reli-gious freedom in their respective societies or re-gions, or internationally.’’; (D) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION RESPONSIBILITIES .—In order to promote religious freedom as an interest of United States foreign policy, the Ambassador at Large— ‘‘(A) shall coordinate international religious freedom policies across all programs, projects, and activities of the United States; and ‘‘(B) should participate in any interagency processes on issues in which the promotion of international religious freedom policy can ad-vance United States national security interests, including in democracy promotion, stability, se-curity, and development globally.’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘staff for the Office’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘ade-quate staff for the Office, including full-time equivalent positions and any other temporary staff positions needed to compile, edit, and man-age the Annual Report under the direct super-vision of the Ambassador at Large, and for the conduct of investigations by the Office and for necessary travel to carry out this Act. The Sec-retary of State should provide the Ambassador at Large with sufficient funding to carry out the duties described in this section, including, as necessary, representation funds. On the date on which the President’s annual budget request is submitted to Congress, the Secretary shall sub-mit an annual report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that includes a report on staffing levels for the International Religious Freedom Office.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) periodic severe understaffing in the past has hindered the vital work of the International Religious Freedom Office; and (2) maintaining an adequate staffing level at the Office, such as was in place during fiscal year 2016, is necessary for the Office to carry on its vital work. 
SEC. 102. ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘September 1’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘as well as the routine denial of visa ap-plications for religious workers;’’; (B) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) particularly severe violations of religious freedom in that country if such country does not have a functioning government or the gov-ernment of such country does not control its ter-ritory; ‘‘(v) the identification of prisoners, to the ex-tent possible, in that country pursuant to sec-tion 108(d); ‘‘(vi) any action taken by the government of that country to censor religious content, commu-nications, or worship activities online, including descriptions of the targeted religious group, the content, communication, or activities censored, and the means used; and’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i)— (A) by inserting ‘‘persecution of lawyers, poli-ticians, or other human rights advocates seeking to defend the rights of members of religious groups or highlight religious freedom violations, prohibitions on ritual animal slaughter or male infant circumcision,’’ after ‘‘entire religions,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘policies that ban or restrict the public manifestation of religious belief and the peaceful involvement of religious groups or their members in the political life of each such foreign country,’’ after ‘‘such groups,’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘A de-scription of United States actions and’’ and in-serting ‘‘A detailed description of United States actions, diplomatic and political coordination efforts, and other’’; and (5) in subparagraph (F)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 402(b)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 402(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any country in which a non-state actor designated as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act is located shall be included in this section of the report.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the original intent of the International Re-ligious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.) was to require annual reports from both the Department of State and the Commission on International Religious Freedom to be delivered each year, during the same calendar year, and with at least 5 months separating these reports, in order to provide updated information for pol-icymakers, Members of Congress, and non-governmental organizations; and (2) given that the annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices no longer contain up-dated information on religious freedom condi-tions globally, it is important that the Depart-ment of State coordinate with the Commission to fulfill the original intent of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. 
SEC. 103. TRAINING FOR FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-CERS; REPORT. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO FOREIGN SERVICE ACT OF  1980.—Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘H
UMAN RIGHTS , R
ELIGIOUS FREEDOM , ANDHUMAN TRAFFICKING  T
RAINING .—The Secretary of State’’; (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) A
DDITIONAL TRAINING .—Not later than the one year after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Free-dom Act, the Director of the George P. Shultz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.119 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7125 December 9, 2016 
National Foreign Affairs Training Center shall begin mandatory training on religious freedom for all Foreign Service officers, including all entry level officers, all officers prior to depar-ture for posting outside the United States, and all outgoing deputy chiefs of mission and am-bassadors. Such training shall be a separate, independent, and required segment of each of— ‘‘(1) the A–100 course attended by all Foreign Service officers; ‘‘(2) the courses required of every Foreign Service officer prior to a posting outside the United States, with segments tailored to the par-ticular religious demography, religious freedom conditions, and United States strategies for ad-vancing religious freedom, in each receiving country; and ‘‘(3) the courses required of all outgoing dep-uty chiefs of mission and ambassadors. ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .—In de- veloping curriculum for the training under sub-section (b)(2), the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, on behalf of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom established under section 201(a) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, shall develop a curriculum for train-ing United States Foreign Service officers in the scope and strategic value of international reli-gious freedom, how violations of international religious freedom harm fundamental United States interests, how the advancement of inter-national religious freedom can advance such in-terests, how United States international reli-gious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States diplomats and other Foreign Service officers, and the relevance and relationship of international religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, develop-ment, and public affairs efforts. The Secretary of State shall ensure the availability of suffi-cient resources to develop and implement such curriculum. ‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The curriculum and training materials developed pursuant to subsections (b) and (c) should be made available to all other Federal agencies.’’; (4) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘The Secretary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EFUGEES .—The Secretary of State’’; and (5) in subsection (f), as redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘The Secretary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘C
HILD SOLDIERS .—The Secretary of State’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, with the assistance of the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, and the Director of the Foreign Service Insti-tute, located at the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center, shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate that con-tains a comprehensive plan for undertaking training for Foreign Service officers under sec-tion 708 of the Foreign Services Act of 1980, as amended by subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. PRISONER LISTS AND ISSUE BRIEFS ON RELIGIOUS FREEDOM CONCERNS. 
Section 108 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6417) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘faith,’’ and inserting ‘‘activities, religious freedom advo-cacy, or efforts to protect and advance the uni-versally recognized right to the freedom of reli-gion,’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘, as appro-priate, provide’’ and insert ‘‘make available’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) V
ICTIMS LISTMAINTAINED BY THE UNITED  S
TATES COMMISSION ON INTERNATIONAL RELI-
GIOUS FREEDOM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall make publicly available, to the extent possible, online and in official publications, lists of persons it determines are imprisoned or detained, have dis-appeared, been placed under house arrest, been tortured, or subjected to forced renunciations of faith for their religious activity or religious free-dom advocacy by the government of a foreign country that the Commission recommends for designation as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under section 402(b)(1)(A)(ii) or by a non-state actor that the Commission recommends for designation as an entity of particular concern for religious free-dom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act and in-clude as much publicly available information as possible on the conditions and circumstances of such persons. ‘‘(2) DISCRETION .—In compiling lists under paragraph (1), the Commission shall exercise all appropriate discretion, including consideration of the safety and security of, and benefit to, the persons who may be included on the lists and the families of such persons.’’. TITLE II—NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL 
SEC. 201. SPECIAL ADVISER FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
The position described in section 101(k) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 2031(k) should assist the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom to coordinate inter-national religious freedom policies and strate-gies throughout the executive branch and with-in any interagency policy committee of which the Ambassador at Large is a member. TITLE III—PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS 
SEC. 301. NON-STATE ACTOR DESIGNATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, concurrent with the annual foreign country review required under section 402(b)(1)(A) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)(A)), shall— (1) review and identify any non-state actors operating in any such reviewed country or sur-rounding region that have engaged in particu-larly severe violations of religious freedom; and (2) designate, in a manner consistent with such Act, each such non-state actor as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom. (b) R
EPORT .—Whenever the President des-ignates a non-state actor under subsection (a) as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom, the President, as soon as practicable after the designation is made, shall submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional committees that describes the reasons for such designation. (c) A
CTIONS .—The President should take spe-cific actions, when practicable, to address severe violations of religious freedom of non-state ac-tors that are designated under subsection (a)(2). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE ANNUAL REPORT .— The Secretary of State should include informa-tion detailing the reasons the President des-ignated a non-state actor as an entity of par-ticular concern for religious freedom under sub-section (a) in the Annual Report required under section 102(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)(1)). (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of State should work with Congress and the U.S. Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom— (A) to create new political, financial, and dip-lomatic tools to address severe violations of reli-gious freedom by non-state actors; and (B) to update the actions the President can take under section 405 of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6445); (2) governments must ultimately be held ac-countable for the abuses that occur in their ter-ritories; and (3) any actions the President takes after desig-nating a non-state actor as an entity of par-ticular concern should also involve high-level diplomacy with the government of the country in which the non-state actor is operating. (f) D
ETERMINATIONS OF RESPONSIBLE PAR-
TIES.—In order to appropriately target Presi-dential actions under the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.), the President, with respect to each non- state actor designated as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under subsection (a), shall seek to determine the specific officials or members that are responsible for the particu-larly severe violations of religious freedom en-gaged in or tolerated by such non-state actor. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’, ‘‘non- state actor’’, and ‘‘particularly severe violations of religious freedom’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402), as amended by section 3 of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS IN RESPONSE TO PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Section 402 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which each Annual Report is submitted under section 102(b), the President shall— ‘‘(i) review the status of religious freedom in each foreign country to determine whether the government of that country has engaged in or tolerated particularly severe violations of reli-gious freedom in each such country during the preceding 12 months or longer; ‘‘(ii) designate each country the government of which has engaged in or tolerated violations described in clause (i) as a country of particular concern for religious freedom; and ‘‘(iii) designate each country that engaged in or tolerated severe violations of religious free-dom during the previous year, but does not meet, in the opinion of the President at the time of publication of the Annual Report, all of the criteria described in section 3(15) for designation under clause (ii) as being placed on a ‘Special Watch List’.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘prior to September 1 of the respective year’’ and insert-ing ‘‘before the date on which each Annual Re-port is submitted under section 102(b)’’; (B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever the President designates a country as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A)(ii), the President, not later than 90 days after such designation, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees— ‘‘(i) the designation of the country, signed by the President; ‘‘(ii) the identification, if any, of responsible parties determined under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(iii) a description of the actions taken under subsection (c), the purposes of the actions taken, and the effectiveness of the actions taken. ‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—A country that is designated as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall retain such designation until the President determines and reports to the appro-priate congressional committees that the country should no longer be so designated.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
FFECT ON DESIGNATION AS COUNTRY OF  
PARTICULAR CONCERN .—The presence or absence of a country from the Special Watch List in any given year shall not preclude the designation of such country as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) in any such year.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘the Presi-dent must designate the specific sanction or sanctions which he determines satisfy the re-quirements of this subsection.’’ and inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.119 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7126 December 9, 2016 
‘‘the President shall designate the specific sanc-tion or sanctions that the President determines satisfy the requirements under this subsection and include a description of the impact of such sanction or sanctions on each country.’’. 
SEC. 303. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Section 404(a)(4)(A) of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6444(a)(4)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) the impact on the advancement of United States interests in democracy, human rights, and security, and a description of policy tools being applied in the country, including programs that target democratic stability, eco-nomic growth, and counterterrorism.’’. 
SEC. 304. PRESIDENTIAL WAIVER. 
Section 407 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6447) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘, for a single, 180-day pe-riod,’’ after ‘‘may waive’’; (C) by striking paragraph (1); and (D) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to sub-section (c), the President may waive, for any additional specified period of time after the 180- day period described in subsection (a), the ap-plication of any of the actions described in paragraphs (9) through (15) of section 405(a) (or a commensurate substitute action) with respect to a country, if the President determines and re-ports to the appropriate congressional commit-tees that— ‘‘(1) the respective foreign government has ceased the violations giving rise to the Presi-dential action; or ‘‘(2) the important national interest of the United States requires the exercise of such waiv-er authority.’’; (4) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘or (b)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) ongoing and persistent waivers of the ap-plication of any of the actions described in paragraphs (9) through (15) of section 405(a) (or commensurate substitute action) with respect to a country do not fulfill the purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(2) because the promotion of religious free-dom is a compelling interest of United States foreign policy, the President, the Secretary of State, and other executive branch officials, in consultation with Congress, should seek to find ways to address existing violations, on a case- by-case basis, through the actions described in section 405 or other commensurate substitute ac-tion.’’. 
SEC. 305. PUBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG-ISTER. 
Section 408(a)(1) of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6448(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any designation of a non-state actor as an en-tity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act and, if applica-ble and to the extent practicable, the identities of individuals determined to be responsible for violations described in subsection (f) of such sec-tion.’’. TITLE IV—PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM SEC. 401. ASSISTANCE FOR PROMOTING RELI-GIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that for each fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State should make available, from amounts available— (1) sufficient funds for the vigorous promotion of international religious freedom and for projects to advance United States interests in the protection and advancement of inter-national religious freedom, in particular, through grants to groups that— (A) are capable of developing legal protections or promoting cultural and societal under-standing of international norms of religious freedom; (B) seek to address and mitigate religiously motivated and sectarian violence and combat violent extremism; or (C) seek to strengthen investigations, report-ing, and monitoring of religious freedom viola-tions, including genocide perpetrated against re-ligious minorities; and (2) sufficient funds for the establishment of an effective Religious Freedom Defense Fund, to be administered by the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, to provide grants for— (A) victims of religious freedom abuses and their families to cover legal and other expenses that may arise from detention, imprisonment, torture, fines, and other restrictions; and (B) projects to help create and support train-ing of a new generation of defenders of religious freedom, including legal and political advocates, and civil society projects which seek to create advocacy networks, strengthen legal representa-tion, train and educate new religious freedom defenders, and build the capacity of religious communities and rights defenders to protect against religious freedom violations, mitigate so-cietal or sectarian violence, or minimize legal or other restrictions of the right to freedom of reli-gion. (b) P
REFERENCE .—It is the sense of Congress that, in providing grants under subsection (a), the Ambassador at Large for International Reli-gious Freedom should, as appropriate, give pref-erence to projects targeting religious freedom violations in countries— (1) designated as countries of particular con-cern for religious freedom under section 402(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)); or (2) included on the Special Watch List de-scribed in section 402(b)(1)(A)(iii) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998, as added by section 302(1)(A)(i) of this Act. (c) A
DMINISTRATION AND CONSULTATIONS .— (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—Amounts made avail-able under subsection (a) shall be administered by the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In developing priorities and policies for providing grants authorized under subsection (a), including programming and policy , the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom should consult with other Federal agencies, including the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom and, as appropriate, nongovernmental organizations. TITLE V—DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
SEC. 501. DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PAR-TICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Title VI of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6471 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 605 as section 606; and (2) by inserting after section 604 the following: ‘‘SEC. 605. DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PAR-TICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
‘‘(a) L IST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Ambassador at Large and in consultation with relevant government and nongovernment experts, shall establish and maintain a list of foreign individuals to whom a consular post has denied a visa on the grounds of particularly severe violations of religious free-dom under section 212(a)(2)(G) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(G)), or who are subject to financial sanctions or other measures for particularly se-vere violations of freedom religion. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—The list required under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘Des-ignated Persons List for Particularly Severe Violations of Religious Freedom’. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that contains the list required under subsection (a), including, with respect to each foreign individual on the list— ‘‘(A) the name of the individual and a descrip-tion of the particularly severe violation of reli-gious freedom committed by the individual; ‘‘(B) the name of the country or other location in which such violation took place; and ‘‘(C) a description of the actions taken pursu-ant to this Act or any other Act or Executive order in response to such violation. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees— ‘‘(A) the initial report required under para-graph (1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act; and ‘‘(B) updates to the report every 180 days thereafter and as new information becomes available. ‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) should be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(D) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives.’’. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
Title VII of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6481 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 702. VOLUNTARY CODES OF CONDUCT FOR UNITED STATES INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
‘‘(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes the endur-ing importance of United States institutions of higher education worldwide— ‘‘(1) for their potential for shaping positive leadership and new educational models in host countries; and ‘‘(2) for their emphasis on teaching univer-sally recognized rights of free inquiry and aca-demic freedom. ‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that United States institutions of high-er education operating campuses outside the United States or establishing any educational entities with foreign governments, particularly with or in countries the governments of which engage in or tolerate severe violations of reli-gious freedom as identified in the Annual Re-port, should seek to adopt a voluntary code of conduct for operating in such countries that should— ‘‘(1) uphold the right of freedom of religion of their employees and students, including the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.119 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7127 December 9, 2016 
right to manifest that religion peacefully as pro-tected in international law; ‘‘(2) ensure that the religious views and peace-ful practice of religion in no way affect, or be allowed to affect, the status of a worker’s or faculty member’s employment or a student’s en-rollment; and ‘‘(3) make every effort in all negotiations, con-tracts, or memoranda of understanding engaged in or constructed with a foreign government to protect academic freedom and the rights en-shrined in the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights. 
‘‘SEC. 703. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING NA-TIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY TO PROMOTE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM THROUGH UNITED STATES FOREIGN POLICY. 
‘‘It is the sense of Congress that the annual national security strategy report of the Presi-dent required under section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043)— ‘‘(1) should promote international religious freedom as a foreign policy and national secu-rity priority; and ‘‘(2) should articulate that promotion of the right to freedom of religion is a strategy that— ‘‘(A) protects other, related human rights, and advances democracy outside the United States; and ‘‘(B) makes clear its importance to United States foreign policy goals of stability, security, development, and diplomacy; ‘‘(3) should be a guide for the strategies and activities of relevant Federal agencies; and ‘‘(4) should inform the Department of Defense quadrennial defense review under section 118 of title 10, United States Code, and the Department of State Quadrennial Diplomacy and Develop-ment Review.’’. 
SEC. 602. CLERICAL AMENDMENTS. 
The table of contents of the International Re-ligious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 note) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 605 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 606. Studies on the effect of expedited re-moval provisions on asylum claims.’’; (2) by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 604 the following: ‘‘Sec. 605. Designated Persons List for Particu-larly Severe Violations of Reli-gious Freedom.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Sec. 702. Voluntary codes of conduct for United States institutions of high-er education operating outside the United States. ‘‘Sec. 703. Sense of Congress regarding national security strategy to promote reli-gious freedom through United States foreign policy.’’. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be with-drawn, the Corker substitute amend-ment at the desk be considered, the Corker amendment at the desk be agreed to, the substitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. (Amendment No. 5175 is printed in to-day’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amend-ments.’’) The amendment (No. 5176) was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: To clarify religious freedom train-ing requirements for Foreign Service offi-cers) Beginning on page 13, strike line 12 and all that follows through page 16, line 20, and in-sert the following: (a) A
MENDMENTS TO FOREIGN SERVICE ACT 
OF1980.—Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), re-spectively; (B) by striking ‘‘(a) The Secretary of State’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) H
UMAN RIGHTS , RELIGIOUS FREEDOM , 
ANDHUMAN TRAFFICKING TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
ELIGIOUS FREEDOM TRAINING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the training required under paragraph (1)(B), the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center shall, not later than the one year after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act, conduct training on religious freedom for all Foreign Service officers, including all entry level of-ficers, all officers prior to departure for post-ing outside the United States, and all out-going deputy chiefs of mission and ambas-sadors. Such training shall be included in— ‘‘(i) the A–100 course attended by all For-eign Service officers; ‘‘(ii) the courses required of every Foreign Service officer prior to a posting outside the United States, with segments tailored to the particular religious demography, religious freedom conditions, and United States strat-egies for advancing religious freedom, in each receiving country; and ‘‘(iii) the courses required of all outgoing deputy chiefs of mission and ambassadors. ‘‘(B) D
EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .—In car- rying out the training required under para-graph (1)(B), the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, in coordi-nation with the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center and other Federal officials, as appro-priate, and in consultation with the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom established under section 201(a) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431(a)), shall make recommendations to the Secretary of State regarding a curriculum for the train-ing of United States Foreign Service officers under paragraph (1)(B) on the scope and stra-tegic value of international religious free-dom, how violations of international reli-gious freedom harm fundamental United States interests, how the advancement of international religious freedom can advance such interests, how United States inter-national religious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States dip-lomats and other Foreign Service officers, and the relevance and relationship of inter-national religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, development, and public affairs efforts. The Secretary of State should ensure the availability of sufficient re-sources to develop and implement such cur-riculum. ‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The cur-riculum and training materials developed under this paragraph shall be shared with the United States Armed Forces and other Federal departments and agencies with per-sonnel who are stationed overseas, as appro-priate, to provide training on— ‘‘(i) United States religious freedom poli-cies; ‘‘(ii) religious traditions; ‘‘(iii) religious engagement strategies; ‘‘(iv) religious and cultural issues; and ‘‘(v) efforts to counter violent religious ex-tremism.’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘REFUGEES .— The Secretary of State’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘C
HILD SOL-
DIERS .—The Secretary of State’’. 
The amendment (No. 5175) in the na-ture of a substitute, as amended, was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 1150), as amended, was passed. 
f 
ENCOURAGING REUNIONS OF DI-VIDED KOREAN AMERICAN FAMI-LIES Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 711, H. Con. Res. 40. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 40) encouraging reunions of divided Korean American families. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 40) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. 
f 
UNITED STATES-CARIBBEAN STRA-TEGIC ENGAGEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 713, H.R. 4939. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4939) to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean re-gion, the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States, and the private sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States– Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act of 2016’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.119 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7128 December 9, 2016 
SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Congress declares that it is the policy of the United States to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region and with civil society, including the private sector, in both the United States and the Caribbean, in a concerted effort to— (1) enhance diplomatic relations between the United States and the Caribbean region; (2) increase economic cooperation between the United States and the Caribbean region; (3) support regional economic, political, and security integration efforts in the Caribbean re-gion; (4) encourage enduring economic development and increased regional economic diversification and global competitiveness; (5) reduce levels of crime and violence, curb the trafficking of illicit drugs, strengthen the rule of law, and improve citizen security; (6) improve energy security by increasing ac-cess to diverse, reliable, and affordable power; (7) advance cooperation on democracy and human rights at multilateral fora; (8) continue support for public health ad-vances and cooperation on health concerns and threats to the Caribbean region; and (9) expand Internet access throughout the re-gion, especially to countries lacking the appro-priate infrastructure. 
SEC. 3. STRATEGY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment (USAID), shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a multi-year strategy for United States engagement to support the ef-forts of interested nations in the Caribbean re-gion that— (1) identifies Department of State and USAID priorities, in coordination with other executive branch agencies, for United States policy to-wards the Caribbean region; (2) outlines an approach to partner with gov-ernments of the Caribbean region to improve cit-izen security, reduce the trafficking of illicit drugs, strengthen the rule of law, and improve the effectiveness and longevity of the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative; (3) establishes a comprehensive, integrated, multi-year strategy to encourage efforts of the Caribbean region to implement regional and na-tional strategies that improve energy security, by increasing access to all available sources of energy, including by taking advantage of the indigenous energy sources of the Caribbean and the ongoing energy revolution in the United States; (4) outlines an approach to improve diplo-matic engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, including with respect to key votes on human rights and democracy at the United Nations and the Organization of Amer-ican States; (5) Describes how the United States can de-velop an approach to supporting Caribbean countries in efforts they are willing to under-take with their own resources to diversify their economies; (6) describes ways to ensure the active partici-pation of citizens of the Caribbean in existing program and initiatives administered by the De-partment of State’s Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs; and (7) reflects the input of other executive branch agencies, as appropriate. 
SEC. 4. BRIEFINGS. 
The Secretary of State shall offer to the ap-propriate congressional committees annual brief-ings that review Department of State efforts to implement the strategy for United States en-gagement with the Caribbean region in accord-ance with section 3. 
SEC. 5. PROGRESS REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the submission of the strategy required under section 3, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on progress made to-ward implementing the strategy. SEC. 6. REPORTING COST OFFSET. 
Section 601(c)(4) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4001(c)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘the following:’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(B) A workforce plan’’ and inserting ‘‘a work-force plan’’. 
SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (2) C
ARIBBEAN REGION .—The term ‘‘Caribbean region’’ means the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative beneficiary countries. (3) S
ECURITY ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘security assistance’’ has the meaning given such term in section 502B(d)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2304(d)(2)). 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the Corker amendment be agreed to, the committee-reported substitute amend-ment, as amended, be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5177) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To revise the multi-year strategy requirement regarding diplomatic engage-ment with Caribbean region governments) On page 11, beginning on line 3, strike ‘‘with respect to’’ and all that follows through line 5 and insert ‘‘with respect to human rights and democracy’’. 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill (H.R. 4939), as amended, was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A CER-TAIN CORRECTION IN THE EN-ROLLMENT OF S. 1635 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 181, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 181) directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a certain correction in the enrollment of S. 1635. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 181) was agreed to. f 
HOUSE BILLS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following bills received from the House en bloc: H.R. 4352, H.R. 5099, H.R. 5790, H.R. 6130, H.R. 6323, H.R. 6400, H.R. 6431, H.R. 6450, H.R. 6451, H.R. 6452, and H.R. 6477. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bills be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FOSTER CARE FOR VETERANS ACT The bill (H.R. 4352) to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program establishing a patient self-scheduling appointment system, and for other purposes, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. 
f 
COMMUNITIES HELPING INVEST THROUGH PROPERTY AND IM-PROVEMENTS NEEDED FOR VET-ERANS ACT OF 2016 The bill (H.R. 5099) to establish a pilot program on partnership agree-ments to construct new facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. 
f 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGA-TION WHISTLEBLOWER PROTEC-TION ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 The bill (H.R. 5790) to provide ade-quate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, for a long time, my friend Senator L
EAHY  and I have worked hard to improve pro-tections for FBI employees who report waste, fraud, and abuse. In March 2015, we held a hearing in the Judiciary Committee examining the FBI whistleblower program. That hearing addressed Department of Jus-tice and Government Accountability Office reviews of the program. Both of those reviews found significant prob-lems. The biggest problem is a long-standing loophole the Department cre-ated in its interpretation of the statu-tory protections for FBI whistle-blowers. The Department’s rules only protect FBI employees who experience reprisal after they report wrongdoing to a handful of offices or individuals. But those rules do not recognize that almost all whistleblowers first report wrongdoing to their immediate super-visor. Then they go up the chain of command. It is just human nature 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.120 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7129 December 9, 2016 
that, when you spot a problem at work, you tell your boss. FBI policy even encourages employ-ees to report through their chain of command. Yet under the current rules, those same employees have no remedy if they suffer reprisal for disclosing waste, fraud, or abuse to their boss. Ac-cording to the Government Account-ability Office, in 5 years, roughly one- third of FBI reprisal complaints were dismissed because the employee made the report to the ‘‘wrong person’’ in their management chain. It doesn’t matter if the original disclosure uncov-ered actual wrongdoing. If the em-ployee who reported it experiences re-taliation, there is nothing they can do about it. Worse, FBI employees are the only employees in the Federal Govern-ment without these protections. Even whistleblowers in the intel-ligence community, thanks to the President’s Policy Directive No. 19, are protected when they make disclosures to their supervisors. But the employees of the FBI have been left behind. The problem stems from an apparent com-promise Congress reached in 1978 as part of the Civil Service Reform Act. There were some in the Congress at the time that wanted to exempt the FBI completely from important whistle-blower protections. But this was 1978, only a few years after J. Edgar Hoover’s reign over the FBI ended. It had become very clear in those years that the FBI was not im-mune to abuses of power. So the FBI got its own provision in the U.S. Code, separate from the protections that apply to most other nonmilitary Fed-eral employees. The point was to pro-vide protections similar to those avail-able for other Federal employees. But, when the Department wrote its rules, it strictly limited the number of people FBI employees could report to. The Department said that it should not protect disclosures to supervisors be-cause that would mean the same people who are prohibited from engaging in reprisal—supervisors—would receive disclosures. But that was not the in-tent. The whole point of the whistle-blower protection laws is to protect the whistleblower from the person who is going to retaliate against them for dis-closing waste, fraud, or abuse. That is typically the person who receives their disclosures—which is almost always a direct supervisor. But the Department’s current rules leave those employees out in the cold. The result? As I said, roughly one-third of FBI employee reprisal complaints have been dismissed because they did what FBI policy tells them to do. They reported to their chain of command. This result is absurd and not what Con-gress intended. Congress wanted to encourage disclo-sures of wrongdoing so that problems could be more easily identified and then fixed. How can you fix problems if your employees do not have a logical, safe way to raise them? The answer is that you can’t. Moreover, there are many other fed-eral law enforcement agencies that function under the same whistleblower protections as non-law enforcement agencies. There is no logical reason for the FBI to have unique, separate, and inadequate standards for protecting whistleblower disclosures. So I and Senator L
EAHY drafted the FBI Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act. The bill amends the FBI whistleblower statute to clarify, once and for all, that FBI whistle-blowers are protected for disclosing waste, fraud, and abuse in their chain of command. This change was rec-ommended by the Government Ac-countability Office in its 2015 review. It is also supported by the Office of Special Counsel, the Department’s Of-fice of the Inspector General, and nu-merous good government and whistle-blower advocacy groups. Even FBI Di-rector James Comey and Attorney General Loretta Lynch have both testi-fied before the Judiciary Committee that disclosures to supervisors should be protected. Now, we passed a version of this bill out of the Judiciary Com-mittee unanimously. That version would have made additional meaning-ful changes to the FBI whistleblower program. The bill adopted by the Committee would also have addressed the other problems identified in the Justice De-partment report and the Government Accountability Office study. Most importantly, the bill that passed the Committee would have dealt with the lengthy delays in the Depart-ment’s internal investigation and adju-dication process. We also wanted to provide FBI whistleblowers with some relief when the inspector general finds in their favor. That way, FBI would be encouraged to settle cases instead of wasting taxpayer money defending re-prisal. We wanted to require the De-partment to make its decisions on these cases publicly available. That way, the FBI would not be the only party in these cases with access to case precedent. We also wanted to be sure that FBI employees had opportunities for a fair and independent hearing and the abil-ity to seek relief from a court of ap-peals. In that case, at least someone outside the Department would be able to hold the Department and the FBI accountable. But, behind the scenes, the FBI and the Justice Department objected to these provisions—although they never provided any official writ-ten comment on the bill. They claimed our reforms would jeopardize national security. But they never, ever said how. In nearly a year, they could not produce one single specific, coherent concern with the process that we developed. They had no response to the fact that classified information has not been an issue in FBI cases. Reprisal complaints generally can be considered without ever addressing classified information. The Department’s own rules tell em-ployees not to file classified informa-tion as part of the whistleblower pro-gram; and there has never been an FBI case that required the consideration of classified information. The FBI even initially objected to the provision recommended by GAO that would protect disclosures to su-pervisors. The FBI claimed that their employees’ work was too sensitive. But that claim holds no water because em-ployees in the intelligence community are protected for reporting wrongdoing to their supervisors. Now, we have waited nearly a year for constructive, good-faith feedback on our other reforms, but have received none. And unfortunately, we have not been able to reach a unanimous agree-ment on those issues this year or ob-tain time for debate and a vote on the floor. I am very disappointed. However, we still found a way forward on one key provision of this legislation. FBI employees have waited long enough to be protected for the same disclosures as everyone else in the Federal Govern-ment. Year after year, decade after decade, so many FBI employees have been retaliated against with no legal recourse. Well, that ends now. We can keep working together on other, much-need-ed reforms, and we will. We are not fin-ished with the great work left to do to improve FBI whistleblower protec-tions. Other issues identified by the Government Accountability Office and by the Justice Department itself still need to be addressed. But with the passage of the amend-ment to our bill, FBI employees will fi-nally have a remedy if they are retali-ated against for reporting waste, fraud, and abuse to their supervisors—just like every other Federal employee in the vast American bureaucracy. I am thankful for the support and hard work of Senator L
EAHY on these issues for so many years and for working so closely with me on this legislation. I also am very thankful for Representative C
HAFFETZ ’s leadership on this issue in the House. I know that he and Rep-resentatives J
EFFRIES and C UMMINGS  have been great advocates for this change. Most of all, I am grateful for the FBI whistleblowers I have worked with over the years, folks like Fred Whitehurst, Jane Turner, Michael German, Robert Kobus, Darin Jones, and so many more. This would never have come to pass without your leadership, persistence, and personal sacrifice. It has been a long road, but it has been a privilege to travel it with you. We are not done yet. But now, we are one very big step closer. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, whistle-blowers play an essential role in pro-viding transparency and accountability in the Federal Government and expos-ing waste, fraud, and abuse. It is im-portant that all government employees have safe and effective avenues to come forward when they have evidence of wrongdoing, and to encourage them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.128 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7130 December 9, 2016 
to come forward they must be afforded protections from retaliation. Unfortu-nately, under current law, FBI employ-ees who report waste or misconduct are not afforded the same whistleblower protections as all other Federal em-ployees. That is why I worked closely with Senator G
RASSLEY to author the FBI Whistleblower Protection En-hancements Act of 2016. The bill Senator G
RASSLEY and I drafted was a comprehensive package. Not only did it extend protections to FBI employees who report waste, fraud, or abuse to supervisors in their chain of command, but it also provided clear guidance on the investigation and adjudication of retaliation claims so that those same employees are not de-nied whistleblower protections without reason or without opportunity to ap-peal. Unfortunately, the bill we have passed today has been stripped of many of these worthy reforms. While I am pleased we will finally update the law to provide whistleblower protections for FBI employees who blow the whis-tle within their chain of command, I am disappointed that the bill we have before of contains only a fraction of the reform that Senator G
RASSLEY and I worked so hard to move through the Senate Judiciary Committee. This is a small but important step forward, but it is not sufficient. The Senate must work to pass comprehen-sive reform so that FBI employees are able to blow the whistle and not face repercussions for doing so. I hope we can revisit this important issue in the next Congress. 
f 
HOLOCAUST EXPROPRIATED ART RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 The bill (H.R. 6130) to provide the vic-tims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to re-cover works of art confiscated or mis-appropriated by the Nazis, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. 
f 
TIBOR RUBIN VA MEDICAL CENTER The bill (H.R. 6323) to name the De-partment of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center,’’ was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. 
f 
TO REVISE THE BOUNDARIES OF CERTAIN JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYSTEM UNITS IN NEW JERSEY The bill (H.R. 6400) to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. PROMOTING TRAVEL, COMMERCE, AND NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 2016 The bill (H.R. 6431) to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses com-mitted by United States personnel sta-tioned in Canada in furtherance of bor-der security initiatives, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Congress has now passed the bipartisan Pro-moting Travel, Commerce, and Na-tional Security Act. In 2015, I hailed the signing of a new agreement be-tween the United States and Canada designed to improve cross-border trav-el, commerce, and security between our two countries. Since then, there has been legislation introduced in both the Senate and the House to allow for full implementation of that expanded Can-ada preclearance agreement. Thirty business associations both in the United States and Canada support this legislation, and the U.S. Departments of Homeland Security and Justice fully support its passage. Let’s be clear about one thing: U.S. preclearance operations are already under way, in Canada and elsewhere. Preclearance facilities allow travelers to pass through U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, CBP, inspections on foreign soil, prior to traveling to the United States. Preclearance operations relieve congestion at U.S. destination airports, facilitate commerce, save money, and strengthen national secu-rity. The United States currently sta-tions CBP officers in select locations in Canada to inspect passengers and cargo bound for the United States before de-parting Canada. This legislation will pave the way for additional U.S. preclearance facilities in Canada in the marine, land, air and rail sectors. In particular, this legislation will ad-vance important projects in Vermont: the creation of a preclearance facility at Montreal’s Central Station, reestab-lishing train service between Vermont and Montreal; and improvements to air service between Burlington Inter-national Airport and Billy Bishop To-ronto City Airport. This legislation will promote two key national goals: enhancing our national security and increasing efficiency for travelers and commercial exchanges. With respect to national security, by placing CBP personnel at the point of departure, screening occurs before a person boards a flight, increasing our ability to prevent those who should not be flying to the United States from doing so. In 2014, preclearance stopped more than 10,000 inadmissible travelers worldwide before they left foreign soil. And with respect to commerce, the United States and Canada enjoy one of the largest bilateral economic relation-ships in the world, with $1.4 trillion in bilateral trade and investment and two-way trade in goods and services valued at $759 billion in 2014. Each day, more than $1.8 billion in goods and services and nearly 390,000 people cross the U.S.Canadian border. Preclearance helps further facilitate this important economic relationship. Preclearance is an issue about which both Democrats and Republicans can and do agree. It will enhance border se-curity and stimulate economic growth. I look forward to the President signing this bill into law. f 
INSPECTOR GENERAL EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2016 The bill (H.R. 6450) to amend the In-spector General Act of 1978 to strength-en the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today, the Senate passed the Inspector General Empowerment Act. This is a crucial piece of legislation to enable inspectors general to function inde-pendently and to weed out waste, fraud, and abuse within the govern-ment. I thank Senator M
CCAIN for working with me constructively to re-solve the concerns he raised last week and for honoring the agreement we made in December 2015. Following Senator M
CCAIN’s objec-tion to my attempt to pass the IG bill by a live UC last Thursday, our staffs met and reached a compromise. We agreed to remove some provisions of the bill related to IG leave policy and IG reporting requirements. Although we disagreed on those provisions, I am glad that we agreed to preserve the most important parts of the bill. Namely, we preserved the provisions of the bill that provide inspectors gen-eral with timely access to all records of the agency that they are charged with overseeing. In addition, the bill con-tains numerous other provisions that strengthen IG independence and equip IGs with the necessary tools to weed out waste, fraud, and abuse within the Federal Government. The bill requires the Government Ac-countability Office to conduct a study on prolonged IG vacancies and to pro-vide recommendations for reducing these vacancies. It exempts IGs from getting computer matching agree-ments and from complying with the Paperwork Reduction Act, in order to ensure that IGs can obtain information and perform investigations without first obtaining agency approval. It im-proves the process by which IGs police the conduct of other IGs, to require that investigations are conducted in a more timely fashion. It promotes greater transparency by requiring IGs to report to Congress semiannually on impediments to their work, such as agency interference, reports that are not made otherwise available to the public, and whistleblower retaliation. Finally, it requires IGs to send IG rec-ommendations to the heads of agencies and to Congress and to publicly post reports, unless otherwise prohibited by law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.122 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7131 December 9, 2016 
It is a waste of time and money to have agencies at war with their inspec-tors general over access to informa-tion. The inspectors general need to spend their time identifying and help-ing agencies eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse—not fighting for access to the information needed to do their job. The bureaucrats need to learn Congress intended for the law to mean exactly what it says. Unless a provision of law specifically mentions the inspector general and prevents access to certain kinds of doc-uments, then those records should be provided. ‘‘All records’’ means ‘‘all records.’’ I thank my cosponsors who worked diligently with me over the past year- and-a-half to help this bill pass in the Senate. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have long fought to promote transparency and accountability in our Federal Gov-ernment. From standing up to defend and strengthen the Freedom of Infor-mation Act, FOIA, to protecting gov-ernment whistleblowers, promoting transparency and accountability are among my top priorities. This Con-gress, Senator Grassley and I joined to-gether to introduce the FBI Whistle-blower Protection Act. And today we have again worked together to advance legislation to support inspectors gen-eral and ensure accountability. I sup-port the revised IG Empowerment Act and hope it can be signed into law be-fore the end of the year. Inspectors general play a critical role in promoting government transparency and accountability. They help ensure that Federal agencies and their em-ployees operate efficiently, effectively, and within the scope of the law. The goal of the IG Empowerment Act is to strengthen the Office of Inspectors General and increase their independ-ence, and it is a goal I support. One very important provision would help clarify that IGs should have access to all documents they need to conduct their investigations, audits, and re-views. This is something I agree with. Senator G
RASSLEY and I held a bipar-tisan hearing on this issue and agreed to work together to find a solution to this problem. While we need to make sure that the IGs have the tools they need to do their job, the Fourth Amendment de-mands that we not grant administra-tive subpoena power lightly. Such power should be granted sparingly and be narrowly tailored to protect individ-uals’ civil liberties. The bill we ad-vance today strikes the right balance to support IGs without giving them a blank check to subpoena any indi-vidual outside of the government and compel them to testify in person. We have made good progress in ad-vancing protransparency legislation this year. My bipartisan FOIA Im-provement Act with Senator C
ORNYN  was signed into law in July. And just this week, we learned that a dangerous FOIA-related provision in the defense bill was stripped from the conference report. This kind of progress can only be made through bipartisan work and good faith negotiating. I am glad we will make similar progress with the IG Empowerment Act that I hope all Sen-ators will support today. f 
FEDERAL PROPERTY MANAGE-MENT REFORM ACT OF 2016 The bill (H.R. 6451) to improve the Government-wide management of Fed-eral property, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. 
f 
ENSURING ACCESS TO PACIFIC FISHERIES ACT The bill (H.R. 6452) to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. 
f 
FOREIGN CULTURAL EXCHANGE JURISDICTIONAL IMMUNITY CLARIFICATON ACT The bill (H.R. 6477) to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sov-ereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title, was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bills en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bills having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bills pass en bloc? The bills (H.R. 4352, H.R. 5099, H.R. 5790, H.R. 6130, H.R. 6323, H.R. 6400, H.R. 6431, H.R. 6450, H.R. 6451, H.R. 6452, and H.R. 6477) were passed. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OVERTIME PAY FOR SECRET SERVICE AGENTS ACT OF 2016 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 6302, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6302), to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Serv-ice agents performing protective services during 2016, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Johnson substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; the title amendment be agreed to; and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5178) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PREMIUM PAY EXCEPTION IN 2016 FOR PROTECTIVE SERVICES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered employee’’ means any officer, em-ployee, or agent employed by the United States Secret Service who performs protec-tive services for an individual or event pro-tected by the United States Secret Service during 2016. (b) E
XCEPTION TO THE LIMITATION ON PRE-
MIUM PAY FOR PROTECTIVE SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during 2016, section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any covered employee to the ex-tent that its application would prevent a covered employee from receiving premium pay, as provided under the amendment made by paragraph (2). (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 118 of the Treasury and Gen-eral Government Appropriations Act, 2001 (as enacted into law by section 1(3) of Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–134) is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or, if the employee qualifies for an exception to such limitation under section 2(b)(1) of the Over-time Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016, to the extent that such aggregate amount would exceed the rate of basic pay payable for a position at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code’’ after ‘‘of that limitation’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF ADDITIONAL PAY.—If sub- section (b) results in the payment of addi-tional premium pay to a covered employee of a type that is normally creditable as basic pay for retirement or any other purpose, that additional pay shall not— (1) be considered to be basic pay of the cov-ered employee for any purpose; or (2) be used in computing a lump-sum pay-ment to the covered employee for accumu-lated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552 of title 5, United States Code. (d) A
GGREGATE LIMIT.—With respect to the application of section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, the payment of any additional premium pay to a covered employee as a re-sult of subsection (b) shall not be counted as part of the aggregate compensation of the covered employee. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on December 31, 2015. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 6302), as amended, was passed. The amendment (No. 5179) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title to read as follows: ‘‘A bill to provide an increase in premium pay for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.126 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7132 December 9, 2016 
protective services during 2016, and for other purposes.’’. f 
MARINE LANCE CORPORAL SQUIRE ‘‘SKIP’’ WELLS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5612 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5612) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Geor-gia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5612) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 718, S. 2852. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2852) to expand the Government’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and in-novation, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Gov-ernment Data Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; agency defined. Sec. 3. Rule of construction. Sec. 4. Federal information policy definitions. Sec. 5. Requirement for making open and ma-chine-readable the default for Government data. Sec. 6. Responsibilities of the Office of Elec-tronic Government. Sec. 7. Data inventory and planning. Sec. 8. Technology portal. Sec. 9. Enhanced responsibilities for chief infor-mation officers and chief informa-tion officers council duties. Sec. 10. Evaluation of agency analytical capa-bilities. Sec. 11. Effective date. SEC. 2. FINDINGS; AGENCY DEFINED. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Federal Government data is a valuable na-tional resource. Managing Federal Government data to make it open, available, discoverable, and useable to the general public, businesses, journalists, academics, and advocates promotes efficiency and effectiveness in Government, cre-ates economic opportunities, promotes scientific discovery, and most importantly, strengthens our democracy. (2) Maximizing the usefulness of Federal Gov-ernment data that is appropriate for release rests upon making it readily available, discover-able, and usable—in a word: open. Information presumptively should be available to the general public unless the Federal Government reason-ably foresees that disclosure could harm a spe-cific, articulable interest protected by law or the Federal Government is otherwise expressly pro-hibited from releasing such data due to statu-tory requirements. (3) The Federal Government has the responsi-bility to be transparent and accountable to its citizens. (4) Data controlled, collected, or created by the Federal Government should be originated, transmitted, and published in modern, open, and electronic format, to be as readily accessible as possible, consistent with data standards im-bued with authority under this Act and to the extent permitted by law. (5) The effort to inventory Government data will have additional benefits, including identi-fying opportunities within agencies to reduce waste, increase efficiencies, and save taxpayer dollars. As such, this effort should involve many types of data, including data generated by ap-plications, devices, networks, and equipment, which can be harnessed to improve operations, lower energy consumption, reduce costs, and strengthen security. (6) Communication, commerce, and data tran-scend national borders. Global access to Govern-ment information is often essential to promoting innovation, scientific discovery, entrepreneur-ship, education, and the general welfare. (b) A
GENCY DEFINED .—In this Act, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, and includes the Federal Election Commission. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to require the disclosure of information or records that are ex-empt from public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’). 
SEC. 4. FEDERAL INFORMATION POLICY DEFINI-TIONS. 
Section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) the term ‘data’ means recorded informa-tion, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(16) the term ‘data asset’ means a collection of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; ‘‘(17) the term ‘Enterprise Data Inventory’ means the data inventory developed and main-tained pursuant to section 3523; ‘‘(18) the term ‘machine-readable’ means a format in which information or data can be eas-ily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no semantic mean-ing is lost; ‘‘(19) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as con-tent, format, source, rights, accuracy, prove-nance, frequency, periodicity, granularity, pub-lisher or responsible party, contact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(20) the term ‘nonpublic data asset’— ‘‘(A) means a data asset that may not be made available to the public for privacy, security, confidentiality, regulation, or other reasons as determined by law; and ‘‘(B) includes data provided by contractors that is protected by contract, license, patent, trademark, copyright, confidentiality, regula-tion, or other restriction; ‘‘(21) the term ‘open format’ means a technical format based on an underlying open standard that is— ‘‘(A) not encumbered by restrictions that would impede use or reuse; and ‘‘(B) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organization; ‘‘(22) the term ‘open Government data’ means a Federal Government public data asset that is— ‘‘(A) machine-readable; ‘‘(B) available in an open format; and ‘‘(C) part of the worldwide public domain or, if necessary, published with an open license; ‘‘(23) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee applied to a data asset that is made available to the public that such data asset is made available— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, pub-lishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting; and ‘‘(24) the term ‘public data asset’ means a col-lection of data elements or a data set main-tained by the Government that— ‘‘(A) may be released; or ‘‘(B) has been released to the public in an open format and is discoverable through a search of Data.gov.’’. SEC. 5. REQUIREMENT FOR MAKING OPEN AND MACHINE-READABLE THE DEFAULT FOR GOVERNMENT DATA. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3522. Requirements for Government data ‘‘(a) M
ACHINE -READABLE DATA REQUIRED .— Government data assets made available by an agency shall be published as machine-readable data. ‘‘(b) O
PEN BY DEFAULT .—When not otherwise prohibited by law, and to the extent practicable, Government data assets shall— ‘‘(1) be available in an open format; and ‘‘(2) be available under open licenses. ‘‘(c) O
PEN LICENSE OR WORLDWIDE PUBLIC  D
OMAIN DEDICATION REQUIRED .—When not oth-erwise prohibited by law, and to the extent practicable, Government data assets published by or for an agency shall be made available under an open license or, if not made available under an open license and appropriately re-leased, shall be considered to be published as part of the worldwide public domain. ‘‘(d) I
NNOVATION .—Each agency may engage with nongovernmental organizations, citizens, non-profit organizations, colleges and univer-sities, private and public companies, and other agencies to explore opportunities to leverage the agency’s public data asset in a manner that may provide new opportunities for innovation in the public and private sectors in accordance with law and regulation.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3521 the following: ‘‘3522. Requirements for Government data.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Notwithstanding sec-tion 11, the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any contract entered into by an agency on or after such effective date. (d) U
SE OF OPEN DATA ASSETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.124 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7133 December 9, 2016 
Act, the head of each agency shall ensure that any activities by the agency or any new con-tract entered into by the agency meet the re-quirements of section 3522 of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 6. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE OFFICE OF ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF FEDERAL INFORMATION  R
ESOURCES MANAGEMENT POLICY .—Section 3503 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL INFORMATION  R
ESOURCES MANAGEMENT POLICY .—The Federal Chief Information Officer shall work in coordi-nation with the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs and with the heads of other offices within the Office of Management and Budget to oversee and advise the Director on Federal information resources management policy.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY AND FUNCTIONS OF DIREC-
TOR.—Section 3504(h) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, the Fed-eral Chief Information Officer,’’ after ‘‘the Di-rector of the National Institute of Standards and Technology’’; (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) oversee the completeness of the Enter-prise Data Inventory and the extent to which the agency is making all data collected and gen-erated by the agency available to the public in accordance with section 3523;’’; (3) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) coordinate the development and review of Federal information resources management pol-icy by the Administrator of the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs and the Federal Chief Information Officer.’’. (c) C
HANGE OF NAME OF THE OFFICE OF ELEC-
TRONIC GOVERNMENT .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3601 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (1); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (1) through (3), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(4) ‘Federal Chief Information Officer’ means the Federal Chief Information Officer of the Office of the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer established under section 3602;’’. (2) O
FFICE OF THE FEDERAL CHIEF INFORMA -
TION OFFICER .—Section 3602 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘an Adminis-trator’’ and inserting ‘‘a Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer’’; (D) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief In-formation Officer’’; (E) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief In-formation Officer’’; (F) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘The Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief In-formation Officer’’; (G) in subsection (f)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Administrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer shall’’; and (ii) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘the Office of the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’; and (H) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘the Office of the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’. (3) CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS COUNCIL .— Section 3603 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Infor-mation Officer’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Infor-mation Officer’’; and (C) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (4) E–G
OVERNMENT FUND .—Section 3604 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Infor-mation Officer’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief In-formation Officer’’. (5) P
ROGRAM TO ENCOURAGE INNOVATIVE SOLU -
TIONS TO ENHANCE ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT  
SERVICES AND PROCESSES .—Section 3605 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief In-formation Officer’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, the Ad-ministrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Federal Chief Information Officer,’’; and (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘proposals submitted to the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘proposals sub-mitted to the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief In-formation Officer’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief In-formation Officer’’. (6) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections for chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 3602 and inserting the following: ‘‘3602. Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer.’’. (B) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief In-formation Officer’’. (C) O
FFICE OF ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT .— Section 507 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Office of the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (D) E
LECTRONIC GOVERNMENT AND INFORMA -
TION TECHNOLOGIES .—Section 305 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (E) C
APITAL PLANNING AND INVESTMENT CON -
TROL.—Section 11302(c)(4) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (F) R
ESOURCES , PLANNING , AND PORTFOLIO  
MANAGEMENT .—The second subsection (c) of sec-tion 11319 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Of-fice of Electronic Government’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (G) ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 2222(i)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 3601(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3601(3)’’. (ii) Section 506D(k)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3100(k)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 3601(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3601(3)’’. (7) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amendments made by this subsection are for the purpose of changing the name of the Office of Electronic Government and the Administrator of such of-fice and shall not be construed to affect any of the substantive provisions of the provisions amended or to require a new appointment by the President. 
SEC. 7. DATA INVENTORY AND PLANNING. 
(a) E NTERPRISE DATAINVENTORY .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by section 5, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3523. Enterprise data inventory ‘‘(a) A
GENCY DATAINVENTORY REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to develop a clear and comprehensive understanding of the data assets in the possession of an agency, the head of each agency, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, shall develop and maintain an enterprise data inventory (in this section referred to as the ‘En-terprise Data Inventory’) that accounts for any data asset created, collected, under the control or direction of, or maintained by the agency after the effective date of this section, with the ultimate goal of including all data assets, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Enterprise Data Inven-tory shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) Data assets used in agency information systems, including program administration, sta-tistical, and financial activity. ‘‘(B) Data assets shared or maintained across agency programs and bureaus. ‘‘(C) Data assets that are shared among agen-cies or created by more than 1 agency. ‘‘(D) A clear indication of all data assets that can be made publicly available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly referred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’). ‘‘(E) A description of whether the agency has determined that an individual data asset may be made publicly available and whether the data asset is currently available to the public. ‘‘(F) Non-public data assets. ‘‘(G) Government data assets generated by ap-plications, devices, networks, and equipment, categorized by source type. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Chief Infor-mation Officer of each agency shall use the guidance provided by the Director issued pursu-ant to section 3504(a)(1)(C)(ii) to make public data assets included in the Enterprise Data In-ventory publicly available in an open format and under an open license. ‘‘(c) N
ON-PUBLIC DATA.—Non-public data in-cluded in the Enterprise Data Inventory may be maintained in a non-public section of the inven-tory. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF ENTERPRISE DATAIN-
VENTORY .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency— ‘‘(1) shall make the Enterprise Data Inventory available to the public on Data.gov; ‘‘(2) shall ensure that access to the Enterprise Data Inventory and the data contained therein is consistent with applicable law and regula-tion; and ‘‘(3) may implement paragraph (1) in a man-ner that maintains a non-public portion of the Enterprise Data Inventory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.148 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7134 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(e) R EGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) to the extent practicable, complete the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(2) add additional data assets to the Enter-prise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 90 days after the date on which the data asset is created or identified. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—When practicable, the Chief Information Officer of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to compile and publish the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by section 5, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3522 the fol-lowing: ‘‘3523. Enterprise data inventory.’’. (b) S
TANDARDS FOR ENTERPRISE DATAINVEN-
TORY .—Section 3504(a)(1) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (B)(vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) issue standards for the Enterprise Data Inventory described in section 3523, including— ‘‘(i) a requirement that the Enterprise Data Inventory include a compilation of metadata about agency data assets; and ‘‘(ii) criteria that the head of each agency shall use in determining whether to make a par-ticular data asset publicly available in a man-ner that takes into account— ‘‘(I) the expectation of confidentiality associ-ated with an individual data asset; ‘‘(II) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available infor-mation may pose such a risk; ‘‘(III) the cost and value to the public of con-verting the data into a manner that could be understood and used by the public; ‘‘(IV) the expectation that all data assets that would otherwise be made available under sec-tion 552 of title 5 (commonly referred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) be disclosed; and ‘‘(V) any other considerations that the Direc-tor determines to be relevant.’’. (c) F
EDERAL AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .—Sec- tion 3506 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘secu-rity;’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘security by— ‘‘(i) using open format for any new Govern-ment data asset created or obtained on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this clause; and ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, encouraging the adoption of open form for all open Govern-ment data created or obtained before the date of enactment of this clause;’’. (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘subchapter; and’’ and inserting ‘‘subchapter and a review of each agency’s Enterprise Data Inventory de-scribed in section 3523;’’; (C) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) in consultation with the Director, develop an open data plan as a part of the requirement for a strategic information resources manage-ment plan described in paragraph (2) that, at a minimum and to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) requires the agency to develop processes and procedures that— ‘‘(i) require each new data collection mecha-nism to use an open format; and ‘‘(ii) allow the agency to collaborate with non-Government entities, researchers, busi-nesses, and private citizens for the purpose of understanding how data users value and use open Government data; ‘‘(B) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and outside of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability, rec-ommendations for improvements, and complaints about adherence to open data requirements in accordance with subsection (d)(2); ‘‘(C) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, complete-ness, accuracy, usefulness, and availability of open Government data; ‘‘(D) requires the agency to update the plan at an interval determined by the Director; ‘‘(E) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan including technology, training for employees, and imple-menting procurement standards, in accordance with existing law, that allow for the acquisition of innovative solutions from the public and pri-vate sector; and ‘‘(F) prohibits the dissemination and acci-dental disclosure of nonpublic data assets.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided under subsection (j), with respect to’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘ensure’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sources’’ and inserting ‘‘sources and uses’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding providing access to open Government data online’’ after ‘‘economical manner’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘shall’’ be-fore ‘‘regularly’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘provide’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semi-colon; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘not’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) shall take the necessary precautions to ensure that the agency maintains the produc-tion and publication of data assets which are directly related to activities that protect the safety of human life or property, as identified by the open data plan of the agency required by subsection (b)(6); and ‘‘(6) may engage the public in using open Gov-ernment data and encourage collaboration by— ‘‘(A) publishing information on open Govern-ment data usage in regular, timely intervals, but not less than annually; ‘‘(B) receiving public input regarding prior-ities for the analysis and disclosure of data as-sets to be published; ‘‘(C) assisting civil society groups and mem-bers of the public working to expand the use of open Government data; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to create additional value from open Government data.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION EXCEP-
TION.—Notwithstanding subsection (c), an agen-cy is not required to meet the requirements of paragraphs (2) and (3) of such subsection if— ‘‘(1) the waiver of those requirements is ap-proved by the head of the agency; ‘‘(2) the collection of information is— ‘‘(A) online and electronic; ‘‘(B) voluntary and there is no perceived or actual tangible benefit to the provider of the in-formation; ‘‘(C) of an extremely low burden that is typi-cally completed in 5 minutes or less; and ‘‘(D) focused on gathering input about the performance of, or public satisfaction with, an agency providing service; and ‘‘(3) the agency publishes representative sum-maries of the collection of information under subsection (c).’’. (d) REPOSITORY .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall collaborate with the Office of Government Information Services and the Administrator of General Serv-ices to develop and maintain an online reposi-tory of tools, best practices, and schema stand-ards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices. The repository shall— (1) include definitions, regulation and policy, checklists, and case studies related to open data, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act; and (2) facilitate collaboration and the adoption of best practices across the Federal Government re-lating to the adoption of open data practices. (e) S
YSTEMATIC AGENCY REVIEW OF OPER-
ATIONS .—Section 305 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘To the extent practicable, each agency shall use existing data to support such reviews if the data is accurate and complete.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) determining the status of achieving the mission, goals, and objectives of the agency as described in the strategic plan of the agency published pursuant to section 306;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) O
PENDATACOMPLIANCE REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, and every 2 years thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall electronically publish a report on agency performance and compliance with the Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Gov-ernment Data Act and the amendments made by that Act.’’. (f) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives a report that identifies— (1) the value of information made available to the public as a result of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act; (2) whether it is valuable to expand the pub-licly available information to any other data as-sets; and (3) the completeness of the Enterprise Data Inventory at each agency required under section 3523 of title 44, United States Code, as added by this section. 
SEC. 8. TECHNOLOGY PORTAL. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 3511 the following: ‘‘§ 3511A. Technology portal ‘‘(a) D
ATA.GOVREQUIRED .—The Administrator of General Services shall maintain a single pub-lic interface online as a point of entry dedicated to sharing open Government data with the pub-lic. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION WITHAGENCIES .—The Di- rector of the Office of Management and Budget shall determine, after consultation with the head of each agency and the Administrator of General Services, the method to access any open Government data published through the inter-face described in subsection (a).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3511 the fol-lowing: ‘‘3511A. Technology portal.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.148 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7135 December 9, 2016 
(c) D EADLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of General Services shall meet the require-ments of section 3511A(a) of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 9. ENHANCED RESPONSIBILITIES FOR CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS AND CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS COUNCIL DUTIES. 
(a) A GENCY CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER GEN-
ERAL RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 11315(b) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) data asset management, format standard-ization, sharing of data assets, and publication of data assets; ‘‘(5) the compilation and publication of the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency re-quired under section 3523 of title 44; ‘‘(6) ensuring that agency data conforms with open data best practices; ‘‘(7) ensuring compliance with the require-ments of subsections (b), (c), (d), and (f) of sec-tion 3506 of title 44; ‘‘(8) engaging agency employees, the public, and contractors in using open Government data and encourage collaborative approaches to im-proving data use; ‘‘(9) supporting the agency Performance Im-provement Officer in generating data to support the function of the Performance Improvement Officer described in section 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(10) reviewing the information technology in-frastructure of the agency and the impact of such infrastructure on making data assets ac-cessible to reduce barriers that inhibit data asset accessibility; ‘‘(11) ensuring that, to the extent practicable, the agency is maximizing its own use of data, including data generated by applications, de-vices, networks, and equipment owned by the Government and such use is not otherwise pro-hibited, to reduce costs, improve operations, and strengthen security and privacy protections; and ‘‘(12) identifying points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and implementation as required by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—Section 11315 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sec-tion, the terms ‘data’, ‘data asset’, ‘Enterprise Data Inventory’, and ‘open Government data’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3502 of title 44.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT .—Section 3603(f) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) Work with the Office of Government In-formation Services and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to promote data interoperability and comparability of data assets across the Government.’’. 
SEC. 10. EVALUATION OF AGENCY ANALYTICAL CAPABILITIES. 
(a) A GENCY REVIEW OF EVALUATION AND  A
NALYSIS CAPABILITIES ; R EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Operating Officer of each agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a report on the review described in sub-section (b). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS OF AGENCY REVIEW .—The report required under subsection (a) shall assess the coverage, quality, methods, effectiveness, and independence of the agency’s evaluation re-search and analysis efforts, including each of the following: (1) A list of the activities and operations of the agency that are being evaluated and ana-lyzed and the activities and operations that have been evaluated and analyzed during the previous 5 years. (2) The extent to which the evaluations re-search and analysis efforts and related activities of the agency support the needs of various divi-sions within the agency. (3) The extent to which the evaluation re-search and analysis efforts and related activities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organizational learn-ing, ongoing program management, performance management, strategic management, inter-agency and private sector coordination, internal and external oversight, and accountability. (4) The extent to which the agency uses meth-ods and combinations of methods that are ap-propriate to agency divisions and the cor-responding research questions being addressed, including an appropriate combination of forma-tive and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches. (5) The extent to which evaluation and re-search capacity is present within the agency to include personnel, agency process for planning and implementing evaluation activities, dissemi-nating best practices and findings, and incor-porating employee views and feedback. (6) The extent to which the agency has the ca-pacity to assist front-line staff and program of-fices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the day-to-day operations. (c) GAO REVIEW OF AGENCY REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that summarizes agency findings and highlights trends from the reports submitted pursuant to subsection (a) and, if appropriate, recommends actions to further improve agency capacity to use evaluation techniques and data to support evaluation efforts. 
SEC. 11. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 2852), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 562, H.R. 4465. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4465) to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4465) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
EMMETT TILL UNSOLVED CIVIL RIGHTS CRIMES REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2016 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany S. 2854. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 2854) entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I move to concur in the House amendment and know of no further debate on the motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL URBAN SEARCH AND RESCUE RESPONSE SYSTEM ACT OF 2016 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany S. 2971. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 2971) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Na-tional Urban Search and Rescue Response System.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I move to concur in the House amendment; and I ask unan-imous consent that the motion be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION TRAN-SITION AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 696, S. 3346. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.148 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7136 December 9, 2016 
A bill (S. 3346) to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration Transition Authorization Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS Sec. 101. Fiscal year 2017. TITLE II—SUSTAINING NATIONAL SPACE COMMITMENTS Sec. 201. Sense of Congress on sustaining na-tional space commitments. Sec. 202. Findings. TITLE III—MAXIMIZING UTILIZATION OF THE ISS AND LOW-EARTH ORBIT Sec. 301. Operation of the ISS. Sec. 302. Transportation to ISS. Sec. 303. ISS transition plan. Sec. 304. Indemnification; NASA launch serv-ices and reentry services. TITLE IV—ADVANCING HUMAN DEEP SPACE EXPLORATION Subtitle A—Human Exploration Goals and Objectives Sec. 411. Human exploration long-term goals. Sec. 412. Goals and objectives. Sec. 413. Vision for space exploration. Sec. 414. Exploration plan and programs. Sec. 415. Stepping stone approach to explo-ration. Subtitle B—Assuring Core Capabilities for Exploration Sec. 421. Space Launch System and Orion. Subtitle C—Journey to Mars Sec. 431. Space technology infusion. Sec. 432. Findings on human space exploration. Sec. 433. Strategic framework for human spaceflight and exploration. Sec. 434. Advanced space suit capability. Sec. 435. Asteroid robotic redirect mission. Subtitle D—Scott Kelly Human Spaceflight and Exploration Act Sec. 441. Short title. Sec. 442. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 443. Medical monitoring and research re-lating to human space flight. TITLE V—ADVANCING SPACE SCIENCE Sec. 501. Maintaining a balanced space science portfolio. Sec. 502. Planetary science. Sec. 503. James Webb Space Telescope. Sec. 504. Sense of Congress on Wide-Field In-frared Survey Telescope. Sec. 505. Sense of Congress on Mars 2020 rover. Sec. 506. Europa. TITLE VI—MAXIMIZING EFFICIENCY Subtitle A—Agency Information Technology and Cybersecurity Sec. 611. Information technology governance. Sec. 612. Information technology strategic plan. Sec. 613. Cybersecurity. Sec. 614. Oversight implementation progress. Sec. 615. Software oversight. Sec. 616. Security management of foreign na-tional access. Sec. 617. Cybersecurity of web applications. Subtitle B—Collaboration Among Mission Directorates and Other Matters Sec. 621. Collaboration among mission direc-torates. Sec. 622. NASA launch capabilities collabora-tion. Sec. 623. Commercial space launch cooperation. Sec. 624. Detection and avoidance of counterfeit parts. Sec. 625. Education and outreach. Sec. 626. Leveraging commercial satellite serv-icing capabilities across mission directorates. Sec. 627. Flight opportunities. Sec. 628. Sense of Congress on small class launch missions. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Administra-tion’’ means the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. (4) C
IS-LUNAR SPACE .—The term ‘‘cis-lunar space’’ means the region of space from the Earth out to and including the region around the sur-face of the Moon. (5) D
EEP SPACE .—The term ‘‘deep space’’ means the region of space beyond low-Earth orbit, to include cis-lunar space. (6) G
OVERNMENT ASTRONAUT .—The term ‘‘gov-ernment astronaut’’ has the meaning given the term in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code. (7) ISS.—The term ‘‘ISS’’ means the Inter-national Space Station. (8) ISS 
MANAGEMENT ENTITY .—The term ‘‘ISS management entity’’ means the organization with which the Administrator has a cooperative agreement under section 504(a) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354(a)). (9) NASA.—The term ‘‘NASA’’ means the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration. (10) O
RION.—The term ‘‘Orion’’ means the multipurpose crew vehicle described under sec-tion 303 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323). (11) S
PACE LAUNCH SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Space Launch System’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18302). TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
SEC. 101. FISCAL YEAR 2017. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to NASA for fiscal year 2017, $19,508,000,000, as fol-lows: (1) For Exploration, $4,532,000,000. (2) For Space Operations, $4,950,700,000. (3) For Science, $5,395,000,000. (4) For Aeronautics, $601,000,000. (5) For Space Technology, $686,500,000. (6) For Education, $108,000,000. (7) For Safety, Security, and Mission Services, $2,796,700,000. (8) For Construction and Environmental Com-pliance and Restoration, $400,000,000. (9) For Inspector General, $38,100,000. TITLE II—SUSTAINING NATIONAL SPACE COMMITMENTS 
SEC. 201. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUSTAINING NATIONAL SPACE COMMITMENTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States, in collaboration with its international, academic, and industry partners, should sustain and build upon our national space commitments and investments across Ad-ministrations with a continuity of purpose to advance recent achievements of space explo-ration and space science to extend humanity’s reach into deep space, including cis-lunar space, the Moon, the surface and moons of Mars, and beyond; (2) NASA leaders can best leverage invest-ments in the United States space program by continuing to develop a balanced portfolio for space exploration and space science, including continued development of the Space Launch System, Orion, Commercial Crew Program, Com-mercial Resupply Services Program, the James Webb Space Telescope, and the ongoing oper-ations of the ISS; (3) a national, government-led space program that builds on current science and exploration programs, advances human knowledge and ca-pabilities, and opens the frontier beyond Earth for ourselves, our international partners, com-mercial enterprise, and science is of critical im-portance to our national destiny and to a future guided by United States values and freedoms; (4) continuity of purpose and effective execu-tion of core NASA programs are essential for ef-ficient use of resources in pursuit of timely and tangible accomplishments; (5) NASA could improve its efficiency and ef-fectiveness by working with industry to stream-line existing programs and requirements, pro-curement practices, institutional footprint, and bureaucracy while preserving effective program oversight, accountability, and safety; (6) United States government astronauts changed the trajectory of human history toward the promise of the stars, and it is imperative that the United States maintain and enhance its leadership in space exploration and continue to expand freedom and opportunities in space for all Americans that are consistent with the Con-stitution of the United States; and (7) NASA is and should remain a multimission agency with a balanced and robust set of core missions in science, space technology, aero-nautics, human space flight and exploration, and education. SEC. 202. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Challenges of the past, such as the can-cellation of major programs, have disrupted completion of major space systems thereby— (A) impeding planning and pursuit of na-tional objectives in human space exploration; (B) placing the Nation’s investment in space exploration at risk; and (C) degrading the aerospace industrial base. (2) The National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18301 et seq.) reflects a broad, bipartisan agreement on the path forward for NASA’s core missions in science, space technology, aero-nautics, human space flight and exploration, and education, which serves as the foundation for the policy updates by this Act. (3) Sustaining the investment and maximizing utilization of the ISS and ISS National Labora-tory with our international and industry part-ners is— (A) consistent with the goals and objectives of the United States space program; and (B) imperative to continuing United States global leadership in human space exploration, science, research, technology development, and education opportunities that contribute to de-velopment of the next generation of American scientists, engineers, and leaders, and to cre-ating the opportunity for economic development of low-Earth orbit. (4) NASA has made measurable progress in de-velopment and testing of the Space Launch Sys-tem and Orion exploration systems with the near-term objectives of the initial integrated test flight and launch in 2018, a human mission in 2021, and continued missions with an annual cadence in cis-lunar space and eventually to the surface of Mars. (5) The Commercial Crew Program is on schedule to reestablish the capability to launch United States government astronauts from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.157 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7137 December 9, 2016 
United States soil into low-Earth orbit by the end of 2018. (6) The Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, in its 2015 Annual Report, urged continuity of pur-pose noting concerns over the potential for cost overruns and schedule slips that could accom-pany significant changes to core NASA pro-grams. TITLE III—MAXIMIZING UTILIZATION OF THE ISS AND LOW-EARTH ORBIT 
SEC. 301. OPERATION OF THE ISS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) after 15 years of continuous human pres-ence in low-Earth orbit, the ISS continues to overcome challenges and operate safely; (2) expansion of partnerships, scientific re-search, commercial applications, and explo-ration testbed capabilities of the ISS is essential to ensuring the greatest return on investments made by the United States and its international space partners in the development, assembly, and operations of that unique facility; (3) a stable and successful Commercial Resup-ply Services Program and Commercial Crew Pro-gram are critical to ensuring timely provisioning of the ISS and to reestablishing the capability to launch United States government astronauts from United States soil into low-Earth orbit; (4) sustaining United States leadership and progress in human space exploration is enabled in part by continuing utilization of the ISS— (A) to facilitate the commercialization and economic development of low-Earth orbit; (B) to serve as a testbed for technologies, and to conduct scientific research and development; and (C) as an orbital facility enabling research upon— (i) the health, well-being, and performance of humans in space; and (ii) the development of in-space systems ena-bling human space exploration beyond low- Earth orbit; (5) the Administrator should continue to sup-port the development of the Commercial Crew Program as planned to end reliance upon Rus-sian transport of United States government as-tronauts to the ISS which has not been possible since the retirement of the Space Shuttle pro-gram in 2011; and (6) the ISS should continue to provide a plat-form for fundamental, microgravity, discovery- based space life and physical sciences research that is critical for enabling space exploration, protecting humans in space, increasing path-ways for commercial space development that de-pend on advances in basic research, and con-tribute to advancing science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics research. (b) C
ONTINUATION OF THE ISS.—Congress reaf-firms the policy set forth in section 501 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18351) that it shall be the policy of the United States, in consultation with its international partners in the ISS program, to support full and complete utilization of the ISS through at least 2024. 
SEC. 302. TRANSPORTATION TO ISS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON COMMERCIAL CREW P
ROGRAM AND COMMERCIAL RESUPPLY SERVICES  P
ROGRAM .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) NASA should build upon the success of the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services and Commercial Resupply Services programs that have allowed private sector companies to part-ner with NASA to deliver cargo and scientific experiments to the ISS since 2012; (2) once certified to meet NASA’s safety and reliability requirements and fully operational to meet ISS crew transfer needs, the Commercial Crew Program transportation systems should serve as the primary means of transporting United States government astronauts and inter-national partner astronauts from United States soil to and from the ISS; (3) Commercial Crew Program transportation systems should have the capability of serving as ISS emergency crew rescue vehicles; (4) the 21st Century Launch Complex Program has enabled significant modernization and in-frastructure improvements at launch sites across the United States to support NASA’s Commercial Resupply Services Program and other civil and commercial space flight missions; and (5) the 21st Century Launch Complex Program should be continued in a manner that leverages State and private investments to achieve the goals of the program. (b) UNITED STATES POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that, to foster the competitive development, operation, improvement and com-mercial availability of space transportation services, services for Federal Government access to and return from the ISS, whenever prac-ticable, shall be procured via fair and open com-petition for well-defined, milestone-based, Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation-based contracts under section 201(a) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18311(a)). (c) C
OMMERCIAL CARGO PROGRAM .—Section 401 of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18341) is amended by striking ‘‘Commer-cial Orbital Transportation Services’’ and in-serting ‘‘Commercial Resupply Services’’. (d) C
REW SAFETY .—The Administrator shall protect the safety of United States crews by en-suring commercial crew systems meet all appli-cable human rating requirements in accordance with section 403(b)(1) of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18342(b)(1)). 
SEC. 303. ISS TRANSITION PLAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that NASA has been both the primary supplier and consumer of human space flight capabilities and services of the ISS and in low-Earth orbit. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that an orderly transition is needed for United States human space flight activities in low-Earth orbit from the current regime, that re-lies heavily on NASA sponsorship, to a regime where NASA is one of many customers of a low- Earth orbit commercial human space flight en-terprise. (c) R
EPORTS .—Section 50111 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) ISS T
RANSITION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in co-ordination with the ISS management entity, ISS partners, the scientific user community, and the commercial space sector, shall develop a plan to transition in a step-wise approach from the cur-rent regime that relies heavily on NASA spon-sorship to a regime where NASA is one of many customers of a low-Earth orbit commercial human space flight enterprise. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than December 1, 2017, and triennially thereafter until 2023, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes— ‘‘(A) an identification of low-Earth orbit ca-pabilities necessary to meet the Administration’s deep space human space flight exploration ob-jectives and mission requirements beyond the pe-riod of operation and utilization of the ISS de-scribed in section 503 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353), if any; ‘‘(B) steps NASA is taking and will take, in-cluding demonstrations that could be conducted on the ISS, to stimulate and facilitate commer-cial demand and supply of products and services in low-Earth orbit; ‘‘(C) an assessment of current and projected commercial activities in low-Earth orbit, includ-ing on the ISS, and their potential for meeting the capabilities identified in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(D) an identification of barriers preventing the commercialization of low-Earth orbit, in-cluding issues relating to policy, regulations, commercial intellectual property, data, and con-fidentiality, that could inhibit the use of the ISS as a commercial incubator; ‘‘(E) an evaluation of the feasible and pre-ferred service life of the ISS beyond the period described in section 503 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353), through at least 2028, as a unique scientific, commercial, and exploration-related facility, including— ‘‘(i) a general discussion of international part-ner capabilities and prospects for extending the partnership, to include the potential for partici-pation by additional countries, for the purposes of the human development and exploration of deep space; ‘‘(ii) a review of essential systems, equipment upgrades, or potential maintenance that would be necessary to extend ISS operations and utili-zation; ‘‘(iii) an evaluation of the cost and schedule requirements associated with the development and delivery of essential systems, equipment up-grades, or potential maintenance identified under clause (ii); ‘‘(iv) an identification of possible inter-national, academic, or industry partner con-tributions, cost-share, and program transitions to provide the upgrades identified under clause (ii); ‘‘(v) impacts on the goals and objectives of the ISS National Laboratory and the management entity responsible for operation of the ISS Na-tional Laboratory; ‘‘(vi) impacts on services provided by the Com-mercial Resupply Services Program and Com-mercial Crew Program to the ISS; ‘‘(vii) impacts on the use of the ISS as a testbed to transition functions of the ISS to the commercial space sector and enhance economic development of low-Earth orbit, including the evolution of self-sustaining commercial activi-ties; ‘‘(viii) an assessment on the technical limiting factors of the ISS lifetime, including a list of critical components and their expected lifetime and availability; ‘‘(ix) an evaluation of the potential for ex-panding the use of ISS facilities to accommodate the needs of researchers and other users, includ-ing changes to policies, regulations, and laws that would stimulate greater private and public involvement on the ISS; and ‘‘(x) such other information as may be nec-essary to fully describe the justification for and feasibility of extending the service life of the ISS, including the potential scientific or techno-logical benefits to the Federal Government, pub-lic, or to academic or commercial entities; ‘‘(F) an evaluation of the functions, roles, and responsibilities for management and oper-ation of the ISS and a determination of— ‘‘(i) those functions, roles, and responsibilities the Federal Government should retain during the lifecycle of the ISS; ‘‘(ii) those functions, roles, and responsibil-ities that could be transferred to the commercial space sector; ‘‘(iii) the metrics that would indicate the com-mercial space sector’s readiness and ability to assume the functions, roles, and responsibilities described in clause (ii); and ‘‘(iv) any necessary changes to any agree-ments or other documents and the law to enable the activities described in subparagraphs (B) and (C); and ‘‘(G) a description of the progress on meeting human exploration research objectives on ISS and prospects for accomplishing future explo-ration and other research objectives on future commercially supplied low-Earth orbit platforms or migration of those objectives to cis-lunar space. ‘‘(3) D
EMONSTRATIONS .—Demonstrations iden-tified under paragraph (2) may— ‘‘(A) test the capabilities described in para-graph (2)(A); and ‘‘(B) demonstrate or test capabilities, includ-ing commercial modules or deep space habitats, Environmental Control and Life Support Sys-tems, orbital satellite assembly, exploration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.145 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7138 December 9, 2016 
space suits, a node that enables a wide variety of activity, including multiple commercial mod-ules and airlocks, additional docking or berth-ing ports for commercial crew and cargo, oppor-tunities for the commercial space sector to cost share for transportation and other services on the ISS, and other commercial activities.’’. 
SEC. 304. INDEMNIFICATION; NASA LAUNCH SERVICES AND REENTRY SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 20148. Indemnification; NASA launch serv-ices and reentry services ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Under such regulations in conformity with this section as the Adminis-trator shall prescribe taking into account the availability, cost, and terms of liability insur-ance, any contract between the Administration and a provider may provide that the United States will indemnify the provider against suc-cessful claims (including reasonable expenses of litigation or settlement) by third parties for death, bodily injury, or loss of or damage to property resulting from launch services and re-entry services carried out under the contract that the contract defines as unusually haz-ardous or nuclear in nature, but only to the ex-tent the total amount of successful claims re-lated to the activities under the contract— ‘‘(1) is more than the amount of insurance or demonstration of financial responsibility de-scribed in subsection (c)(3); and ‘‘(2) is not more than the amount specified in section 50915(a)(1)(B). ‘‘(b) T
ERMS OF INDEMNIFICATION .—A contract made under subsection (a) that provides indem-nification shall provide for— ‘‘(1) notice to the United States of any claim or suit against the provider for death, bodily in-jury, or loss of or damage to property; and ‘‘(2) control of or assistance in the defense by the United States, at its election, of that claim or suit and approval of any settlement. ‘‘(c) L
IABILITY INSURANCE OF THE PRO-
VIDER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The provider under sub-section (a) shall obtain liability insurance or demonstrate financial responsibility in amounts to compensate for the maximum probable loss from claims by— ‘‘(A) a third party for death, bodily injury, or property damage or loss resulting from a launch service or reentry service carried out under the contract; and ‘‘(B) the United States Government for dam-age or loss to Government property resulting from a launch service or reentry service carried out under the contract. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM PROBABLE LOSSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall determine the maximum probable losses under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) not later than 90 days after the date that the pro-vider requests such a determination and submits all information the Administrator requires. ‘‘(B) R
EVISIONS .—The Administrator may re-vise a determination under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph if the Administrator determines the revision is warranted based on new informa-tion. ‘‘(3) A
MOUNT OF INSURANCE .—For the total claims related to one launch or reentry, a pro-vider shall not be required to obtain insurance or demonstrate financial responsibility of more than— ‘‘(A)(i) $500,000,000 under paragraph (1)(A); or ‘‘(ii) $100,000,000 under paragraph (1)(B); or ‘‘(B) the maximum liability insurance avail-able on the world market at reasonable cost. ‘‘(4) C
OVERAGE .—An insurance policy or dem-onstration of financial responsibility under this subsection shall protect the following, to the ex-tent of their potential liability for involvement in launch services or reentry services: ‘‘(A) The Government. ‘‘(B) Personnel of the Government. ‘‘(C) Related entities of the Government. ‘‘(D) Related entities of the provider. ‘‘(E) Government astronauts. ‘‘(d) NOINDEMNIFICATION WITHOUT CROSS- 
WAIVER .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Administrator may not indemnify a provider under this section unless there is a cross-waiver between the Administration and the provider as described in subsection (e). ‘‘(e) C
ROSS-WAIVERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, on be-half of the United States and its departments, agencies, and instrumentalities, shall recip-rocally waive claims with a provider under which each party to the waiver agrees to be re-sponsible, and agrees to ensure that its related entities are responsible, for damage or loss to its property, or for losses resulting from any injury or death sustained by its employees or agents, as a result of activities arising out of the perform-ance of the contract. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The waiver made by the Government under paragraph (1) shall apply only to the extent that the claims are more than the amount of insurance or demonstration of fi-nancial responsibility required under subsection (c)(1)(B). ‘‘(f) W
ILLFUL MISCONDUCT .—Indemnification under subsection (a) may exclude claims result-ing from the willful misconduct of the provider or its related entities. ‘‘(g) C
ERTIFICATION OF JUST AND REASONABLE  A
MOUNT .—No payment may be made under sub-section (a) unless the Administrator or the Ad-ministrator’s designee certifies that the amount is just and reasonable. ‘‘(h) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the approval by the Administrator, payments under subsection (a) may be made from funds appropriated for such payments. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Administrator shall not approve payments under paragraph (1), ex-cept to the extent provided in an appropriation law or to the extent additional legislative au-thority is enacted providing for such payments. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS .—If the Ad- ministrator requests additional appropriations to make payments under this subsection, then the request for those appropriations shall be made in accordance with the procedures estab-lished under section 50915. ‘‘(i) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to indemnify under this section shall not create any rights in third persons that would not otherwise exist by law. ‘‘(2) O
THER AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed as prohibiting the Admin-istrator from indemnifying a provider or any other NASA contractor under other law, includ-ing under Public Law 85–804 (50 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.). ‘‘(3) A
NTI-DEFICIENCY ACT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section— ‘‘(A) all obligations under this section are sub-ject to the availability of funds; and ‘‘(B) nothing in this section may be construed to require obligation or payment of funds in vio-lation of sections 1341, 1342, 1349 through 1351, and 1511 through 1519 of title 31, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Anti-Defi-ciency Act’). ‘‘(j) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—The Ad- ministrator may not provide indemnification under this section for an activity that requires a license or permit under chapter 509. ‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) G
OVERNMENT ASTRONAUT .—The term ‘government astronaut’ has the meaning given the term in section 50902. ‘‘(2) L
AUNCH SERVICES .—The term ‘launch services’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 50902. ‘‘(3) P
ROVIDER .—The term ‘provider’ means a person that provides domestic launch services or domestic reentry services to the Government. ‘‘(4) R
EENTRY SERVICES .—The term ‘reentry services’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 50902. ‘‘(5) RELATED ENTITY .—The term ‘related enti-ty’ means a contractor or subcontractor. ‘‘(6) T
HIRD PARTY .—The term ‘third party’ means a person except— ‘‘(A) the United States Government; ‘‘(B) related entities of the Government in-volved in launch services or reentry services; ‘‘(C) a provider; ‘‘(D) related entities of the provider involved in launch services or reentry services; or ‘‘(E) a government astronaut.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for subchapter III of chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 20147 the following: ‘‘20148. Indemnification; NASA launch services and reentry services.’’. TITLE IV—ADVANCING HUMAN DEEP SPACE EXPLORATION Subtitle A—Human Exploration Goals and Objectives 
SEC. 411. HUMAN EXPLORATION LONG-TERM GOALS. 
Section 202(a) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18312(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) L
ONG-TERM GOALS.—The long-term goals of the human space flight and exploration ef-forts of NASA shall be— ‘‘(1) to expand permanent human presence be-yond low-Earth orbit and to do so, where prac-tical, in a manner involving international, aca-demic, and industry partners; and ‘‘(2) the peaceful settlement of a location in space or on another celestial body and a thriv-ing space economy in the 21st century.’’. 
SEC. 412. GOALS AND OBJECTIVES. 
Section 202(b) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18312(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) to achieve human exploration of Mars, including the establishment of a capability to extend human presence, including potential human habitation, on the surface of Mars.’’. 
SEC. 413. VISION FOR SPACE EXPLORATION. 
Section 20302 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘in cis- lunar space or’’ after ‘‘sustained human pres-ence’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) F
UTURE EXPLORATION OF MARS.—The Administrator shall manage human space flight programs, including the Space Launch System and Orion, to enable humans to explore Mars and other destinations by defining a series of sustainable steps and conducting mission plan-ning, research, and technology development on a timetable that is technically and fiscally pos-sible, consistent with section 70504.’’. 
SEC. 414. EXPLORATION PLAN AND PROGRAMS. 
Section 70502(2) of title 51, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) implement an exploration research and technology development program to enable human and robotic operations consistent with section 20302(b) of this title;’’. 
SEC. 415. STEPPING STONE APPROACH TO EXPLO-RATION. 
Section 70504 of title 51, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70504. Stepping stone approach to explo-ration ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In order to maximize the cost-effectiveness of the long-term exploration and utilization activities of the United States, the Administrator shall take all necessary steps, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.145 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7139 December 9, 2016 
including engaging international, academic, and industry partners, to ensure that activities in the Administration’s human exploration pro-gram balance how those activities might also help meet the requirements of future exploration and utilization activities leading to human hab-itation on the surface of Mars. ‘‘(b) C
OMPLETION .—Within budgetary consid-erations, once an exploration-related project en-ters its development phase, the Administrator shall seek, to the maximum extent practicable, to complete that project without undue delays.’’. Subtitle B—Assuring Core Capabilities for Exploration 
SEC. 421. SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM AND ORION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) NASA has made steady progress in devel-oping and testing the Space Launch System and Orion exploration systems with the successful Exploration Flight Test of Orion in December of 2014, the final qualification test firing of the 5- segment Space Launch System boosters in June 2016, and a full thrust, full duration test firing of the RS–25 Space Launch System core stage engine in August 2016. (2) Through the 21st Century Launch Complex program and Exploration Ground Systems pro-grams, NASA has made significant progress in transforming exploration ground systems infra-structure to meet NASA’s mission requirements for the Space Launch System and Orion and to modernize NASA’s launch complexes to the ben-efit of the civil, defense, and commercial space sectors. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON SPACE LAUNCH SYS-
TEM, ORION, AND EXPLORATION GROUND SYS-
TEMS.—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) as the United States works to send humans on a series of missions on or near Mars in the 2030s, the United States national space program should continue to make progress on its commit-ment by fully developing the Space Launch Sys-tem, Orion, and related Exploration Ground Systems; (2) using the Space Launch System and Orion for a wide range of contemplated missions will facilitate the national defense, science, and ex-ploration objectives of the United States; and (3) the United States should have continuity of purpose for Space Launch System and Orion in deep space exploration missions, using them beginning with the uncrewed mission, EM–1, planned for 2018, followed by the crewed mis-sion, EM–2, in cis-lunar space planned for 2021, and for subsequent missions beginning with EM–3 extending into cis-lunar space and even-tually to Mars. (c) I
NGENERAL .— (1) E
XPLORATION MISSIONS .—The Adminis-trator shall continue development of— (A) an uncrewed exploration mission to dem-onstrate the capability of both the Space Launch System and Orion as an integrated sys-tem by 2018; (B) a crewed exploration mission to dem-onstrate the Space Launch System, including the Core Stage and Exploration Upper Stages, and the crewed Orion mission by 2021; (C) subsequent missions beginning with EM–3 using the Space Launch System and Orion to extend into cis-lunar space and eventually to Mars; and (D) a deep space habitat as the next element in a deep space exploration architecture along with the Space Launch System and Orion. (2) O
THER USES .—The Administrator shall as-sess the utility of the Space Launch System for use by the science community and for other Fed-eral Government launch needs, including con-sideration of overall cost and schedule savings from reduced transit times and increased science returns enabled by the unique capabilities of the Space Launch System. Subtitle C—Journey to Mars SEC. 431. SPACE TECHNOLOGY INFUSION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that advancing propulsion technology would improve the efficiency of trips to Mars and could shorten travel time to Mars, reduce astronaut health risks, and reduce radiation ex-posure, consumables, and mass of materials re-quired for the journey. (b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that the Administrator shall develop tech-nologies to support the Administration’s core missions, as described in section 2(3) of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18301(3)), and support sustained investments in early stage innovation, fundamental research, and technologies to expand the boundaries of the national aerospace enterprise. (c) P
ROPULSION TECHNOLOGIES .—A goal of propulsion technologies developed under sub-section (b) shall be to significantly reduce human travel time to Mars. 
SEC. 432. FINDINGS ON HUMAN SPACE EXPLO-RATION. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In accordance with section 204 of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (124 Stat. 2813), the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, through its Committee on Human Spaceflight, conducted a review of the goals, core capabilities, and direction of human space flight, and published the findings and rec-ommendations in a 2014 report entitled, ‘‘Path-ways to Exploration: Rationales and Ap-proaches for a U.S. Program of Human Space Exploration’’. (2) The Committee on Human Spaceflight in-cluded leaders from the aerospace, scientific, se-curity, and policy communities. (3) With input from the public, the Committee on Human Spaceflight concluded that many practical and aspirational rationales for human space flight together constitute a compelling case for continued national investment and pur-suit of human space exploration toward the ho-rizon goal of Mars. (4) According to the Committee on Human Spaceflight, the rationales include economic benefits, national security, national prestige, in-spiring students and other citizens, scientific discovery, human survival, and a sense of shared destiny. (5) The Committee on Human Spaceflight af-firmed that Mars is the appropriate long-term goal for the human space flight program. (6) The Committee on Human Spaceflight rec-ommended that NASA define a series of sustain-able steps and conduct mission planning and technology development as needed to achieve the long-term goal of placing humans on the surface of Mars. (7) Expanding human presence beyond low- Earth orbit and advancing toward human mis-sions to Mars requires early planning and time-ly decisions to be made in the near-term on the necessary courses of action for commitments to achieve short-term and long-term goals and ob-jectives. (8) In addition to the 2014 report described in paragraph (1), there are several independently developed reports or concepts that describe po-tential Mars architectures or concepts and iden-tify Mars as the long-term goal for human space exploration, including NASA’s ‘‘The Global Ex-ploration Roadmap’’ of 2013, ‘‘NASA’s Journey to Mars–Pioneering Next Steps in Space Explo-ration’’ of 2015, NASA Jet Propulsion Labora-tory’s ‘‘Minimal Architecture for Human Jour-neys to Mars’’ of 2015, and Explore Mars’ ‘‘The Humans to Mars Report 2016’’. 
SEC. 433. STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK FOR HUMAN SPACEFLIGHT AND EXPLORATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) expanding human presence beyond low- Earth orbit and advancing toward human mis-sions to Mars in the 2030s requires early plan-ning and timely decisions to be made in the near-term on the necessary courses of action for commitments to achieve short-term and long- term goals and objectives; (2) for strong and sustained United States leadership, a need exists to advance a strategic framework, addressing exploration objectives in collaboration with international, academic, and industry partners; (3) an approach that incrementally advances toward a long-term goal is one in which nearer- term developments and implementation would influence future development and implementa-tion; and (4) a strategic framework should begin with low-Earth orbit, then address progress beyond low-Earth orbit to cis-lunar space in greater de-tail, and then address future missions ultimately aimed at human arrival and activities on or near Mars. (b) STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall de-velop a strategic framework, including a critical decision plan, to expand human presence be-yond low-Earth orbit, including to cis-lunar space, the moons of Mars, the surface of Mars, and beyond. (2) S
COPE.—The strategic framework shall in-clude— (A) an integrated set of exploration, science, and other goals and objectives of a United States human space exploration program with the long-term goal of human missions near to or on the surface of Mars in the 2030s; (B) opportunities for international, academic, and industry partnerships for exploration-re-lated systems, services, research, and technology if those opportunities provide cost-savings, ac-celerate program schedules, or otherwise benefit the exploration objectives developed under sub-paragraph (A); (C) precursor missions in cis-lunar space and other missions or activities necessary to meet the exploration objectives developed under subpara-graph (A), including anticipated timelines and missions for the Space Launch System and Orion; (D) capabilities and technologies, including the Space Launch System, Orion, a deep space habitat, and other capabilities, that enable the exploration objectives developed under subpara-graph (A); (E) a description of how cis-lunar elements, objectives, and activities advance the human ex-ploration of Mars; (F) an assessment of potential human health and other risks, including radiation exposure; and (G) mitigation plans, whenever possible, to ad-dress the risks identified in subparagraph (F). (3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the stra-tegic framework, the Administrator shall con-sider— (A) using key exploration capabilities, namely the Space Launch System and Orion; (B) using existing commercially available technologies and capabilities or those tech-nologies and capabilities being developed by in-dustry for commercial purposes; (C) an organizational approach to ensure col-laboration and coordination among NASA’s Mission Directorates under section 621, when appropriate, including to collect and return to Earth a sample from the Martian surface; (D) building upon the initial uncrewed mis-sion, EM–1, and first crewed mission, EM–2, of the Space Launch System and Orion to establish a sustainable cadence of missions extending human exploration missions into cis-lunar space, including anticipated timelines and mile-stones; (E) developing the precursor missions and ac-tivities that will demonstrate, test, and develop key technologies and capabilities essential for achieving human missions to Mars, including long-duration human operations beyond low- Earth orbit, space suits, solar electric propul-sion, deep space habitats, environmental control 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.145 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7140 December 9, 2016 
life support systems, Mars lander and ascent ve-hicle, entry, descent, landing, ascent, Mars sur-face systems, and in-situ resource utilization; (F) demonstrating and testing 1 or more habi-tat modules in cis-lunar space to prepare for Mars missions; (G) using public-private, firm fixed-price part-nerships, where practicable; (H) collaborating with international, aca-demic, and industry partners, when appro-priate; (I) risks to human health and sensitive on-board technologies, including radiation expo-sure; (J) evaluating the risks identified through re-search outcomes under the NASA Human Re-search Program’s Behavioral Health Element; and (K) the recommendations and ideas of several independently developed reports or concepts that describe potential Mars architectures or concepts and identify Mars as the long-term goal for human space exploration, including the reports described under section 432(8). (4) C
RITICAL DECISION PLAN ON HUMAN SPACE  
EXPLORATION .—As part of the strategic frame-work, the Administrator shall include a critical decision plan— (A) identifying and defining key decisions guiding human space exploration priorities and plans that need to be made before June 30, 2020, including decisions that may guide human space exploration capability development, precursor missions, long-term missions, and activities; (B) defining decisions needed to maximize effi-ciencies and resources for reaching the near, in-termediate, and long-term goals and objectives of human space exploration; and (C) identifying and defining timelines and milestones for a sustainable cadence of missions beginning with EM–3 for the Space Launch Sys-tem and Orion to extend human exploration from cis-lunar space to the surface of Mars. (5) R
EPORTS .—The Administrator shall submit an initial strategic framework, including a crit-ical decision plan, to the appropriate committees of Congress before December 1, 2017, and an up-dated strategic framework biennially thereafter. 
SEC. 434. ADVANCED SPACE SUIT CAPABILITY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a de-tailed plan for achieving an advanced space suit capability that aligns with the crew needs for exploration enabled by the Space Launch Sys-tem and Orion, including an evaluation of the merit of delivering the planned suit system for use on the ISS. 
SEC. 435. ASTEROID ROBOTIC REDIRECT MIS-SION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) NASA initially estimated that the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission would launch in De-cember 2020 and cost no more than $1,250,000,000, excluding launch and operations. (2) On July 15, 2016, NASA conducted its Key Decision Point–B review of the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission or approval for Phase B in mission formulation. (3) During the Key Decision Point–B review, NASA estimated that costs have grown to $1,400,000,000 excluding launch and operations for a launch in December 2021 and the agency must evaluate whether to accept the increase or reduce the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission’s scope to stay within the cost cap set by the Ad-ministrator. (4) In April 2015, the NASA Advisory Coun-cil— (A) issued a finding that— (i) high-performance solar electric propulsion will likely be an important part of an architec-ture to send humans to Mars; and (ii) maneuvering a large test mass is not nec-essary to provide a valid in-space test of a new solar electric propulsion stage; (B) determined that a solar electric propulsion mission will contribute more directly to the goal of sending humans to Mars if the mission is fo-cused entirely on development and validation of the solar electric propulsion stage; and (C) determined that other possible motivations for acquiring and maneuvering a boulder, such as asteroid science and planetary defense, do not have value commensurate with their prob-able cost. (5) The Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission is competing for resources with other critical ex-ploration development programs, including the Space Launch System, Orion, commercial crew, and a habitation module. (6) In 2014, the NASA Advisory Council rec-ommended that NASA conduct an independent cost and technical assessment of the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission. (7) NASA completed the assessment under paragraph (6) and reviewed it as part of the agency’s Key Decision Point–B review. (8) In 2015, the NASA Advisory Council rec-ommended that NASA preserve the following key objectives if the program needed to be descoped: (A) Development of high power solar electric propulsion. (B) Ability to maneuver in a low gravity envi-ronment in deep space. (9) In January 2015 and July 2015, the NASA Advisory Council expressed its concern to NASA about the potential for growing costs for the program and highlighted that choices would need to be made about the program’s content. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the technological and scientific goals of the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission may not be commensurate with the cost; and (2) alternative missions may provide a more cost effective and scientifically beneficial means to demonstrate the technologies needed for a human mission to Mars that would otherwise be demonstrated by the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission. (c) E
VALUATION AND REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) conduct an evaluation of— (A) alternative approaches to the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission for demonstrating the technologies and capabilities needed for a human mission to Mars that would otherwise be demonstrated by the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission; (B) the scientific and technical benefits of the alternatives approaches identified in subpara-graph (A) compared to the Asteroid Redirect Robotic Mission to future human exploration; (C) the commercial benefits of the alternative approaches identified in subparagraph (A), in-cluding the impact on the development of do-mestic solar electric propulsion technology to bolster United States competitiveness in the global marketplace; and (D) a comparison of the estimated costs of the alternative approaches identified in subpara-graph (A); and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the evaluation under para-graph (1), including any recommendations. Subtitle D—Scott Kelly Human Spaceflight and Exploration Act 
SEC. 441. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Scott Kelly Human Spaceflight and Exploration Act’’. 
SEC. 442. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Human space exploration can pose signifi-cant challenges and is full of substantial risk, which has ultimately claimed the lives of 24 Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration astronauts serving in the line of duty. (2) As United States government astronauts participate in long-duration and exploration spaceflight missions they may experience in-creased health risks, such as vision impairment, bone demineralization, and behavioral health and performance risks, and may be exposed to galactic cosmic radiation. Exposure to high lev-els of radiation and microgravity can result in acute and long-term health consequences that can increase the risk of cancer and tissue degen-eration and have potential effects on the mus-culoskeletal system, central nervous system, car-diovascular system, immune function, and vi-sion. (3) To advance the goal of long-duration and exploration spaceflight missions, United States government astronaut Scott Kelly participated in a 1-year twins study in space while his iden-tical twin brother, former United States govern-ment astronaut Mark Kelly, acted as a human control specimen on Earth, providing an under-standing of the physical, behavioral, micro-biological, and molecular reaction of the human body to an extended period of time in space. (4) Since the Administration currently pro-vides medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treat-ment for United States government astronauts during their active employment, given the un-known long-term health consequences of long- duration space exploration, the Administration has requested statutory authority from Congress to provide medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment to former United States government astronauts for psychological and medical condi-tions associated with human space flight. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should continue to seek the unknown and lead the world in space explo-ration and scientific discovery as the Adminis-tration prepares for long-duration and explo-ration spaceflight in deep space and an even-tual mission to Mars; (2) data relating to the health of astronauts will become increasingly valuable to improving our understanding of many diseases humans face on Earth; (3) the Administration should provide the type of monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment de-scribed in subsection (a) only for conditions the Administration considers unique to the training or exposure to the spaceflight environment of United States government astronauts and should not require any former United States Government astronauts to participate in the Ad-ministration’s monitoring; (4) such monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment should not replace a former United States gov-ernment astronaut’s private health insurance; (5) expanded data acquired from such moni-toring, diagnosis, and treatment should be used to tailor treatment, inform the requirements for new spaceflight medical hardware, and develop controls in order to prevent disease occurrence in the astronaut corps; (6) the Administration’s existing radiation ex-posure standards, which have been used for mis-sions pertaining to the Space Shuttle and the ISS, would limit missions to durations of 150 to 250 days and would pose significant challenges to long-duration or exploration spaceflight or a multiyear mission to Mars; and (7) the 340-day space mission of Scott Kelly aboard the ISS— (A) was pivotal for the goal of the United States for humans to explore deep space and Mars as the mission generated new insight into how the human body adjusts to weightlessness, isolation, radiation, and the stress of long-dura-tion space flight; and (B) will help support the physical and mental well-being of astronauts during longer space ex-ploration missions in the future. 
SEC. 443. MEDICAL MONITORING AND RESEARCH RELATING TO HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, as amended by section 304 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.145 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7141 December 9, 2016 
‘‘§ 20149. Medical monitoring and research re-lating to human space flight ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may provide for the medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treat-ment of a United States government astronaut, or a former United States government astronaut or payload specialist, for conditions that the Administrator considers associated with human space flight, including scientific and medical tests for psychological and medical conditions. ‘‘(b) E
XCLUSIONS .—The Administrator may not— ‘‘(1) provide for medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment of a United States government as-tronaut, or a former United States government astronaut or payload specialist, under sub-section (a) for any psychological or medical con-dition that is not associated with human space flight; or ‘‘(2) require a former United States govern-ment astronaut or payload specialist to partici-pate in the monitoring authorized under sub-section (a). ‘‘(c) P
RIVACY .—Consistent with applicable provisions of law relating to privacy, the Ad-ministrator shall protect the privacy of all med-ical records generated under subsection (a) and accessible to the Administration. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Administrator shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, as amended by section 304 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item re-lating to section 20148 the following: ‘‘20149. Medical monitoring and research relat-ing to human space flight.’’. TITLE V—ADVANCING SPACE SCIENCE 
SEC. 501. MAINTAINING A BALANCED SPACE SCIENCE PORTFOLIO. 
(a) S CIENCE PORTFOLIO .—Section 803 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–267; 124 Stat. 2832) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 803. OVERALL SCIENCE PORTFOLIO. 
‘‘Congress restates its sense that— ‘‘(1) a balanced and adequately funded set of activities, consisting of research and analysis grant programs, technology development, sub-orbital research activities, and small, medium, and large space missions, contributes to a robust and productive science program and serves as a catalyst for innovation and discovery; and ‘‘(2) the Administrator should set science pri-orities by following the guidance provided by the scientific community through the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medi-cine’s decadal surveys.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-lating to section 803 in the table of contents in section 1(b) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–267; 124 Stat. 2806) is amended by striking ‘‘Overall science portfolio-sense of the Congress’’ and inserting ‘‘Overall science portfolio’’. 
SEC. 502. PLANETARY SCIENCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) Administration support for planetary science is critical to enabling greater under-standing of the solar system and the origin of the Earth; (2) the United States leads the world in plan-etary science and can augment its success in that area with appropriate international, aca-demic, and industry partnerships; (3) a mix of small, medium, and large plan-etary science missions is required to sustain a steady cadence of planetary exploration; and (4) robotic planetary exploration is a key com-ponent of preparing for future human explo-ration. (b) M
ISSION PRIORITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with the pri-orities established in the most recent decadal survey for planetary science, the Administrator shall ensure, to the greatest extent practicable, the completion of a balanced set of Discovery, New Frontiers, and flagship missions. (2) MISSION PRIORITY ADJUSTMENTS .—Con- sistent with the set of missions described in paragraph (1), and while maintaining the con-tinuity of scientific data and steady develop-ment of capabilities and technologies, the Ad-ministrator may seek, if necessary, adjustments to mission priorities, schedule, and scope in light of changing budget projections. 
SEC. 503. JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the James Webb Space Telescope should significantly advance our understanding of star and planet formation, improve our knowledge of the early universe, and support United States leadership in astrophysics; and (2) consistent with annual Government Ac-countability Office reviews of the James Webb Space Telescope program, the Administrator should continue robust surveillance of the per-formance of the James Webb Space Telescope project and continue to improve the reliability of cost estimates and contractor performance data and other major spaceflight projects in order to enhance NASA’s ability to successfully deliver the James Webb Space Telescope on-time and within budget. 
SEC. 504. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON WIDE-FIELD INFRARED SURVEY TELESCOPE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope (commonly known as ‘‘WFIRST’’) mission has the potential to enable scientific discoveries that will transform our understanding of the uni-verse; and (2) the Administrator, to the extent prac-ticable, should make progress on the tech-nologies and capabilities needed to position the Administration to meet the objectives, as out-lined in the 2010 National Academies’ Astron-omy and Astrophysics Decadal Survey, in a way that maximizes the scientific productivity of meeting those objectives for the resources in-vested. 
SEC. 505. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MARS 2020 ROVER. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Mars 2020 mission, to develop a Mars rover and to enable the return of samples to Earth, should remain a priority for NASA; and (2) the Mars 2020 mission— (A) should significantly increase our under-standing of Mars; (B) should help determine whether life pre-viously existed on that planet; and (C) should provide opportunities to gather knowledge and demonstrate technologies that address the challenges of future human expedi-tions to Mars. 
SEC. 506. EUROPA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Studies of Europa, Jupiter’s moon, indicate that Europa may provide a habitable environ-ment, as it contains key ingredients known to support life on Earth, including liquid water, heat, chemistry, and time. (2) In 2012, using the Hubble Space Telescope, NASA scientists observed water vapor around the south polar region of Europa, which pro-vides potential evidence of water plumes in that region. (3) For decades, the Europa mission has con-sistently ranked as a high priority mission for the scientific community. (4) The Europa mission was ranked as the top priority mission in the previous Planetary Science Decadal Survey and ranked as the sec-ond-highest priority in the current Planetary Science Decadal Survey. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Europa mission could provide another avenue in which to capitalize on our Nation’s current investment in the Space Launch System that would significantly reduce the transit time for such a deep space mission; and (2) a scientific, robotic exploration mission to Europa, as prioritized in both Planetary Science Decadal Surveys, should be supported. TITLE VI—MAXIMIZING EFFICIENCY Subtitle A—Agency Information Technology and Cybersecurity SEC. 611. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY GOVERN-ANCE. 
The Administrator, in consultation with the chief information officer of NASA, shall— (1) ensure the NASA Chief Information Officer has a significant role in the management, gov-ernance, and oversight processes related to in-formation technology operations and invest-ments and information security programs for the protection of NASA systems; (2) establish the NASA Chief Information Offi-cer as a direct report to the Administrator; (3) ensure the NASA Chief Information Officer has the appropriate resources and insight to oversee NASA information technology and infor-mation security operations and investments; (4) provide an information technology pro-gram management framework to increase the ef-ficiency and effectiveness of information tech-nology investments, including relying on metrics for identifying and reducing potential duplica-tion, waste, and cost; (5) establish a monetary threshold for all agency information technology investments and related contracts, including non-highly and highly specialized and specialized information technology, regardless of the procurement in-strument, over which the NASA Chief Informa-tion Officer shall have final approval; (6) improve the operational linkage between the NASA Chief Information Officer and each NASA mission directorate, center, and mission support office to ensure both agency and mis-sion needs are considered in agency-wide infor-mation technology and information security management and oversight; (7) review the portfolio of information tech-nology investments and spending, including in-formation technology-related investments in-cluded as part of activities within NASA mission directorates that may not be considered informa-tion technology, to ensure investments are rec-ognized and reported appropriately based on guidance from the Office of Management and Budget; (8) consider appropriate revisions to the char-ters of information technology boards and coun-cils that inform information technology invest-ment and operation decisions; and (9) consider whether the NASA Chief Informa-tion Officer should have a seat on any boards or councils described in paragraph (8). 
SEC. 612. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STRA-TEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the NASA Chief Information Officer, in con-sultation with the chief information officer of each Administration center, shall develop an in-formation technology strategic plan to guide NASA information technology management and strategic objectives. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the stra-tegic plan, the NASA Chief Information Officer shall ensure that the strategic plan is consistent with— (1) the deadline under section 306(a) of title 5, United States Code; and (2) the requirements under section 3506 of title 44, United States Code. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan shall in-clude— (1) near and long-term goals and objectives for leveraging information technology; (2) a plan for how the NASA Chief Informa-tion Officer will submit to Congress of a list of information technology projects, including com-pletion dates and risk level in accordance with guidance from the Office of Management and Budget; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.145 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7142 December 9, 2016 
(3) an implementation overview for an agency- wide centralized approach to information tech-nology investments and operations, including reducing barriers to cross-center collaboration; (4) coordination by the NASA Chief Informa-tion Officer with centers and mission direc-torates to ensure that information technology policies are effectively and efficiently imple-mented across the agency; (5) a plan to increase the efficiency and effec-tiveness of information technology investments, including a description of how unnecessarily duplicative, wasteful, legacy, or outdated infor-mation technology across NASA will be identi-fied and eliminated, and a schedule for the identification and elimination of such informa-tion technology; (6) a plan for improving the information secu-rity of agency information and agency informa-tion systems, including improving security con-trol assessments and role-based security training of employees; and (7) submission by the NASA Chief Information Officer to Congress of information regarding high risk projects and cybersecurity risks. (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—The NASA Chief Information Officer shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the strategic plan under subsection (a) and any updates thereto. 
SEC. 613. CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) F INDING .—The security of NASA informa-tion and information systems is vital to the suc-cess of the mission of the agency. (b) I
NFORMATION SECURITY PLAN.—Section 1207 of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18445) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a) through (c) as subsections (b) through (d), respectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (b), as redes-ignated, the following: ‘‘(a) A
GENCY -WIDE INFORMATION SECURITY  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2016, the Administrator shall implement the information security plan developed under paragraph (2) and take such further actions as the Administrator considers necessary to improve the information security system in accordance with this section. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION SECURITY PLAN .—Subject to paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), the chief informa-tion officer of NASA, shall develop an agency- wide information security plan to enhance in-formation security for NASA information and information infrastructure. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the plan under paragraph (2), the chief information offi-cer shall ensure that the plan— ‘‘(A) is consistent with policies, standards, guidelines, and directives on information secu-rity under subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code; ‘‘(B) is consistent with the standards and guidelines under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code; and ‘‘(C) meets applicable National Institute of Standards and Technology information security standards and guidelines. ‘‘(4) A
PPROVAL .—The chief information officer shall submit the plan to the Administrator for approval prior to its implementation. ‘‘(5) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall include— ‘‘(A) an overview of the requirements of the information security system; ‘‘(B) an agency-wide risk management frame-work for information security; ‘‘(C) a description of the information security system management controls and common con-trols that are necessary to ensure compliance with information security-related requirements; ‘‘(D) an identification and assignment of roles, responsibilities, and management commit-ment for information security at the agency; ‘‘(E) coordination among organizational enti-ties, including between each center, facility, mission directorate, and mission support office, and among agency entities responsible for dif-ferent aspects of information security; ‘‘(F) heightened consideration of the need to protect the information security of mission-crit-ical systems and activities and high-impact and moderate-impact information systems; and ‘‘(G) a schedule of frequent reviews and up-dates, as necessary, of the plan.’’; and (3) in subsection (b), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) an update on the agency’s efforts to apply additional information security protec-tions to secure high-impact and moderate-im-pact information systems and mission-critical systems and activities, including those systems that control spacecraft and maintain critical data sources.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 3545’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3555’’. SEC. 614. OVERSIGHT IMPLEMENTATION PROGRESS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the information security plan under sec-tion 1207 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18445), as amended, is developed and im-plemented agency-wide, the Administrator shall provide to the appropriate committees of Con-gress an update on the progress made toward implementation of or response to— (1) the information security plan under that section; and (2) the information security-related rec-ommendations made by the NASA Inspector General and the Comptroller General in the 5 years preceding the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 615. SOFTWARE OVERSIGHT. 
The Administrator shall— (1) develop a strategic plan to transition NASA from legacy software by adopting a serv-ice-based acquisition model in line with industry best practices; (2) develop and implement an agency-wide software license management policy to improve centralization, lifecycle management, and pro-curement education, including education on contract negotiations, relevant laws and regula-tions, and agency-wide contract terms and con-ditions; and (3) direct an agency-wide inventory of NASA’s total software licenses and spending, including costs, benefits, usage, and trending data. 
SEC. 616. SECURITY MANAGEMENT OF FOREIGN NATIONAL ACCESS. 
The Administrator shall notify the appro-priate committees of Congress when the agency has implemented the information technology se-curity recommendations from the National Academy of Public Administration on foreign national access management, based on reports from January 2014 and March 2016. 
SEC. 617. CYBERSECURITY OF WEB APPLICA-TIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the NASA Chief Informa-tion Officer shall— (1) develop a plan, including such actions and milestones as are necessary, to fully remediate security vulnerabilities of NASA web applica-tions within a timely fashion after discovery; and (2) implement the recommendation from the NASA Inspector General in the audit report dated July 10, 2014, (IG–14–023) to remove from the Internet or secure with a web application firewall all NASA web applications in develop-ment or testing mode. Subtitle B—Collaboration Among Mission Directorates and Other Matters SEC. 621. COLLABORATION AMONG MISSION DI-RECTORATES. 
The Administrator shall encourage an inter-disciplinary approach among all NASA mission directorates and divisions, whenever appro-priate, for projects or missions— (1) to improve coordination, and encourage collaboration and early planning on scope; (2) to determine areas of overlap or alignment; (3) to find ways to leverage across divisional perspectives to maximize outcomes; and (4) to be more efficient with resources and funds. 
SEC. 622. NASA LAUNCH CAPABILITIES COLLABO-RATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Launch Services Program is respon-sible for the acquisition, management, and tech-nical oversight of commercial launch services for NASA’s science and robotic missions. (2) The Commercial Crew Program is respon-sible for the acquisition, management, and tech-nical oversight of commercial crew transpor-tation systems. (3) The Launch Services Program and Com-mercial Crew Program have worked together to gain exceptional technical insight into the con-tracted launch service providers that are com-mon to both programs. (4) The Launch Services Program has a long history of oversight of 12 different launch vehi-cles and over 80 launches. (5) Co-location of the Launch Services Pro-gram and Commercial Crew Program has en-abled the Commercial Crew Program to effi-ciently obtain the launch vehicle technical ex-pertise of and provide engineering and analyt-ical support to the Commercial Crew Program. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Launch Services Program and Commer-cial Crew Program each benefit from commu-nication and coordination of launch manifests, technical information, and common launch ve-hicle insight between the programs; and (2) such communication and coordination is enabled by the co-location of the programs. (c) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall pursue a strategy for acquisition of crewed transportation services and non-crewed launch services that continues to enhance communica-tion, collaboration, and coordination between the Launch Services Program and the Commer-cial Crew Program. 
SEC. 623. COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH COOPERA-TION. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress recognized the benefit of commercial space launch cooperation between the Federal Government and the private sector when it granted the Secretary of Defense au-thority to foster cooperation between the De-partment of Defense and certain covered entities relating to space transportation infrastructure under section 2276 of title 10, United States Code. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Administrator should take into account the unique needs and obligations that multi- user, public State spaceports may have with the State government as well as current and pro-spective contractual arrangements with commer-cial and government customers when developing and carrying out agreements under section 50507 of title 51, United States Code, with State space-ports operating on NASA facilities; and (2) the authority granted under section 50507 of title 51, United States Code, is not intended to supersede or conflict with the congressional in-tent and purposes codified in chapter 509 of that title, the responsibilities of the Secretary of Transportation under section 50913 of that title, or with the intent of section 50504 of that title. (c) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 505 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.145 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7143 December 9, 2016 
‘‘§ 50507. Commercial launch cooperation ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY FOR AGREEMENTS RELATING  
TOSPACE TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE .— The Administrator— ‘‘(1) may enter into an agreement with a cov-ered entity to provide the covered entity with support and services related to the space trans-portation infrastructure of the Administration— ‘‘(A) to maximize the use of the space trans-portation infrastructure of the Administration by the private sector in the United States; ‘‘(B) to maximize the effectiveness and effi-ciency of the space transportation infrastruc-ture of the Administration; ‘‘(C) to reduce the cost of services provided by the Administration related to space transpor-tation infrastructure at launch support facilities and space recovery support facilities; and ‘‘(D) to encourage commercial space activities by enabling investment by covered entities in the space transportation infrastructure of the Administration; and ‘‘(2) at the request of the covered entity, may include that support and services in the con-tracted space launch and reentry range support requirements of the Administration if— ‘‘(A) the Administrator determines that in-cluding that support and services in the require-ments— ‘‘(i) is in the best interest of the Federal Gov-ernment; ‘‘(ii) does not interfere with the requirements of the Administration; ‘‘(iii) does not compete with the commercial space activities of other covered entities; and ‘‘(iv) does not result in the Administration re-taining ownership of assets which are no longer needed to meet a programmatic mission of the Administration; and ‘‘(B) any commercial requirement included in the agreement has full non-Federal funding be-fore the execution of the agreement. ‘‘(b) C
ONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may enter into an agreement with a covered entity on a cooperative and voluntary basis to accept funds, services, and equipment to carry out the purposes in subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) U
SE OF CONTRIBUTIONS .—Any funds, services, or equipment accepted by the Adminis-trator under this subsection— ‘‘(A) may be used only for the objectives speci-fied in this section in accordance with terms of use set forth in the agreement entered into under this subsection; and ‘‘(B) shall be managed by the Administrator in accordance with procedures prescribed under subsection (d). ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO AGREE -
MENTS .—An agreement entered into with a cov-ered entity under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) address the terms of use, ownership, and disposition of the funds, services, or equipment contributed under the agreement; ‘‘(B) include a provision that the covered enti-ty will not recover the costs of its contribution through any other agreement with the United States; and ‘‘(C) include a provision that the contribution of a covered entity will not preclude access to or use by another covered entity. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than Janu-ary 31 of each year, the Administrator shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the process used to establish agree-ments under subsections (a) and (b), including noticing announcements of opportunities and criteria for selecting a covered entity, and the funds, services, and equipment accepted and used by the Administrator under this section during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURES .—The Administrator shall prescribe procedures to carry out this section consistent with sections 50504 and 50913. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘covered entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a non-Federal entity that— ‘‘(i) is organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States; and ‘‘(ii) is engaged in commercial space activities; or ‘‘(B) an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a non-Federal entity described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) LAUNCH SUPPORT FACILITIES .—The term ‘launch support facilities’ has the meaning given the term in section 50501. ‘‘(3) S
PACE RECOVERY SUPPORT FACILITIES .— The term ‘space recovery support facilities’ has the meaning given the term in section 50501. ‘‘(4) S
PACE TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—The term ‘space transportation infra-structure’ has the meaning given that term in section 50501.’’. (d) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 505 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relat-ing to section 50506 the following: ‘‘50507. Commercial space launch cooperation.’’. 
SEC. 624. DETECTION AND AVOIDANCE OF COUN-TERFEIT PARTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) A 2012 investigation by the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate of counterfeit elec-tronic parts in the Department of Defense sup-ply chain from 2009 through 2010 uncovered 1,800 cases and over 1,000,000 counterfeit parts and exposed the threat such counterfeit parts pose to service members and national security. (2) Since 2010, the Comptroller General of the United States has identified in 3 separate re-ports the risks and challenges associated with counterfeit parts and counterfeit prevention at both the Department of Defense and NASA, in-cluding inconsistent definitions of counterfeit parts, poorly targeted quality control practices, and potential barriers to improvements to these practices. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the presence of counterfeit elec-tronic parts in the NASA supply chain poses a danger to United States government astronauts, crew, and other personnel and a risk to the agency overall. (c) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall revise the NASA Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to improve the detection and avoidance of counterfeit elec-tronic parts in the supply chain. (2) C
ONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES .—In revis- ing the regulations under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall— (A) require each covered contractor— (i) to detect and avoid the use or inclusion of any counterfeit parts in electronic parts or prod-ucts that contain electronic parts; (ii) to take such corrective actions as the Ad-ministrator considers necessary to remedy the use or inclusion described in clause (i); and (iii) including a subcontractor, to notify the applicable NASA contracting officer not later than 30 calendar days after the date the covered contractor becomes aware, or has reason to sus-pect, that any end item, component, part or ma-terial contained in supplies purchased by NASA, or purchased by a covered contractor or subcon-tractor for delivery to, or on behalf of, NASA, contains a counterfeit electronic part or suspect counterfeit electronic part; and (B) prohibit the cost of counterfeit electronic parts, suspect counterfeit electronic parts, and any corrective action described under subpara-graph (A)(ii) from being included as allowable costs under agency contracts, unless— (i)(I) the covered contractor has an oper-ational system to detect and avoid counterfeit electronic parts and suspect counterfeit elec-tronic parts that has been reviewed and ap-proved by NASA or the Department of Defense; and (II) the covered contractor has provided the notice under subparagraph (A)(iii); or (ii) the counterfeit electronic parts or suspect counterfeit electronic parts were provided to the covered contractor as Government property in accordance with part 45 of the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation. (3) SUPPLIERS OF ELECTRONIC PARTS .—In re- vising the regulations under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall— (A) require NASA and covered contractors, in-cluding subcontractors, at all tiers— (i) to obtain electronic parts that are in pro-duction or currently available in stock from— (I) the original manufacturers of the parts or their authorized dealers; or (II) suppliers who obtain such parts exclu-sively from the original manufacturers of the parts or their authorized dealers; and (ii) to obtain electronic parts that are not in production or currently available in stock from suppliers that meet qualification requirements established under subparagraph (C); (B) establish documented requirements con-sistent with published industry standards or Government contract requirements for— (i) notification of the agency; and (ii) inspection, testing, and authentication of electronic parts that NASA or a covered con-tractor, including a subcontractor, obtains from any source other than a source described in sub-paragraph (A); (C) establish qualification requirements, con-sistent with the requirements of section 2319 of title 10, United States Code, pursuant to which NASA may identify suppliers that have appro-priate policies and procedures in place to detect and avoid counterfeit electronic parts and sus-pect counterfeit electronic parts; and (D) authorize a covered contractor, including a subcontractor, to identify and use additional suppliers beyond those identified under sub-paragraph (C) if— (i) the standards and processes for identifying such suppliers comply with established industry standards; (ii) the covered contractor assumes responsi-bility for the authenticity of parts provided by such suppliers under paragraph (2); and (iii) the selection of such suppliers is subject to review and audit by NASA. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR .—The term ‘‘covered contractor’’ means a contractor that supplies an electronic part, or a product that contains an electronic part, to NASA. (2) E
LECTRONIC PART .—The term ‘‘electronic part’’ means a discrete electronic component, in-cluding a microcircuit, transistor, capacitor, re-sistor, or diode, that is intended for use in a safety or mission critical application. 
SEC. 625. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States competitiveness in the 21st century requires engaging the science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this section as ‘‘STEM’’) talent in all States; (2) the Administration is uniquely positioned to educate and inspire students and the broader public on STEM subjects and careers; (3) the Administration’s Education and Com-munication Offices, Mission Directorates, and Centers have been effective in delivering edu-cational content because of the strong engage-ment of Administration scientists and engineers in the Administration’s education and outreach activities; and (4) the Administration’s education and out-reach programs, including the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (EPSCoR) and the Space Grant College and Fel-lowship Program, reflect the Administration’s successful commitment to growing and diversi-fying the national science and engineering workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.145 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7144 December 9, 2016 
(b) C ONTINUATION OF EDUCATION AND OUT-
REACH ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall con-tinue engagement with the public and education opportunities for students via all the Adminis-tration’s mission directorates to the maximum extent practicable. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the Administration’s near- term outreach plans for advancing space law education. 
SEC. 626. LEVERAGING COMMERCIAL SATELLITE SERVICING CAPABILITIES ACROSS MISSION DIRECTORATES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Refueling and relocating aging satellites to extend their operational lifetimes is a capacity that NASA will substantially benefit from and is important for lowering the costs of ongoing sci-entific, national security, and commercial sat-ellite operations. (2) The technologies involved in satellite serv-icing, such as dexterous robotic arms, propellant transfer systems, and solar electric propulsion, are all critical capabilities to support a human exploration mission to Mars. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) satellite servicing is a vital capability that will bolster the capacity and affordability of NASA’s ongoing scientific and human explo-ration operations while simultaneously enhanc-ing the ability of domestic companies to compete in the global marketplace; and (2) future NASA satellites and spacecraft across mission directorates should be con-structed in a manner that allows for servicing in order to maximize operational longevity and af-fordability. (c) L
EVERAGING OF CAPABILITIES .—The Ad- ministrator shall identify orbital assets in both the Science Mission Directorate and the Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate that could benefit from satellite servicing-related technologies, and shall work across all NASA mission directorates to evaluate opportunities for the private sector to perform such services or advance technical capabilities by leveraging the technologies and techniques developed by NASA programs and other industry programs. 
SEC. 627. FLIGHT OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PAYLOADS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to conduct nec-essary research, the Administrator shall con-tinue and, as the Administrator considers ap-propriate, expand the development of tech-nology payloads for— (A) scientific research; and (B) investigating new or improved capabilities. (2) F
UNDS.—For the purpose of carrying out paragraph (1), the Administrator shall make funds available for— (A) flight testing; (B) payload development; and (C) hardware related to subparagraphs (A) and (B). (b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress re-affirms that the Administrator should provide flight opportunities for payloads to microgravity environments and suborbital altitudes as au-thorized by section 907 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18405). 
SEC. 628. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SMALL CLASS LAUNCH MISSIONS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Venture Class Launch Services contracts awarded under the Launch Services Program will expand opportunities for future dedicated launches of CubeSats and other small satellites and small orbital science missions; and (2) principal investigator-led small orbital science missions, including CubeSat class, Small Explorer (SMEX) class, and Venture class, offer valuable opportunities to advance science at low cost, train the next generation of scientists and engineers, and enable participants to acquire skills in systems engineering and systems inte-gration that are critical to maintaining the Na-tion’s leadership in space and to enhancing United States innovation and competitiveness abroad. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn; the Cruz-Nelson substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. The amendment (No. 5180) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 3346), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 200TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY OF THE SEN-ATE Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 641, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 641) celebrating the 200th anniversary of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 641) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HOUSE BILLS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following bills en bloc: H.R. 5948, H.R. 6138, H.R. 6282, and H.R. 6304. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed en bloc and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
JONATHAN ‘‘J.D.’’ DE GUZMAN POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 5948) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 830 Kuhn Drive in Chula Vista, California, as the ‘‘Jona-than ‘J.D.’ De Guzman Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
U.S. NAVAL CONSTRUCTION BAT-TALION ‘‘SEABEES’’ FALLEN HE-ROES POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 6138) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 560 East Pleasant Valley Road, Port Hueneme, Cali-fornia, as the U.S. Naval Construction Battalion ‘‘Seabees’’ Fallen Heroes Post Office Building, was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DR. ROSCOE C. BROWN, JR. POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 6282) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2024 Jerome Avenue, in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Dr. Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ADOLFO ‘‘HARPO’’ CELAYA POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 6304) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 North Main Street in Florence, Arizona, as the ‘‘Adolfo ‘Harpo’ Celaya Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
PRESERVING REHABILITATION INNOVATION CENTERS ACT OF 2015 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of S. 1168 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1168) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to preserve access to re-habilitation innovation centers under the Medicare program. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Kirk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.145 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7145 December 9, 2016 
amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5181) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preserving Rehabilitation Innovation Centers Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In the United States, there are an esti-mated 1,181 inpatient rehabilitation facili-ties. Among these facilities is a small group of inpatient rehabilitation institutions that are contributing to the future of rehabilita-tion care medicine, as well as to patient re-covery, scientific innovation, and quality of life. (2) This unique category of inpatient reha-bilitation institutions treats the most com-plex patient conditions, such as traumatic brain injury, stroke, spinal cord injury, childhood disease, burns, and wartime inju-ries. (3) These leading inpatient rehabilitation institutions are all not-for-profit or Govern-ment-owned institutions and serve a high volume of Medicare or Medicaid bene-ficiaries. (4) These leading inpatient rehabilitation institutions have been recognized by the Federal Government for their contributions to cutting-edge research to develop solutions that enhance quality of care, improve pa-tient outcomes, and reduce health care costs. (5) These leading inpatient rehabilitation institutions help to improve the practice and standard of rehabilitation medicine across the Nation in urban, suburban, and rural communities by training physicians, medical students, and other clinicians, and providing care to patients from all 50 States. (6) It is vital that these leading inpatient rehabilitation institutions are supported so they can continue to lead the Nation’s ef-forts to— (A) advance integrated, multidisciplinary rehabilitation research; (B) provide cutting-edge medical care to the most complex rehabilitation patients; (C) serve as education and training facili-ties for the physicians, nurses, and other health professionals who serve rehabilitation patients; (D) ensure Medicare and Medicaid bene-ficiaries receive state-of-the-art, high-qual-ity rehabilitation care by developing and dis-seminating best practices and advancing the quality of care utilized by post-acute pro-viders in all 50 States; and (E) support other inpatient rehabilitation institutions in rural areas to help ensure ac-cess to quality post-acute care for patients living in these communities. 
SEC. 3. STUDY AND REPORT RELATING TO THE COSTS INCURRED BY, AND THE MEDICARE PAYMENTS MADE TO, RE-HABILITATION INNOVATION CEN-TERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(j) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (9); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(8) S
TUDY AND REPORT RELATING TO THE  
COSTS INCURRED BY , AND THE MEDICARE PAY -MENTS MADE TO , REHABILITATION INNOVATION  
CENTERS .— ‘‘(A) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to assess the costs incurred by reha-bilitation innovation centers (as defined in subparagraph (C)) that are beyond the pro-spective rate for each of the following activi-ties: ‘‘(i) Furnishing items and services to indi-viduals under this title. ‘‘(ii) Conducting research. ‘‘(iii) Providing medical training. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port containing the results of the study under subparagraph (A), together with rec-ommendations for such legislation and ad-ministrative action as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. ‘‘(C) R
EHABILITATION INNOVATION CENTER  
DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term ‘rehabilitation innovation center’ means a rehabilitation facility that, deter-mined as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph, is described in clause (ii) or clause (iii). ‘‘(ii) N
OT-FOR-PROFIT .—A rehabilitation fa-cility described in this clause is a facility that— ‘‘(I) is classified as a not-for-profit entity under the IRF Rate Setting File for the Cor-rection Notice for the Inpatient Rehabilita-tion Facility Prospective Payment System for Federal Fiscal Year 2012 (78 Fed. Reg. 59256); ‘‘(II) holds at least one Federal rehabilita-tion research and training designation for re-search projects on traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, or stroke rehabilitation research from the Rehabilitation Research and Training Centers or the Rehabilitation Engineering Research Center at the National Institute on Disability and Rehabilitation Research at the Department of Education, based on such data submitted to the Sec-retary by a facility, in a form, manner, and time frame specified by the Secretary; ‘‘(III) has a minimum Medicare case mix index of 1.1144 for fiscal year 2012 according to the IRF Rate Setting File described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(IV) had at least 300 Medicare discharges or at least 200 Medicaid discharges in a prior year as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) G
OVERNMENT -OWNED .—A rehabilita-tion facility described in this clause is a fa-cility that— ‘‘(I) is classified as a Government-owned institution under the IRF Rate Setting File described in clause (ii)(I); ‘‘(II) holds at least one Federal rehabilita-tion research and training designation for re-search projects on traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, or stroke rehabilitation research from the Rehabilitation Research and Training Centers, the Rehabilitation En-gineering Research Center, or the Model Spi-nal Cord Injury Systems at the National In-stitute on Disability and Rehabilitation Re-search at the Department of Education, based on such data submitted to the Sec-retary by a facility, in a form, manner, and time frame specified by the Secretary; ‘‘(III) has a minimum Medicare case mix index of 1.1144 for 2012 according to the IRF Rate Setting File described in clause (ii)(I); and ‘‘(IV) has a Medicare disproportionate share hospital (DSH) percentage of at least 0.6300 according to the IRF Rate Setting File described in clause (ii)(I)).’’. 
The bill (S. 1168), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. AUTHORIZING THE USE OF POST- 9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 3021 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 3021) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the use of Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to pursue inde-pendent study programs at certain edu-cational institutions that are not institu-tions of higher learning. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Inhofe- Blumenthal substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5182) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 3021), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ESSENTIAL TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICATION CRE-DENTIAL ASSESSMENT ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 436, H.R. 710. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 710) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehen-sive security assessment of the transpor-tation security card program, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPREHENSIVE SECURITY ASSESSMENT OF THE TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICATION CREDENTIAL PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall commission a 2-phase comprehensive assessment of the effec-tiveness of the Transportation Worker Identi-fication Credential Program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘TWIC Program’’ under section 70105 of title 46, United States Code) at enhanc-ing security and reducing security risks for fa-cilities and vessels regulated pursuant to chap-ter 701 of title 46, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.186 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7146 December 9, 2016 
(b) L OCATION .—The assessment commissioned pursuant to subsection (a) shall be conducted by a national laboratory or a university-based cen-ter within the Department of Homeland Security centers of excellence network. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment commissioned pursuant to subsection (a) shall include— (1) in phase 1, a review of the credentialing process, including— (A) the appropriateness of vetting standards; (B) whether the fee structure adequately re-flects the current costs of vetting; and (C) whether there is unnecessary overlap be-tween other transportation security credentials; (2) in phase 2, which shall follow the imple-mentation of the TWIC reader rule— (A) an evaluation of the extent to which the TWIC Program, as implemented, addresses known or likely security risks in the maritime environment; and (B) the technology, business process, and operational impacts of the use of the transpor-tation worker identification credentials and TWIC readers in the maritime environment; (3) an evaluation of the extent to which defi-ciencies identified by the Comptroller General have been addressed; and (4) a cost-benefit analysis of the TWIC Pro-gram, as implemented. (d) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN; PROGRAM RE-
FORMS .—If, as part of the assessment submitted by the Secretary under subsection (a), the Sec-retary identifies a deficiency in effectiveness of the TWIC Program, the Secretary, not later than 120 days after such submission, shall sub-mit a corrective action plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— (1) responds to findings of the assessment com-missioned under this section; (2) includes an implementation plan with benchmarks; (3) may include programmatic reforms, revi-sions to regulations, or proposals for legislation; and (4) shall be considered in any rulemaking by the Department of Homeland Security relating to the TWIC Program. (e) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—If a correc-tive action plan is required under subsection (d), the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security, not later than 120 days after the submission of such plan, shall— (1) review the extent to which such plan im-plements— (A) recommendations issued by the national laboratory or university-based center of excel-lence, as applicable, in the assessment submitted under subsection (a); and (B) recommendations issued by the Comp-troller General before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives about the responsiveness of such plan to such recommendations. (f) T
RANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICATION  C
REDENTIAL RULES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may not issue additional rules relating to the issuance of transportation worker identi-fication credentials or the use of TWIC readers until— (A) the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security notifies the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that the submis-sion under subsection (d) is responsive to the recommendations of the Inspector General; and (B) the Secretary issues an updated list of TWIC readers that are compatible with active transportation worker security credentials. (2) LIMITATION ON APPLICATION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to any final rule issued pursuant to the notice of proposed rule-making on Transportation Worker Identifica-tion Credential (TWIC)-Reader Requirements published by the Coast Guard on March 22, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 17781). (g) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL OVERSIGHT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the issuance of the corrective action plan under subsection (d), and every 6 months thereafter during the 3-year period following the date of the issuance of the first report under this sub-section, the Inspector General shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes implementation of such plan. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn; that the Thune sub-stitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. The amendment (No. 5183) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute.) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTI-FICATION CREDENTIAL SECURITY CARD PROGRAM IMPROVEMENTS AND ASSESSMENT. 
(a) C REDENTIAL IMPROVEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall commence actions, consistent with section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, to improve the Trans-portation Security Administration’s process for vetting individuals with access to secure areas of vessels and maritime facilities. (2) R
EQUIRED ACTIONS .—The actions de-scribed under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) conducting a comprehensive risk anal-ysis of security threat assessment proce-dures, including— (i) identifying those procedures that need additional internal controls; and (ii) identifying best practices for quality assurance at every stage of the security threat assessment; (B) implementing the additional internal controls and best practices identified under subparagraph (A); (C) improving fraud detection techniques, such as— (i) by establishing benchmarks and a proc-ess for electronic document validation; (ii) by requiring annual training for Trust-ed Agents; and (iii) by reviewing any security threat as-sessment-related information provided by Trusted Agents and incorporating any new threat information into updated guidance under subparagraph (D); (D) updating the guidance provided to Trusted Agents regarding the vetting process and related regulations; (E) finalizing a manual for Trusted Agents and adjudicators on the vetting process; and (F) establishing quality controls to ensure consistent procedures to review adjudication decisions and terrorism vetting decisions. (3) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security shall submit a report to Con-gress that evaluates the implementation of the actions described in paragraph (1). (b) C
OMPREHENSIVE SECURITY ASSESSMENT  
OF THE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY CARDPRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall com-mission an assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program (referred to in this section as ‘‘Program’’) re-quired under section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, at enhancing security and re-ducing security risks for facilities and ves-sels regulated under chapter 701 of that title. (2) L
OCATION .—The assessment commis-sioned under paragraph (1) shall be con-ducted by a research organization with sig-nificant experience in port or maritime secu-rity, such as— (A) a national laboratory; (B) a university-based center within the Science and Technology Directorate’s cen-ters of excellence network; or (C) a qualified federally-funded research and development center. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment commis-sioned under paragraph (1) shall— (A) review the credentialing process by de-termining— (i) the appropriateness of vetting stand-ards; (ii) whether the fee structure adequately reflects the current costs of vetting; (iii) whether there is unnecessary redun-dancy or duplication with other Federal- or State-issued transportation security creden-tials; and (iv) the appropriateness of having varied Federal and State threat assessments and access controls; (B) review the process for renewing appli-cations for Transportation Worker Identi-fication Credentials, including the number of days it takes to review application, appeal, and waiver requests for additional informa-tion; and (C) review the security value of the Pro-gram by— (i) evaluating the extent to which the Pro-gram, as implemented, addresses known or likely security risks in the maritime and port environments; (ii) evaluating the potential for a non-bio-metric credential alternative; (iii) identifying the technology, business process, and operational impacts of the use of the transportation security card and transportation security card readers in the maritime and port environments; (iv) assessing the costs and benefits of the Program, as implemented; and (v) evaluating the extent to which the Sec-retary of Homeland Security has addressed the deficiencies in the Program identified by the Government Accountability Office and the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security before the date of enact-ment of this Act. (4) D
EADLINES .—The assessment commis-sioned under paragraph (1) shall be com-pleted not later than 1 year after the date on which the assessment is commissioned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.146 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7147 December 9, 2016 
(5) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date that the assess-ment is completed, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives the results of the assessment commissioned under this subsection. (c) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN; PROGRAM RE-
FORMS .—If the assessment commissioned under subsection (b) identifies a deficiency in the effectiveness of the Program, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, not later than 60 days after the date on which the assess-ment is completed, shall submit a corrective action plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— (1) responds to findings of the assessment; (2) includes an implementation plan with benchmarks; (3) may include programmatic reforms, re-visions to regulations, or proposals for legis-lation; and (4) shall be considered in any rulemaking by the Department of Homeland Security re-lating to the Program. (d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—If a cor- rective action plan is submitted under sub-section (c), the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall— (1) not later than 120 days after the date of such submission, review the extent to which such plan implements the requirements under subsection (c); and (2) not later than 18 months after the date of such submission, and annually thereafter for 3 years, submit a report to the congres-sional committees set forth in subsection (c) that describes the progress of the implemen-tation of such plan. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 710), as amended, was passed. 
f 
TRIBAL INFRASTRUCTURE AND ROADS ENHANCEMENT AND SAFETY ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 378, S. 1776. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1776) to enhance tribal road safe-ty, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal Infra-structure and Roads Enhancement and Safety Act’’ or ‘‘TIRES Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) I
NDIAN RESERVATION .—The term ‘‘Indian reservation’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘reservation’’ in section 3 of the Indian Financ-ing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1452). (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. APPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU-SIONS TO CERTAIN TRIBAL TRANS-PORTATION FACILITIES. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Effective on the date of en-actment of this Act, a highway project, includ-ing projects administered by the Bureau of In-dian Affairs, located on a road eligible for as-sistance under section 202 of title 23, United States Code, is deemed to be an action categori-cally excluded from the requirements relating to environmental assessments or environmental im-pact statements under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if the project— (A) qualifies for categorical exclusion under— (i) MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 405) or an amendment made by that Act; or (ii) section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); or (B) would meet those requirements if the project sponsor were a State agency. (2) MAP–21 
CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO CER -
TAIN TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILITIES .—Sec- tion 1317 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 126 Stat. 550) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; (B) beginning in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) designate’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall designate’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(2) not later than’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall, not later than’’; and (D) in subsection (a) (as designated by sub-paragraph (B)), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS  
TO CERTAIN TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILI -
TIES.—With respect to a project described in paragraph (1) that is located on a road eligible for assistance under section 202 of title 23, United States Code, for the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of the TIRES Act, and each fiscal year thereafter, the amount re-ferred to in paragraph (1)(A) shall be adjusted to reflect changes for the 12-month period end-ing the preceding November 30 in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor.’’. (b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary may issue guidance or rules for the administration of this section. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The categorical exclusions described in subsection (a), and the amendments made by subsection (a), take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) F
AILURE OF SECRETARY TO ACT .—The fail- ure of the Secretary to promulgate any final regulations or guidance shall not affect the qualification for the categorical exclusions de-scribed in subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. STREAMLINING FOR TRIBAL PUBLIC SAFE-TY PROJECTS WITHIN EXISTING OPERATIONAL RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
Section 1316 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 126 Stat. 549) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF AN OPER-
ATIONAL RIGHT-OF-WAY.—In this section, the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) OPERATIONAL RIGHT -OF-WAY.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), if a real property interest on an In-dian reservation has not been formally des-ignated an operational right-of-way, an Indian tribe may determine the scope and boundaries of that real property interest as an operational right-of-way, subject to the approval of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs and the Secretary. ‘‘(2) T
RIBAL PUBLIC SAFETY PROJECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘tribal public safety project’ means a project subject to this section that— ‘‘(i) corrects or improves a hazardous road lo-cation or feature; or ‘‘(ii) addresses a highway safety problem. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘tribal public safety project’ includes a project for 1 or more of the following: ‘‘(i) An intersection safety improvement. ‘‘(ii) Pavement and shoulder widening, in-cluding addition of a passing lane to remedy an unsafe condition. ‘‘(iii) Installation of a rumble strip or other warning device, if the rumble strip or other warning device does not adversely affect the safety or mobility of bicyclists, pedestrians, or the disabled. ‘‘(iv) Installation of a skid-resistant surface at an intersection or other location with a high frequency of accidents. ‘‘(v) An improvement for pedestrian or bicy-clist safety or safety of the disabled. ‘‘(vi) Construction of any project for the elimi-nation of hazards at a railway-highway cross-ing that is eligible for funding under section 130 of title 23, United States Code, including the separation or protection of grades at railway- highway crossings. ‘‘(vii) Construction of a railway-highway crossing safety feature, including installation of protective devices. ‘‘(viii) The conduct of a model traffic enforce-ment activity at a railway-highway crossing. ‘‘(ix) Construction of a traffic calming fea-ture. ‘‘(x) Elimination of a roadside obstacle. ‘‘(xi) Improvement of highway signage and pavement markings. ‘‘(xii) Installation of a priority control system for emergency vehicles at signalized intersec-tions. ‘‘(xiii) Installation of a traffic control or other warning device at a location with high accident potential. ‘‘(xiv) Safety-conscious planning. ‘‘(xv) Improvements in the collection and analysis of crash data. ‘‘(xvi) Planning integrated interoperable emer-gency communications equipment, operational activities, or traffic enforcement activities, in-cluding police assistance, relating to workzone safety. ‘‘(xvii) Installation of guardrails, barriers, in-cluding barriers between construction work zones and traffic lanes for the safety of motor-ists and workers, and crash attenuators. ‘‘(xviii) The addition or retrofitting of struc-tures or other measures to eliminate or reduce accidents involving vehicles and wildlife. ‘‘(xix) Installation and maintenance of signs, including fluorescent, yellow-green signs, at pe-destrian-bicycle crossings and in school zones. ‘‘(xx) Construction and yellow-green signs at pedestrian-bicycle crossings and in school zones. ‘‘(xxi) Construction and operational improve-ments on high-risk rural roads. ‘‘(xxii) Any other project that the Secretary determines qualifies.’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (a) and (b) as subsections (b) and (a), respectively, and moving the subsections so as to appear in alphabetical order; (3) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated), in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL’’ and inserting ‘‘D ESIGNATION ’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.147 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7148 December 9, 2016 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
ROJECTS WITHIN EXISTING OPERATIONAL  R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABILITY .—This subsection applies to a project within an existing operational right- of-way on an Indian reservation (as defined in section 3 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1452)) that is— ‘‘(A) for a maintenance or preservation activ-ity, whether or not federally funded, within the existing operational right-of-way, including for roadside ditches; or ‘‘(B) a project that— ‘‘(i) is a tribal public safety project or a project that the tribal department of transpor-tation or the equivalent (or in the case of an In-dian tribe without a tribal department of trans-portation or equivalent, an official representing the Indian tribe) certifies to the Secretary as providing a safety benefit to the public; and ‘‘(ii) is an action that— ‘‘(I) is categorically excluded under section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); or ‘‘(II) would be categorically excluded under section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations), if the appli-cant were a State agency. ‘‘(2) F
INAL ACTION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), a Federal agency shall take final action on an application by an Indian tribe for a permit, approval, or jurisdictional determina-tion for a project described in paragraph (1) not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the application. ‘‘(3) E
XTENSIONS .—A Federal agency may ex-tend the period to take final action on an appli-cation by an Indian tribe under paragraph (2) by an additional 30 days by providing to the Secretary and the Indian tribe notice of the ex-tension, including a statement of the need for the extension. ‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTIVE APPROVAL .—If a Federal agency does not take final action on an applica-tion by an Indian tribe under paragraphs (2) and (3)— ‘‘(A) the permit or approval for the project de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be considered ap-proved; and ‘‘(B) the Indian tribe shall notify the Sec-retary of approval under this paragraph. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the ‘TIRES Act’, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report that de-scribes the operation of this subsection, includ-ing any recommendations.’’. 
SEC. 5. BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS REDUCTION IN ADMINISTRATIVE FEE. 
Section 202(a)(6) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent for each fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 6. OPTION OF ASSUMING NEPA APPROVAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Transpor-tation, as applicable. (b) A
SSUMPTION OF FEDERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES.—An Indian tribe participating in tribal self-governance or a contract or agreement under subsection (a)(2) or (b)(7) of section 202 of title 23, United States Code, and carrying out construction projects on the Indian reservation over which the Indian tribe has jurisdiction, may elect to assume all Federal responsibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), division A of sub-title III of title 54, United States Code, and other applicable Federal law that would apply if the Secretary were to undertake a construc-tion project if the Indian tribe— (1) designates an officer— (A) to represent the Indian tribe; and (B) to assume the status of a responsible Fed-eral official under those laws; and (2) accepts the jurisdiction of the Federal court for the purpose of enforcement of the re-sponsibilities of the responsible Federal official under those laws. SEC. 7. TRIBAL GOVERNMENT TRANSPORTATION SAFETY DATA REPORT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) in many States, the Native American popu-lation is disproportionately represented in fa-talities and crash statistics; (2) improved crash reporting by tribal law en-forcement agencies would facilitate safety plan-ning and would enable Indian tribes to apply more successfully for State and Federal funds for safety improvements; (3) the causes of underreporting of crashes on Indian reservations include— (A) tribal law enforcement capacity, includ-ing— (i) staffing shortages and turnover; and (ii) lack of equipment, software, and training; and (B) lack of standardization in crash reporting forms and protocols; and (4) without more accurate reporting of crashes on Indian reservations and rural roads located in or around Alaska Native villages and within the boundaries of Regional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)), it is difficult or impossible to fully understand the nature of the problem and develop appropriate counter-measures, which may include effective transpor-tation safety planning and programs aimed at— (A) DUI prevention; (B) pedestrian safety; (C) roadway safety improvements; (D) seat belt usage; and (E) proper use of child restraints. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Trans-portation, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Attorney General, and Indian tribes, shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representatives a report describing the quality of transportation safety data collected by States and counties for transportation safety systems and the relevance of that data to improving the collection and sharing of data on crashes on or near— (A) Indian reservations; or (B) rural roads located in or around Alaska Native villages and within the boundaries of Re-gional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)). (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the report de-scribed in paragraph (1) are— (A) to improve the collection and sharing of data on crashes on or near Indian reservations; and (B) to develop data that Indian tribes can use to recover damages to tribal property caused by motorists. (3) P
APERLESS DATA REPORTING .—In preparing the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide Indian tribes with options and best practices for transition to a paperless transpor-tation safety data reporting system that— (A) improves the collection of crash reports; (B) stores, archives, queries, and shares crash records; and (C) uses data exclusively— (i) to address traffic safety issues on— (I) Indian reservations; and (II) rural roads located in or around Alaska Native villages and within the boundaries of Re-gional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)); and (ii) to identify and improve problem areas on— (I) public roads on Indian reservations; and (II) rural roads located in or around Alaska Native villages and within the boundaries of Re-gional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)). (4) ADDITIONAL BUDGETARY RESOURCES .—The Secretary shall include in the report under paragraph (1) the identification of Federal transportation funds provided to Indian tribes by agencies in addition to the Department of the Interior. 
SEC. 8. BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS ROAD SAFE-TY STUDY. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Attorney General, and States, shall— (1) complete a study that identifies and evalu-ates options for improving safety on— (A) public roads on or near Indian reserva-tions; and (B) rural roads located in or around Alaska Native villages and within the boundaries of Re-gional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)); and (2) submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the study. 
SEC. 9. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1101(a)(3) of MAP– 21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 414) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) T
RIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .—For the tribal transportation program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code (other than subsection (d) of that section), there are author-ized to be appropriated— ‘‘(i) $468,180,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $477,540,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $487,090,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $496,830,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $506,770,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $516,905,400 for fiscal year 2021.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) T
RIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILITY  
BRIDGE PROGRAM .—For the tribal transportation facility bridge program under section 202(d) of title 23, United States Code, there are author-ized to be appropriated— ‘‘(i) $16,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $18,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $22,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $24,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’. (3) T
RIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILITY BRIDGE  
PROGRAM .—Section 202(d) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) T
RIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILITY BRIDGE  
PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall use funds made available to carry out this subsection— ‘‘(A) to carry out any planning, design, engi-neering, preconstruction, construction, and in-spection of new or replacement tribal transpor-tation facility bridges; ‘‘(B) to replace, rehabilitate, seismically ret-rofit, paint, apply calcium magnesium acetate, sodium acetate/formate, or other environ-mentally acceptable, minimally corrosive anti- icing and deicing composition; or ‘‘(C) to implement any countermeasure for de-ficient tribal transportation facility bridges, in-cluding multiple-pipe culverts.’’. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be with-drawn; that the Barrasso substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.162 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7149 December 9, 2016 
The amendment (No. 5184) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 1776), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CROSS-BORDER TRADE ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 875, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 875) to provide for alternative financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 875) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
EXEMPTING EXPORTATION OF CERTAIN ECHINODERMS AND MOLLUSKS FROM LICENSING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER THE EN-DANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4245, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4245) to exempt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from li-censing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask that the King amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5185) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. EXPEDITED EXPORTATION OF CER-TAIN SPECIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’) shall issue a proposed rule to amend section 14.92 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to establish expedited pro-cedures relating to the export permission re-quirements of section 9(d)(1) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)) for fish or wildlife described in subsection (c). (b) EXEMPTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the rulemaking under subsection (a), subject to paragraph (2), the Director may provide an exemption from the requirement to procure— (A) permission under section 9(d)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)); or (B) an export license under subpart I of part 14 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (2) L
IMITATIONS .—The Director shall not provide an exemption under paragraph (1)— (A) unless the Director determines that the exemption will not have a significant nega-tive impact on the conservation of the spe-cies that is the subject of the exemption; or (B) to an entity that has been convicted of a violation of a Federal law relating to the importation, transportation, or exportation of wildlife during a period of not less than 5 years ending on the date on which the entity applies for exemption under paragraph (1). (c) C
OVERED FISH OR WILDLIFE .—The fish or wildlife described in this subsection are the species commonly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers (including any product of a sea urchin or sea cucumber) that— (1) do not require a permit under part 16, 17, or 23 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions; and (2) are exported for purposes of human or animal consumption. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 4245), as amended, was passed. 
f 
AUTHORIZING TAKING PICTURES AND FILMING IN THE SENATE CHAMBER, THE SENATE WING OF THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL, AND SENATE OFFICE BUILDINGS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 642, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 642) authorizing tak-ing pictures and filming in the Senate Cham-ber, the Senate Wing of the United States Capitol, and Senate Office Buildings for pro-duction of a film and a book on the history of the Senate. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 642) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
AMERICAN INNOVATION AND COMPETITIVENESS ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 695, S. 3084. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3084) to invest in innovation through research and development, and to improve the competitiveness of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Innovation and Competitiveness Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE I—MAXIMIZING BASIC RESEARCH Sec. 101. Reaffirmation of merit-based peer re-view. Sec. 102. Transparency and accountability. Sec. 103. EPSCoR reaffirmation and update. Sec. 104. Cybersecurity research. Sec. 105. Networking and information tech-nology research and development update. Sec. 106. High-energy physics coordination. Sec. 107. Laboratory program improvements. Sec. 108. International activities. Sec. 109. Standard Reference Data Act update. Sec. 110. NSF mid-scale project investments. Sec. 111. Oversight of NSF large-scale research facility projects. Sec. 112. Conflicts of interest. Sec. 113. Management of the NSF Antarctic Program. Sec. 114. NIST campus security. Sec. 115. Federal coordination of sustainable chemistry research and develop-ment. TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE AND REGULATORY BURDEN REDUCTION Sec. 201. Interagency working group on re-search regulation. Sec. 202. Scientific and technical collaboration. Sec. 203. NIST grants and cooperative agree-ments update. Sec. 204. Repeal of certain obsolete reports. Sec. 205. Repeal of certain provisions. Sec. 206. Grant subrecipient transparency and oversight. Sec. 207. Micro-purchase threshold for procure-ment solicitations by research in-stitutions. TITLE III—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATH EDUCATION Sec. 301. Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program update. Sec. 302. Space grants. Sec. 303. STEM Education Advisory Panel. Sec. 304. Committee on STEM Education. Sec. 305. Grant programs to expand STEM op-portunities. Sec. 306. Centers of excellence for inclusion in STEM. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.192 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7150 December 9, 2016 
Sec. 307. NIST education and outreach. Sec. 308. Presidential awards for excellence in STEM mentoring. Sec. 309. Working group on inclusion in STEM fields. Sec. 310. Improving undergraduate STEM expe-riences. Sec. 311. Computer science education research. Sec. 312. Informal STEM education. Sec. 313. Developing STEM apprenticeships. Sec. 314. NSF report on broadening participa-tion. Sec. 315. NOAA ocean and atmospheric science education programs. TITLE IV—LEVERAGING THE PRIVATE SECTOR Sec. 401. Prize competition authority update. Sec. 402. Crowdsourcing and citizen science. Sec. 403. NIST other transaction authority up-date. Sec. 404. NIST Visiting Committee on Advanced Technology update. TITLE V—MANUFACTURING Sec. 501. Hollings manufacturing extension partnership improvements. Sec. 502. Federal loan guarantees for innova-tive technologies in manufac-turing. Sec. 503. Manufacturing communities. TITLE VI—INNOVATION, COMMERCIALIZA-TION, AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER Sec. 601. Innovation corps. Sec. 602. Translational research grants. Sec. 603. Optics and photonics technology inno-vations. Sec. 604. Authorization of appropriations for the Regional Innovation Program. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, unless expressly provided other-wise: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. (2) F
EDERAL SCIENCE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal science agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6623). (3) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Science Foundation. (4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 920 U.S.C. 1001(a)). (5) NIST.—The term ‘‘NIST’’ means the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology. (6) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 2 of the American COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). (7) STEM 
EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘STEM edu-cation’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2 of the STEM Education Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2017.— (1) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  
TECHNOLOGY .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Secretary of Commerce $974,000,000 for NIST for fiscal year 2017. (2) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Founda-tion $7,510,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. (b) F
ISCAL YEAR2018.— (1) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  
TECHNOLOGY .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,013,000,000 for NIST for fiscal year 2018. (2) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Founda-tion $7,810,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. TITLE I—MAXIMIZING BASIC RESEARCH SEC. 101. REAFFIRMATION OF MERIT-BASED PEER REVIEW. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Foundation’s intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria remain appropriate for evaluating grant proposals, as concluded by the 2011 National Science Board Task Force on Merit Review; (2) evaluating proposals on the basis of the Foundation’s intellectual merit and broader im-pacts criteria assures that— (A) proposals funded by the Foundation are of high quality and advance scientific knowl-edge; and (B) the Foundation’s overall funding portfolio addresses societal needs through research find-ings or through related activities; and (3) as evidenced by the Foundation’s contribu-tions to scientific advancement, economic devel-opment, human health, and national security, its peer review and merit review processes have successfully identified and funded scientifically and societally relevant research and should be preserved. (b) M
ERIT REVIEW CRITERIA .—The Founda-tion shall maintain the intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria, among other specific criteria as appropriate, as the basis for evalu-ating grant proposals in the merit review proc-ess. (c) U
PDATES .—If after the date of enactment of this Act a change is made to the merit-review process, the Director shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 30 days after the date of the change. 
SEC. 102. TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the Foun-dation has improved transparency and account-ability of the outcomes made through the merit review process. (b) G
UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall issue and periodically update, as ap-propriate, policy guidance for both Foundation staff and other Foundation merit review process participants, clarifying the importance of trans-parency and accountability of the outcomes made through the merit review process. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The guidance under paragraph (1) shall require that each abstract for a Foundation-funded research project— (A) provide a clear justification for any Fed-eral funds that will be expended, including by— (i) describing how the project— (I) reflects the mission statement of the Foun-dation; and (II) addresses both of the National Science Board-approved merit review criteria; and (ii) clearly identifying the research priorities of the project in a manner that can be easily un-derstood by both technical and non-technical audiences; and (B) be publicly available at the time of award. (c) E
XAMINATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Na-tional Science Board shall— (1) examine the efforts by the Foundation to improve transparency and accountability in the merit-review process; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the examination, including any recommendations for how to further im-prove transparency and accountability of the outcomes made through the merit-review proc-ess. 
SEC. 103. EPSCOR REAFFIRMATION AND UPDATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 517(a) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The National’’ and inserting ‘‘the National’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘education,’’ and inserting ‘‘education’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘with 27 States’’ and all that follows through the semi-colon at the end and inserting ‘‘with 28 States and jurisdictions, taken together, receiving only about 12 percent of all National Science Foun-dation research funding;’’; (3) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) each of the States described in paragraph (2) receives only a fraction of 1 percent of the Foundation’s research dollars each year;’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) first established at the National Science Foundation in 1979, the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (referred to in this section as ‘EPSCoR’) assists States and jurisdictions historically underserved by Federal research and development funding in strength-ening their research and innovation capabili-ties; ‘‘(5) the EPSCoR structure requires each par-ticipating State to develop a science and tech-nology plan suited to State and local research, education, and economic interests and objec-tives; ‘‘(6) EPSCoR has been credited with advanc-ing the research competitiveness of participating States, improving awareness of science, pro-moting policies that link scientific investment and economic growth, and encouraging partner-ships between government, industry, and aca-demia; ‘‘(7) EPSCoR proposals are evaluated through a rigorous and competitive merit-review process to ensure that awarded research and develop-ment efforts meet high scientific standards; and ‘‘(8) according to the National Academy of Sciences, EPSCoR has strengthened the na-tional research infrastructure and enhanced the educational opportunities needed to develop the science and engineering workforce.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) since maintaining the Nation’s scientific and economic leadership requires the participa-tion of talented individuals nationwide, EPSCoR investments into State research and education capacities are in the Federal interest and should be sustained; and (B) EPSCoR should maintain its experimental component by supporting innovative methods for improving research capacity and competi-tiveness. (2) D
EFINITION OF EPSCOR .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘EPSCoR’’ has the meaning given the term in section 502 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p note). (c) A
WARD STRUCTURE UPDATES .—Section 517 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
WARD STRUCTURE UPDATES .—In imple- menting the mandate to maximize the impact of Federal EPSCoR support on building competi-tive research infrastructure, and based on the inputs and recommendations of previous EPSCoR reviews, the head of each Federal agency administering an EPSCoR program shall— ‘‘(1) consider modifications to EPSCoR pro-posal solicitation, award type, and project eval-uation— ‘‘(A) to more closely align with current agency priorities and initiatives; ‘‘(B) to focus EPSCoR funding on achieving critical scientific, infrastructure, and edu-cational needs of that agency; ‘‘(C) to encourage collaboration between EPSCoR-eligible institutions and researchers, including with institutions and researchers in other States and jurisdictions; ‘‘(D) to improve communication between State and Federal agency proposal reviewers; and ‘‘(E) to continue to reduce administrative bur-dens associated with EPSCoR; ‘‘(2) consider modifications to EPSCoR award structures— ‘‘(A) to emphasize long-term investments in building research capacity, potentially through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7151 December 9, 2016 
the use of larger, renewable funding opportuni-ties; and ‘‘(B) to allow the agency, States, and jurisdic-tions to experiment with new research and de-velopment funding models; and ‘‘(3) consider modifications to the mechanisms used to monitor and evaluate EPSCoR awards— ‘‘(A) to increase collaboration between EPSCoR-funded researchers and agency staff, including by providing opportunities for men-toring young researchers and for the use of Fed-eral facilities; ‘‘(B) to identify and disseminate best prac-tices; and ‘‘(C) to harmonize metrics across participating Federal agencies, as appropriate.’’. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL REPORTS .—Section 517 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9), as amended, is further amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); (B) by redesignating subsections (d) through (g) as subsections (c) through (f), respectively; (C) in subsection (c), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Experi-mental Programs to Stimulate Competitive Re-search’’ and inserting ‘‘EPSCoR’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraphs (A) and (E), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR and Federal EPSCoR-like programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; (II) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR and other Federal EPSCoR-like pro-grams’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; (III) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR or Federal EPSCoR-like programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; and (IV) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; and (D) by amending subsection (d), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL AGENCY REPORTS .—Each Fed-eral agency that administers an EPSCoR shall submit to Congress, as part of its Federal budget submission— ‘‘(1) a description of the program strategy and objectives; ‘‘(2) a description of the awards made in the previous fiscal year, including— ‘‘(A) the total amount made available, by State, under EPSCoR; ‘‘(B) the total amount of agency funding made available to all institutions and entities within each EPSCoR State; ‘‘(C) the efforts and accomplishments to more fully integrate the EPSCoR States in major agency activities and initiatives; ‘‘(D) the percentage of EPSCoR reviewers from EPSCoR States; and ‘‘(E) the number of programs or large collabo-rator awards involving a partnership of organi-zations and institutions from EPSCoR and non- EPSCoR States; and ‘‘(3) an analysis of the gains in academic re-search quality and competitiveness, and in science and technology human resource develop-ment, achieved by the program over the last 5 fiscal years.’’; and (E) in subsection (e)(1), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research or a program similar to the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competi-tive Research’’ and inserting ‘‘EPSCoR’’. (2) R
ESULTS OF AWARD STRUCTURE PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the EPSCoR Interagency Coordinating Committee shall brief the appropriate committees of Congress on the updates made to the award structure under 517(f) of the America COM-PETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9(f)), as amended by this subsection. (e) D
EFINITION OF EPSC OR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 502 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p note) is amended by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) EPSCOR.—The term ‘EPSCoR’ means— ‘‘(A) the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research established by the Foun-dation; or ‘‘(B) a program similar to the Established Pro-gram to Stimulate Competitive Research at an-other Federal agency.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 113 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1862g) is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
EXPERI -
MENTAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ESTABLISHED ’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an Experi-mental Program to Stimulate Competitive Re-search’’ and inserting ‘‘a program to stimulate competitive research (known as the ‘Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research’)’’; and (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘the Program’’. 
SEC. 104. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH. 
(a) F OUNDATION CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH .— Section 4(a)(1) of the Cyber Security Research and Development Act, as amended (15 U.S.C. 7403(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (O), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (P), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(Q) security of election-dedicated voting sys-tem software and hardware; and ‘‘(R) role of the human factor in cybersecurity and the interplay of computers and humans and the physical world.’’. (b) NIST C
YBERSECURITY PRIORITIES .— (1) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE AWARENESS .— The Director of NIST, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall continue to raise public awareness of the voluntary, in-dustry-led cybersecurity standards and best practices for critical infrastructure developed under section 2(c)(15) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)(15)). (2) Q
UANTUM COMPUTING .—Under section 2(b) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(b)) and section 20 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-3), the Director of NIST shall— (A) research information systems for future cybersecurity needs; and (B) coordinate with relevant stakeholders to develop a process— (i) to research and identify or, if necessary, develop cryptography standards and guidelines for future cybersecurity needs, including quan-tum-resistant cryptography standards; and (ii) to provide recommendations to Congress, Federal agencies, and industry for a secure and smooth transition to the standards under clause (i). (3) V
OTING .—Section 2(c) of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (16) through (23) as paragraphs (17) through (24), respec-tively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (15) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(16) perform research to support the develop-ment of voluntary, consensus-based, industry- led standards and recommendations on the secu-rity of computers, computer networks, and com-puter data storage used in voting systems to en-sure voters can vote securely and privately.’’. 
SEC. 105. NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT UPDATE. 
(a) N ETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECH-
NOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—Section 101(a)(1) of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘I
N GENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘The Presi-dent’’; (2) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (I), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) provide for research on the interplay of computing and people, including social com-puting and human-robot interaction; ‘‘(K) provide for research on cyber-physical systems and improving the methods available for the design, development, and operation of those systems that are characterized by high reli-ability, safety, and security; ‘‘(L) provide for the understanding of the science, engineering, policy, and privacy protec-tion related to networking and information technology; ‘‘(M) provide for the understanding of the human facets of cyber threats and secure cyber systems; ‘‘(N) provide for the transition of high-per-formance computing in hardware, system soft-ware, development tools, and applications into development and operations; and ‘‘(O) foster public-private collaboration with government, industry research laboratories, aca-demia, and nonprofit organizations to maximize research and development efforts and the bene-fits of networking and information technology, including high-performance computing.’’. (b) REVIEW AND PLAN.—Section 101 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ERIODIC REVIEWS .—The heads of the applicable agencies and departments working through the National Science and Technology Council and the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 1 year after the date the advisory committee submits a report under sub-section (b)(2), assess the structure of the Pro-gram, including the Program Component Areas and associated contents and funding levels, tak-ing into consideration any relevant rec-ommendations of the advisory committee; and ‘‘(2) ensure that the Program includes foundational and interdisciplinary information technology research and development activities. ‘‘(e) S
TRATEGIC PLANS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The heads of the applicable agencies and departments, working through the National Science and Technology Council and the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program shall de-velop and implement strategic plans to guide emerging activities in specific Program Compo-nent Areas, as the advisory committee deter-mines relevant under subsection (b), of Federal networking and information technology re-search and development, and to guide the ac-tivities described in subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—The heads of the applicable agencies and departments shall update the stra-tegic plans as appropriate. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—Each strategic plan shall— ‘‘(A) specify near-term and long-term objec-tives for the Program, the anticipated schedule for achieving the near-term and long-term objec-tives, and the metrics to be used for assessing progress toward the near-term and long-term ob-jectives; ‘‘(B) specify how the near-term and long-term objectives complement research and development areas in which academia and the private sector is actively engaged; ‘‘(C) describe how the heads of the applicable agencies and departments will support mecha-nisms for foundational and interdisciplinary re-search and development in networking and in-formation technology, including through col-laborations— ‘‘(i) across Federal agencies and departments; ‘‘(ii) across Program Component Areas; and ‘‘(iii) with industry, Federal and private re-search laboratories, research entities, univer-sities, institutions of higher education, relevant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7152 December 9, 2016 
nonprofit organizations, and international part-ners of the United States; ‘‘(D) describe how the heads of the applicable agencies and departments will foster the rapid transfer of research and development results into new technologies and applications; ‘‘(E) describe how the Program will address long-term challenges for which solutions require large-scale, long-term, foundational and inter-disciplinary research and development; and ‘‘(F) place emphasis on innovative and high- risk projects having the potential for substantial societal returns on the research investment. ‘‘(4) P
RIVATE SECTOR EFFORTS .—In devel- oping, implementing, and updating strategic plans, the heads of the applicable agencies and departments, working through the National Science and Technology Council and Net-working and Information Technology Research and Development Program, shall coordinate with industry, academia, and other interested stakeholders to ensure, to the extent practicable, that the Federal networking and information technology research and development activities carried out under this section do not duplicate the efforts of the private sector. ‘‘(5) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—In developing and updating strategic plans, the heads of the appli-cable agencies and departments shall solicit rec-ommendations and advice from— ‘‘(A) the advisory committee under subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) a wide range of stakeholders, including industry, academia, including representatives of minority serving institutions and community colleges, National Laboratories, and other rel-evant organizations and institutions. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—The heads of the applicable agencies and departments, working through the National Science and Technology Council and the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program, shall sub-mit to the advisory committee, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives— ‘‘(1) the strategic plans developed under sub-section (e)(1); and ‘‘(2) each update under subsection (e)(2). ‘‘(g) D
EFINITION OF APPLICABLE AGENCIES AND  D
EPARTMENTS .—In this section, the term ‘appli-cable agencies and departments’ means the Fed-eral agencies and departments identified in sub-section (a)(3)(B) or designated under clause (xii) of that subsection.’’. (c) R
ESEARCH COORDINATION .—Section 101(a)(2) of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘R
EQUIREMENTS .—’’ before ‘‘The Director’’; and (2) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) provide for the coordination of Federal networking and information technology re-search, development, networking, and other ac-tivities— ‘‘(i) among the applicable agencies and de-partments under the Program; and ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, with other Fed-eral agencies not identified in subsection (a)(3)(B), other Federal and private research laboratories, industry, research entities, univer-sities, institutions of higher education, relevant nonprofit organizations, and international part-ners of the United States;’’. (d) B
UDGET .—Section 101(a)(3) of the High- Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511(a)(3)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘C
ONTENTS OF ANNUAL REPORTS .— ’’ before ‘‘The annual’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking clauses (i) through (xi) and inserting the following— ‘‘(i) the Department of Commerce; ‘‘(ii) the Department of Defense; ‘‘(iii) the Department of Education; ‘‘(iv) the Department of Energy; ‘‘(v) the Department of Health and Human Services; ‘‘(vi) the Department of Homeland Security; ‘‘(vii) the Department of Justice; ‘‘(viii) the Environmental Protection Agency; ‘‘(ix) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration; ‘‘(x) the National Archives and Records Ad-ministration; ‘‘(xi) the National Science Foundation; and ‘‘(xii) such other agencies and departments as the President or the Director considers appro-priate;’’; (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘is sub-mitted,’’ and inserting ‘‘is submitted, the levels for the previous fiscal year,’’; (4) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘is submitted,’’ and inserting ‘‘is submitted, the levels for the previous fiscal year,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (5) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-paragraph (F); and (6) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) include a description of how the objec-tives for each Program Component Area, and the objectives for activities that involve multiple Program Component Areas, relate to the objec-tives of the Program identified in the strategic plan under subsection (e);’’. (e) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE COMPUTING ACT OF 1991.—The High- Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5501 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2 (15 U.S.C. 5501)— (A) in paragraphs (2) and (5), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology, in-cluding high-performance computing,’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology, including high-performance computing’’; (2) in section 3 (15 U.S.C. 5502)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology’’ each place it appears; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘high-performance computing and’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and informa-tion technology and’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘high-performance computing network’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and infor-mation technology’’; (3) in section 4 (15 U.S.C. 5503)— (A) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; (B) by striking paragraph (5); (C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Computing’’ and inserting ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Re-search and Development’’; and (D) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (3), (5), and (6), re-spectively; (4) in section 101 (15 U.S.C. 5511)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
NATIONAL  
HIGH -PERFORMANCE COMPUTING ’’ and inserting ‘‘
NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘N
ATIONAL  H
IGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTING ’’ and inserting ‘‘N
ETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Com-puting’’ and inserting ‘‘Networking and Infor-mation Technology Research and Develop-ment’’; (II) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing, including networking’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; (III) in subparagraphs (B) and (C), by strik-ing ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘high-end computing, including high-per-formance computing,’’; and (IV) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology, including high-performance computing,’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing research, development, networking’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology research and develop-ment’’; (II) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing and networking sys-tems’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end computing and networking systems’’; and (III) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘high- end, including high-performance, computing’’; (C) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; (D) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘Com-mittee on Science and Technology’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’’; and (E) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology’’; (5) in section 201(a)(1) (15 U.S.C. 5521(a)(1)), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing and advanced high-speed computer networking’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; (6) in section 202(a) (15 U.S.C. 5522(a)), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and in-serting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; (7) in section 203 (15 U.S.C. 5523(a))— (A) by striking ‘‘high-performance computing and networking’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘high-performance computing systems’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end, including high-performance, computing systems’’; (8) in section 204 (15 U.S.C. 5524)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing systems and networks’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology systems’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing systems in networks’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology systems’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing systems’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE COMPUTING AND NETWORK ’’ and in- serting ‘‘N
ETWORK AND INFORMATION TECH-
NOLOGY SECURITY ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘sensitive information in Fed-eral computer systems’’ and inserting ‘‘agency information and information systems’’; and (9) in section 207 (15 U.S.C. 5527)— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘section 2315(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3552(b)(6)(A) of title 44’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing systems’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’. (f) A
DDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  A
MENDMENTS .— (1) N
ATIONAL NETWORKING AND INFORMATION  
TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .—Section 101 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511), as amended, is further amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘A
DVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—’’ before ‘‘The President shall’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7153 December 9, 2016 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘A DDI-
TIONAL DUTIES .—’’ before ‘‘In addition to’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘FACA.— ’’ before ‘‘Section 14’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘R
EPORTS .— ’’ before ‘‘Each Federal’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘OMB 
RE-
VIEW.—’’ before ‘‘The Office’’. (2) M
ISCELLANEOUS .— (A) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION RE -
SEARCH .—Section 4(b)(5)(K) of the Cyber Secu-rity Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7403(b)(5)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology’’. (B) N
ATIONAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RE -
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM .—Section 13202(b) of the American Recovery and Reinvest-ment Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 17912(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Com-puting Program’’ and inserting ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and De-velopment Program’’. (C) F
EDERAL CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 201(a)(4) of the Cyber-security Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7431(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘clauses (i) through (x) of section 101(a)(3)(B) of the High- Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511(a)(3)(B)) or designated under clause (xi) of that section’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) through (xi) of section 101(a)(3)(B) of the High-Perform-ance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511(a)(3)(B)) or designated under clause (xii) of that section’’. (D) N
ATIONAL RESEARCH AND EDUCATION NET -
WORK .—Section 102 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5512) is re-pealed. (E) N
EXT GENERATION INTERNET .—Section 103 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5513) is repealed. (F) F
OSTERING UNITED STATES COMPETITIVE -
NESS IN HIGH -PERFORMANCE COMPUTING AND RE -
LATED ACTIVITIES .—Section 208 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5528) is repealed. 
SEC. 106. HIGH-ENERGY PHYSICS COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Physical Science Sub-committee of the National Science and Tech-nology Council shall define and continue to co-ordinate Federal efforts, including activities of relevant advisory committees, related to high- energy physics research to maximize the effi-ciency and effectiveness of United States invest-ment in high-energy physics. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Physical Science Subcommittee include— (1) to advise and assist the Committee on Science and the National Science and Tech-nology Council on United States policies, proce-dures, and plans in the physical sciences, in-cluding high-energy physics; and (2) to identify emerging opportunities, stimu-late international cooperation, and foster the development of the physical sciences in the United States, including— (A) in high-energy physics research, including related underground science and engineering re-search; (B) in physical infrastructure and facilities; (C) in information and analysis; and (D) in coordination activities. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In regard to coordi-nating Federal efforts related to high-energy physics research, the Physical Science Sub-committee shall— (1) provide recommendations on planning for construction and stewardship of large facilities participating in high-energy physics; (2) provide recommendations on research co-ordination and collaboration among the pro-grams and activities of Federal agencies; (3) establish goals and priorities for high-en-ergy physics, related underground science, and research and development that will strengthen United States competitiveness in high-energy physics; (4) propose methods for engagement with international, Federal, and State agencies and Federal laboratories not represented on the Na-tional Science and Technology Council to iden-tify and reduce regulatory, logistical, and fiscal barriers that inhibit United States leadership in high-energy physics and related underground science; and (5) develop, and update as necessary, a stra-tegic plan to guide Federal programs and activi-ties in support of high-energy physics research, including— (A) the efforts taken in support of subsection (b) since the last strategic plan; (B) an evaluation of the current research needs for maintaining United States leadership in high-energy physics; and (C) an identification of future priorities in the area of high-energy physics. SEC. 107. LABORATORY PROGRAM IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of NIST, act-ing through the Associate Director for Labora-tory Programs, shall develop and implement a comprehensive strategic plan for laboratory pro-grams that expands— (1) interactions with academia, international researchers, and industry; and (2) commercial and industrial applications. (b) O
PTIMIZING COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL  A
PPLICATIONS .—In accordance with the purpose under section 1(b)(3) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271(b)(3)), the comprehensive strategic plan shall— (1) include performance metrics for the dis-semination of fundamental research results, measurements, and standards research results to industry, including manufacturing, and other interested parties; (2) document any positive benefits of research on the competitiveness of the parties described in paragraph (1); and (3) clarify the current approach to the tech-nology transfer activities of NIST. 
SEC. 108. INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
Section 17(a) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE TO FOREIGN NA-
TIONALS .—The Secretary is authorized, notwith-standing any other provision of law, to expend such sums, within the limit of appropriated funds, through direct support for activities of international organizations and foreign na-tional metrology institutes with which the Insti-tute cooperates to advance measurement meth-ods, standards, and related basic technologies and, as the Secretary may deem desirable, through the grant of fellowships or any other form of financial assistance, to defray the ex-penses of foreign nationals not in service to the Government of the United States while they are performing scientific or engineering work at the Institute or participating in the exchange of sci-entific or technical information at the Insti-tute.’’. 
SEC. 109. STANDARD REFERENCE DATA ACT UP-DATE. 
Section 2 of the Standard Reference Data Act (15 U.S.C. 290a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘For the purposes of this Act: ‘‘(1) S
TANDARD REFERENCE DATA .—The term ‘standard reference data’ means data that is— ‘‘(A) either— ‘‘(i) quantitative information related to a measurable physical or chemical property of a substance or system of substances of known composition and structure; ‘‘(ii) measurable characteristics of a physical artifact or artifacts; ‘‘(iii) engineering properties or performance characteristics of a system; or ‘‘(iv) 1 or more digital data objects that serve— ‘‘(I) to calibrate or characterize the perform-ance of a detection or measurement system; or ‘‘(II) to interpolate or extrapolate, or both, data described in subparagraph (A) through (C); and ‘‘(B) that is critically evaluated as to its reli-ability under section 3 of this Act. ‘‘(2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Commerce.’’. 
SEC. 110. NSF MID-SCALE PROJECT INVEST-MENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Foundation funds major research fa-cilities, infrastructure, and instrumentation that provide unique capabilities at the frontiers of science and engineering. (2) Modern and effective research infrastruc-ture is critical to maintaining United States leadership in science and engineering. (3) Many proposed instruments, equipment, or upgrades to major research facilities fall be-tween programs currently funded by the Foun-dation, creating a gap between Major Research Instrumentation and Major Research Equipment and Facilities Construction, including projects that have been identified as cost-effective addi-tions of high priority to the advancement of sci-entific understanding. (4) The 2010 Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal Survey recommended a vigorous mid- scale innovations program. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the addition of a competitive mid- scale funding opportunity that includes re-search, instruments, and infrastructure is essen-tial to the portfolio of the Foundation and ad-vancing scientific understanding. (c) M
ID-SCALE PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Foundation shall evalu-ate the existing and future needs, across all dis-ciplines supported by the Foundation, for mid- scale projects. (2) S
TRATEGY .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall develop a strategy to meet the needs identified in paragraph (1). (3) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Foundation shall provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the eval-uation under paragraph (1) and the strategy under paragraph (2). (4) D
EFINITION OF MID -SCALE PROJECTS .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘mid-scale projects’’ means research, instrumentation, and infra-structure investments that fall between the in-strumentation funded by the major research in-strumentation program and the very large projects funded by the major research equipment and facilities construction program as described in section 507 of the AMERICA Competes Reau-thorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–358; 124 Stat. 4008). 
SEC. 111. OVERSIGHT OF NSF LARGE-SCALE RE-SEARCH FACILITY PROJECTS. 
(a) F ACILITIES OVERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall strengthen oversight and account-ability over the full life-cycle of large-scale re-search facility projects, including planning, de-velopment, procurement, construction, oper-ations, and support, and shut-down of such fa-cilities, in order to maximize research invest-ment. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Director shall— (A) prioritize the scientific outcomes of large- scale research facility projects and the internal management and financial oversight of the projects; (B) clarify the roles and responsibilities of all organizations, including offices, panels, commit-tees, and directorates, involved in supporting large-scale research facility projects, including the role of the Major Research Equipment and Facilities Construction Panel; (C) establish policies and procedures for the planning, management, and oversight of large- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7154 December 9, 2016 
scale research facility projects at each phase of the life-cycle of the project; (D) ensure that policies for estimating and managing costs and schedules are consistent with the best practices described in the Govern-ment Accountability Office Cost Estimating and Assessment Guide, the Government Account-ability Office Schedule Assessment Guide, and the Office of Management and Budget Uniform Guidance (2 C.F.R. Part 200); (E) establish the appropriate project manage-ment and financial management expertise re-quired for Foundation staff to oversee large- scale research facility projects effectively, in-cluding by improving project management train-ing and certification; and (F) coordinate the sharing of the best manage-ment practices and lessons learned from large- scale research facility projects. (b) F
ACILITIES FULLLIFE-CYCLE COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c)(1), the Director of the Foundation shall require that any pre-award analysis of a large-scale re-search facility includes the development and consideration of the full life-cycle cost (as de-fined in section 2 of the National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 1862k note)) in accordance with section 14 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n-4). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Based on the pre- award analysis described in paragraph (1), the Director shall include projected operational costs within the Foundation’s out years as part of the President’s yearly budget submissions to Congress. (c) C
OSTOVERSIGHT .— (1) P
RE-AWARD ANALYSIS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Founda-tion and the National Science Board may not approve any proposed large-scale research facil-ity project unless— (i) an analysis of the proposed budget has been conducted to ensure the proposal is com-plete and reasonable; (ii) the analysis under clause (i) follows the Government Accountability Office Cost Esti-mating and Assessment Guide; (iii) except as provided under subparagraph (C), an analysis of the accounting systems has been conducted; (iv) an independent cost estimate of the con-struction of the project has been conducted using the same detailed technical information as the project proposal estimate to determine whether the estimate is well-supported and real-istic; and (v) the Foundation and the National Science Board has considered the analyses under clauses (i) and (iii) and the independent cost es-timate under clause (iv) and resolved any major issues identified therein. (B) A
UDITS .—A Foundation analysis under subparagraph (A)(i) may include an audit. (C) E
XCEPTION .—The Director, at the Direc-tor’s discretion, may waive the requirement under subparagraph (A)(iii) if a similar analysis of the accounting systems was conducted in the prior years. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION OVERSIGHT .—The Director shall require for each large-scale research facil-ity project— (A) periodic external reviews on project man-agement and performance; (B) adequate internal controls, policies, and procedures, and reliable accounting systems in preparation for the incurred cost audits under subparagraph (D); (C) annual incurred cost submissions of finan-cial expenditures; and (D) an incurred cost audit of the project— (i) at least once during construction at a time determined based on risk analysis and length of the award, except that the length of time be-tween audits may not exceed 3 years; and (ii) at the completion of the construction phase. (3) O
PERATIONS COST ESTIMATE .—The Director shall require an independent cost estimate of the operational proposal for each large-scale re-search facility project. (d) CONTINGENCY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Foundation shall strengthen internal controls to improve over-sight of contingency on a large-scale research facility project. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Foundation shall— (A) retain control over a portion of the budget contingency funds of each awardee; (B) distribute the retained funds with other incremental funds as needed; and (C) track contingency use. (e) O
VERSIGHT IMPLEMENTATION PROGRESS .— The Director of the Foundation shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the response to or progress made toward implemen-tation of— (A) this section; (B) all of the issues and recommendations identified in cooperative agreement audit reports and memoranda issued by the Inspector General of the National Science Foundation in the last 5 years; and (C) all of the issues and recommendations identified by a panel of the National Academy of Public Administration in the December 2015 report entitled ‘‘National Science Foundation: Use of Cooperative Agreements to Support Large Scale Investment in Research’’; and (2) not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, notify the appropriate com-mittees of Congress when the Foundation has implemented the recommendations identified in a panel of the National Academy of Public Ad-ministration report issued December 2015. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. (2) L
ARGE-SCALE RESEARCH FACILITY  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘‘large-scale research facil-ity project’’’ means a science and engineering facility project funded by the major research equipment and facilities construction account, or any successor thereto. 
SEC. 112. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. 
The Director of the Foundation shall update the policy and procedure of the Foundation re-lating to conflicts of interest to improve docu-mentation and management of any known con-flict of interest of an individual on temporary assignment at the Foundation, including an in-dividual on assignment under the Intergovern-mental Personnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.). 
SEC. 113. MANAGEMENT OF THE NSF ANTARCTIC PROGRAM. 
(a) R EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall continue to review the efforts by the Foundation to sustain and strengthen scientific efforts in the face of logistical challenges for the United States Antarctic Program. (2) I
SSUES TO BE EXAMINED .—In conducting the review, the Director shall examine, at a min-imum, the following: (A) Implementation by the Foundation of issues and recommendations identified by— (i) the Inspector General of the National Science Foundation in audit reports and memo-randa on the United States Antarctic Program in the last 4 years; (ii) the U.S. Antarctic Program Blue Ribbon Panel report, More and Better Science in Ant-arctica through Increased Logistical Effective-ness, issued July 23, 2012; and (iii) the National Research Council report, Fu-ture Science Opportunities in Antarctica and the Southern Ocean, issued September 2011. (B) Efforts by the Foundation to track its progress in addressing the issues and rec-ommendations under subparagraph (A). (C) Efforts by the Foundation to address other opportunities and challenges, including efforts on scientific research, coordination with other Federal agencies and international partners, lo-gistics and transportation, health and safety of participants, oversight and financial manage-ment of awardees and contractors, and re-sources and policy challenges. (b) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall brief the appropriate committees of Con-gress on the ongoing review, including findings and any recommendations. 
SEC. 114. NIST CAMPUS SECURITY. 
(a) S UPERVISORY AUTHORITY .—Consistent with the enforcement authority delegated by the Secretary of Homeland Security under section 1315 of title 40, United States Code, the Depart-ment of Commerce Office of Security shall di-rectly manage the law enforcement and security programs of NIST through an assigned Director of Security for NIST. (b) R
EPORTS .—The Director of Security for NIST shall provide an activities and security re-port on a quarterly basis for the first year after the date of enactment of this Act, and on an an-nual basis thereafter, to the Under Secretary for Standards and Technology. 
SEC. 115. FEDERAL COORDINATION OF SUSTAIN-ABLE CHEMISTRY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I MPORTANCE OF SUSTAINABLE CHEM-
ISTRY .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the science of chemistry is vital to improv-ing the quality of human life and plays an im-portant role in addressing critical global chal-lenges, including water quality, energy, health care, and agriculture; (2) sustainable chemistry can reduce risk to human health and the environment, reduce waste and improve pollution prevention, pro-mote safe and efficient manufacturing, and pro-mote efficient use of resources in developing new materials, processes, and technologies that sup-port viable long-term solutions; (3) sustainable chemistry can stimulate inno-vation, encourage new and creative approaches to problems, create jobs, and save money; and (4) a coordinated national effort on sustain-able chemistry will allow for a greater return on Federal research investment in this space. (b) N
ATIONAL COORDINATION FOR SUSTAINABLE  C
HEMISTRY .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Di-rector of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall convene an entity under the Na-tional Science and Technology Council with the responsibility to coordinate Federal programs and activities in support of sustainable chem-istry, including, as appropriate, at the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, the Department of Agriculture, the Environ-mental Protection Agency, the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology, the Depart-ment of Defense, the National Institutes of Health, and other related Federal agencies. (2) C
HAIRS .—The entity described in para-graph (1) shall be chaired by representatives from the National Science Foundation, the En-vironmental Protection Agency, or other agen-cies, as appropriate. (3) D
UTIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The entity described in paragraph (1) shall— (i) develop a working definition of sustainable chemistry, after seeking advice and input from stakeholders as described in clause (iv); (ii) coordinate and support existing Federal research, development, education, and training efforts in sustainable chemistry; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7155 December 9, 2016 
(iii) develop a strategic plan to guide Federal programs and activities in support of sustain-able chemistry research, development, tech-nology transfer, education, and training as de-scribed in subsection (c), including support for public-private partnerships; and (iv) as appropriate, consult and coordinate with stakeholders qualified to provide advice and information on the development of the defi-nition of sustainable chemistry and the strategic plan. (B) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—In choosing the stake-holders described in subparagraph (A)(iv), the entity described in paragraph (1) is strongly en-couraged to include representatives from— (i) industry (including small- and medium- sized enterprises from across the value chain); (ii) the scientific community (including the National Academy of Sciences, scientific profes-sional societies, and academia); (iii) the defense community; (iv) State, tribal, and local governments; (v) State or regional sustainable chemistry programs; (vi) non-governmental organizations; and (vii) other appropriate organizations. (c) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the entity de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, a 5-year strategic plan that shall include— (A) a summary of Federally funded sustain-able chemistry research, development, dem-onstration, technology transfer, commercializa-tion, education, and training activities; (B) a summary of the financial resources allo-cated to sustainable chemistry activities; (C) an evaluation of best practices and coordi-nation among participating agencies; and (D) a framework for advancing sustainable chemistry, including strategies for and benefits of Federal support for— (i) sustainable chemistry research and devel-opment conducted at Federal and national lab-oratories, Federal agencies, and public and pri-vate institutions of higher education; (ii) technology transfer and commercialization of sustainable chemistry, including incentives and impediments to development of sustainable chemicals, best practices, and costs and benefits; (iii) education and training of undergraduate and graduate students and professional sci-entists and engineers, including through part-nerships with industry, in sustainable chemistry science and engineering; (iv) economic, legal, and other appropriate so-cial science research to identify barriers to com-mercialization and methods to advance commer-cialization of sustainable chemistry; and (v) public-private partnerships in support of sustainable chemistry research, development, education, and training. (2) S
UBMISSION TO GAO .—The entity described in subsection (b)(1) shall submit the strategic plan described in paragraph (1) to the Govern-ment Accountability Office for consideration in future Congressional inquiries. (d) S
USTAINABLE CHEMISTRY BASIC RE-
SEARCH .—Subject to the availability of appro-priated funds, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall continue to carry out the Sustainable Chemistry Basic Research pro-gram authorized under section 509 of the Na-tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–3). TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE AND REGULATORY BURDEN REDUCTION 
SEC. 201. INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP ON RE-SEARCH REGULATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Scientific and technological advancement have been the largest drivers of economic growth in the last 50 years, with the Federal Govern-ment being the largest investor in basic re-search. (2) Federally funded grants are increasingly competitive, with the Foundation funding only approximately 1 in every 5 grant proposals. (3) Researchers spend as much as 42 percent of their time complying with Federal regulations, including administrative tasks such as applying for grants or meeting reporting requirements. (4) The time spent on the activities described in paragraph (3) affects efficiency and reduces valuable research time. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that administrative burdens faced by researchers may be reducing the return on in-vestment of federally funded research and devel-opment. (c) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, in coordina-tion with the Office of Science and Technology Policy, shall establish an interagency working group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Work-ing Group’’) to reduce administrative burdens on federally funded researchers while protecting the public interest in the transparency of and accountability for federally funded activities. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall— (A) regularly review relevant, administration- related regulations imposed on federally funded researchers; and (B) recommend those regulations or processes that may be eliminated, streamlined, or other-wise improved for the purpose described in sub-section (c). (2) G
RANT REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group, in con-sultation with the Office of Management and Budget, shall— (i) conduct a comprehensive review of Federal science agency grant proposal documents; and (ii) develop, to the extent practicable, a sim-plified, uniform grant format to be used by all Federal science agencies. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the uni-form grant format, the Working Group shall consider whether to implement— (i) procedures for preliminary project pro-posals in advance of peer-review selection; (ii) increased use of ‘‘Just-In-Time’’ proce-dures for documentation that does not bear di-rectly on the scientific merit of a proposal; (iii) simplified initial budget proposals in ad-vance of peer review selection; and (iv) detailed budget proposals for applicants that peer review selection identifies as likely to be funded. (3) C
ENTRALIZED RESEARCHER PROFILE DATA -
BASE.— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Working Group shall establish, to the extent practicable, a se-cure, centralized database for investigator bio-sketches, curriculum vitae, licenses, publica-tions, and other documents considered relevant by the Working Group. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the cen-tralized database under subparagraph (A), the Working Group shall consider incorporating ex-isting investigator databases. (C) G
RANT PROPOSALS .—To the extent prac-ticable, all grant proposals shall utilize the cen-tralized researcher profile database established under subparagraph (A). (D) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each investigator shall— (i) be responsible for ensuring the investiga-tor’s profile is current and accurate; and (ii) be assigned a unique identifier linked to the database and accessible to all Federal fund-ing agencies. (4) C
ENTRALIZED ASSURANCES REPOSITORY .— The Working Group shall— (A) establish a central repository for all of the assurances required for Federal research grants; and (B) provide guidance to universities and Fed-eral science agencies on the use of the central-ized assurances repository. (5) COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group, in con-sultation with the Office of Management and Budget, shall— (i) conduct a comprehensive review of the mandated progress reports for federally funded research; and (ii) develop a strategy to simplify investigator progress reports. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the strat-egy, the Working Group shall consider limiting progress reports to performance outcomes. (e) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out its re-sponsibilities under subsection (d)(1), the Work-ing Group shall consult with academic research-ers outside the Federal Government, including— (1) federally funded researchers; (2) non-federally funded researchers; (3) institutions of higher education and their representative associations; (4) scientific and engineering disciplinary so-cieties and associations; (5) nonprofit research institutions; (6) industry, including small businesses; (7) federally funded research and development centers; and (8) members of the public with a stake in en-suring effectiveness, efficiency, and account-ability in the performance of scientific research. (f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the Working Group shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an an-nual report on its responsibilities under this sec-tion, including recommendations under sub-section (d)(1)(B). 
SEC. 202. SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL COLLABO-RATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL  W
ORKSHOP .—In this section, the term ‘‘scientific and technical workshop’’ means a symposium, seminar, or any other organized, formal gath-ering where scientists or engineers working in STEM research and development fields assemble to coordinate, exchange and disseminate infor-mation or to explore or clarify a defined subject, problem or area of knowledge in the STEM fields. (b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to encourage broad dissemination of Fed-eral research findings and engagement of Fed-eral researchers with the scientific and technical community. (c) A
UTHORITY .—Laboratory, test center, and field center directors and other similar heads of offices may approve scientific and technical workshop attendance if— (1) that attendance would meet the mission of the laboratory or test center; and (2) sufficient laboratory or test center funds are available for that purpose. (d) A
TTENDANCE POLICIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the heads of other relevant Federal science agencies, shall re-vise current policies and streamline processes, in accordance with the policy under subsection (b), for attendance at scientific and technical work-shops while ensuring appropriate oversight, ac-countability, and transparency. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In revising the policy under paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall consider the goal of adjudicating a request to attend a sci-entific and technical workshop not later than 30 days after the date of the request. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget revises the policies under paragraph (1), the head of each Federal science agency shall update that agency’s policies for attendance at scientific and technical work-shops. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7156 December 9, 2016 
(e) NIST W ORKSHOPS .—Section 2(c) of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)), as amended by section 104 of this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (19) through (24) as paragraphs (22) through (27), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (18) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(19) host, participate in, and support sci-entific and technical workshops (as defined in section 202 of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act); ‘‘(20) collect and retain any fees charged by the Secretary for hosting a scientific and tech-nical workshop described in paragraph (19); ‘‘(21) notwithstanding title 31 of the United States Code, use the fees described in paragraph (20) to pay for any related expenses, including subsistence expenses for participants;’’. 
SEC. 203. NIST GRANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS UPDATE. 
Section 8(a) of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3706(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘The total amount of any such grant or cooperative agree-ment may not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the program.’’. 
SEC. 204. REPEAL OF CERTAIN OBSOLETE RE-PORTS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF CERTAIN OBSOLETE REPORTS .— (1) NIST 
REPORTS .— (A) R
EPORT ON DONATION OF EDUCATIONALLY  
USEFUL FEDERAL EQUIPMENT TO SCHOOLS .—Sec- tion 6(b) of the Technology Administration Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 272 note) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GEN -
ERAL.—’’ and indenting appropriately; and (ii) by striking paragraph (2). (B) T
HREE-YEAR PROGRAMMATIC PLANNING  
DOCUMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Section 23 of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278i) is amended by striking subsections (c) and (d). (ii) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 10(h)(1) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278(h)(1)) is amended by striking the last sentence. (2) M
ULTIAGENCY REPORT ON INNOVATION AC -
CELERATION RESEARCH .—Section 1008 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 6603) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c). (3) NSF 
REPORTS .— (A) F
UNDING FOR SUCCESSFUL STEM EDUCATION  
PROGRAMS ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Section 7012 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o-4) is amended by striking subsection (c). (B) E
NCOURAGING PARTICIPATION ; EVALUATION  
AND REPORT .—Section 7031 of the America COM-PETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o-11) is amended by striking subsection (b). (C) M
ATH AND SCIENCE PARTNERSHIPS PRO -
GRAM COORDINATION REPORT .—Section 9(c) of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n(c)) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (4); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4). (b) N
ATIONAL NANOTECHNOLOGY INITIATIVE  R
EPORTS .—The 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501 et seq.) is amended— (1) by amending section 2(c)(4) (15 U.S.C. 7501(c)(4)) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) develop, not later than 5 years after the date of the release of the most-recent strategic plan, and update every 5 years thereafter, a strategic plan to guide the activities described under subsection (b) that describes— ‘‘(A) the near-term and long-term objectives for the Program; ‘‘(B) the anticipated schedule for achieving the near-term objectives; and ‘‘(C) the metrics that will be used to assess progress toward the near-term and long-term ob-jectives; ‘‘(D) how the Program will move results out of the laboratory and into application for the ben-efit of society; ‘‘(E) the Program’s support for long-term funding for interdisciplinary research and de-velopment in nanotechnology; and ‘‘(F) the allocation of funding for interagency nanotechnology projects;’’; (2) by amending section 4(d) (15 U.S.C. 7503(d)) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the most recent assessment under subsection (c), and quadrennially thereafter, the Advisory Panel shall submit to the President, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report its assess-ments under subsection (c) and its recommenda-tions for ways to improve the Program.’’; and (3) in section 5 (15 U.S.C. 7504)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
TRIENNIAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘
QUADRENNIAL ’’; (B) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘triennial’’ and in-serting ‘‘quadrennial’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘triennial’’ and inserting ‘‘quadrennial’’; (D) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘triennial’’ and inserting ‘‘quadrennial’’; and (E) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date the first evaluation under subsection (a) is received, and quadrennially thereafter, the Director of the National Nanotechnology Coordination Office shall report to the President its assessments under subsection (c) and its rec-ommendations for ways to improve the Program. ‘‘(2) C
ONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date the President receives the report under paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a copy of the report to Congress.’’. (c) M
AJOR RESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILI -
TIESCONSTRUCTION .—Section 14 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n-4) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) P
RIORITIZATION OF PROPOSED MAJOR RE-
SEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES CONSTRUC -
TION.— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF PRIORITIES .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(A) develop a list indicating by number the relative priority for funding under the major re-search equipment and facilities construction ac-count that the Director assigns to each project the Board has approved for inclusion in a fu-ture budget request; and ‘‘(B) submit the list described in subparagraph (A) to the Board for approval. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The Director shall include in the criteria for developing the list under para-graph (1) the readiness of plans for construction and operation, including confidence in the esti-mates of the full life-cycle cost (as defined in section 2 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 1862k note)) and the proposed schedule of completion. ‘‘(3) U
PDATES .—The Director shall update the list prepared under paragraph (1) each time the Board approves a new project that would re-ceive funding under the major research equip-ment and facilities construction account and pe-riodically submit any updated list to the Board for approval.’’; (2) by striking subsection (e); (3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (4) by amending subsection (c), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) B
OARD APPROVAL OF MAJOR RESEARCH  E
QUIPMENT AND FACILITIES PROJECTS .—The Board shall explicitly approve any project to be funded out of the major research equipment and facilities construction account before any funds may be obligated from such account for such project.’’. SEC. 205. REPEAL OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ECHNOLOGY INNOVATION PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 28 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278n) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) A
DDITIONAL AWARD CRITERIA .—Section 4226(b) of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 278n note) is repealed. (B) M
ANAGEMENT COSTS .—Section 2(d) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 25, 26, and 28’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 25 and 26’’. (C) A
NNUAL AND OTHER REPORTS TO SEC -
RETARY AND CONGRESS .—Section 10(h)(1) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278(h)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘, including the Program established under sec-tion 28,’’. (b) T
EACHERS FOR A COMPETITIVE TOMOR -
ROW.—Sections 6111 through 6116 of the America COMPETES Act (20 U.S.C. 9811, 9812, 9813, 9814, 9815, 9816) and the items relating to those sec-tions in the table of contents under section 2 of that Act (Public Law 110-69; 121 Stat. 572) are repealed. 
SEC. 206. GRANT SUBRECIPIENT TRANSPARENCY AND OVERSIGHT. 
By not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Foundation shall prepare and submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress an audit of the Foundation’s policies and procedures governing the monitoring of pass-through entities with re-spect to subrecipients. The audit shall include the following: (1) Information regarding the Foundation’s process to oversee— (A) the compliance of pass-through entities pursuant to section 200.331 and subpart F of part 200 of chapter II of subtitle A of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, and the other re-quirements of such title 2 for subrecipients; (B) whether pass-through entities have proc-esses and controls in place regarding financial compliance of subrecipients, where appropriate; and (C) whether pass-through entities have proc-esses and controls in place to maintain approved grant objectives for subrecipients, where appro-priate. (2) Any recommendations to increase the transparency and oversight of the selection process, grant objectives, and financial over-sight of the pass-through entities, while bal-ancing administrative burdens. 
SEC. 207. MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD FOR PROCUREMENT SOLICITATIONS BY RESEARCH INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) M ICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD .—The micro- purchase threshold for procurement activities administered under sections 6303 through 6305 of title 31, United States Code, awarded by the Na-tional Science Foundation, the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, or the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology to institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))), or related or affiliated nonprofit entities, or to nonprofit research orga-nizations or independent research institutes is— (1) $10,000 (as adjusted periodically to account for inflation); or (2) such higher threshold as determined ap-propriate by the head of the relevant executive agency and consistent with audit findings under chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code, internal institutional risk assessment, or State law. (b) U
NIFORM GUIDANCE .—The Uniform Guid-ance shall be revised to conform with the re-quirements of this section. For purposes of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7157 December 9, 2016 
preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Uniform Guid-ance’’ means the uniform administrative re-quirements, cost principles, and audit require-ments for Federal awards contained in part 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations. TITLE III—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATH EDUCATION 
SEC. 301. ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLAR-SHIP PROGRAM UPDATE. 
Section 10A of the National Science Founda-tion Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n– 1a) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(k) STEM T
EACHER SERVICE AND RETEN-
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall develop and implement practices for increasing the pro-portion of individuals receiving fellowships under this section who— ‘‘(A) fulfill the service obligation required under subsection (h); and ‘‘(B) remain in the teaching profession in a high need local educational agency beyond the service obligation. ‘‘(2) P
RACTICES .—The practices described under paragraph (1) may include— ‘‘(A) partnering with nonprofit or professional associations or with other government entities to provide individuals receiving fellowships under this section with opportunities for professional development, including mentorship programs that pair those individuals with currently em-ployed and recently retired science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or computer science professionals; ‘‘(B) increasing recruitment from high need districts; ‘‘(C) establishing a system to better collect, track, and respond to data on the career deci-sions of individuals receiving fellowships under this section; ‘‘(D) conducting research to better understand factors relevant to teacher service and retention, including factors specifically impacting the re-tention of teachers from underrepresented groups, including women and minorities; and ‘‘(E) conducting pilot programs to improve teacher service and retention.’’. 
SEC. 302. SPACE GRANTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program has been an important program by which the Federal Government has partnered with universities, colleges, industry, and other organizations to provide hands-on STEM experiences, fostering of multidisciplinary space research, and supporting graduate fellow-ships in space-related fields, among other pur-poses. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Section 40303 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION COSTS.—In carrying out the provisions of this chapter, the Administrator— ‘‘(1) shall maximize appropriated funds for grants and contracts made under section 40304 in each fiscal year; and ‘‘(2) in each fiscal year, the Administrator shall limit its program administration costs to no more than 5 percent of funds appropriated for this program for that fiscal year. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—For any fiscal year in which the Administrator cannot meet the administra-tion cost target under subsection (d)(2), if the Administration is unable to limit program costs under subsection (b), the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report, including— ‘‘(1) a description of why the Administrator did not meet the cost target under subsection (d); and ‘‘(2) the measures the Administrator will take in the next fiscal year to meet the cost target under subsection (d) without drawing upon other Federal funding.’’. 
SEC. 303. STEM EDUCATION ADVISORY PANEL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment this Act, Director of the Foundation, the Secretary of Education, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration shall jointly establish an advisory panel (referred to in this section as the ‘‘STEM Edu-cation Advisory Panel’’) to advise the Committee on STEM Education of the National Science and Technology Council (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘CoSTEM’’) on matters relating to STEM education. (b) MEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The STEM Education Advi-sory Panel shall be composed of not less than 11 members. (2) A
PPOINTMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Director of the Foundation, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Education and the heads of the Federal science agencies, shall appoint the members of the STEM Education Advisory Panel. (B) C
ONSIDERATION .—In selecting individuals to appoint under subparagraph (A), the Director of the Foundation shall seek and give consider-ation to recommendations from Congress, indus-try, the scientific community, including the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, scientific profes-sional societies, academia, State and local gov-ernments, organizations representing groups underrepresented in STEM fields, such as women and minorities, and such other organiza-tions as the Director considers appropriate. (C) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members shall— (i) primarily be individuals from academic in-stitutions, nonprofit organizations, and indus-try, including in-school, out-of-school, and in-formal education practitioners; and (ii) be individuals who are qualified to provide advice and information on STEM education re-search, development, training, implementation, interventions, professional development, or workforce needs or concerns. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) A
SSESSMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The STEM Education Advi-sory Panel shall advise CoSTEM and periodi-cally assess its progress in carrying out its re-sponsibilities under section 101(b) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621(b)). (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In its advisory role, the STEM Education Advisory Panel shall con-sider— (i) the appropriateness of criteria used by Fed-eral agencies to evaluate the effectiveness of Federal STEM education programs and activi-ties; (ii) ways to leverage private and nonprofit STEM investments and encourage public-private partnerships to strengthen STEM education and help build the STEM workforce pipeline; and (iii) how Federal agencies incentivize colleges and universities to improve retention of STEM students. (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The STEM Edu-cation Advisory Panel shall make recommenda-tions to improve Federal STEM education pro-grams and activities based on the assessment under paragraph (1). (d) F
UNDING .—The Director of the Founda-tion, the Secretary of Education, the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion shall jointly make funds available on an annual basis to support the activities of the STEM Education Advisory Panel. (e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 3 years thereafter, the STEM Education Advisory Panel shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, and CoSTEM a report on its assess-ment under subsection (c)(1) and recommenda-tions under subsection (c)(2). (f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES OF NON-FEDERAL MEM-
BERS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Non-Federal members of the STEM Education Advisory Panel, while attend-ing meetings of the panel or while otherwise serving at the request of a co-chairperson away from their homes or regular places of business, may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by sec-tion 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for indi-viduals in the Government serving without pay. (2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit mem-bers of the STEM Advisory Panel who are offi-cers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with existing law. 
SEC. 304. COMMITTEE ON STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 101(b) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) collaborate with the STEM Education Advisory Panel established under section 303 of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act and other outside stakeholders to ensure the engagement of the STEM education community; ‘‘(8) review the measures used by a Federal agency to evaluate its STEM education activi-ties and programs; ‘‘(9) request and review feedback from States on how the States are utilizing Federal STEM education programs and activities; and ‘‘(10) recommend the reform, termination, or consolidation of Federal STEM education ac-tivities and programs, taking into consideration the recommendations of the STEM Education Advisory Panel.’’. (b) R
EPORTS .—Section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF  OSTP.—’’ and inserting ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES  
OFOSTP.—’’; and (3) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) a description of all consolidations and terminations of Federal STEM education pro-grams and activities implemented in the pre-vious fiscal year, including an explanation for the consolidations and terminations; ‘‘(7) recommendations for reforms, consolida-tions, and terminations of STEM education pro-grams or activities in the upcoming fiscal year; and ‘‘(8) a description of any significant new STEM education public-private partnerships.’’. 
SEC. 305. GRANT PROGRAMS TO EXPAND STEM OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Economic projections by the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicate that by 2018, there could be 2.4 million unfilled STEM jobs. (2) Women represent slightly more than half the United States population, and projections indicate that 54 percent of the population will be a member of a racial or ethnic minority group by 2050. (3) Despite representing half the population, women comprise only about 30 percent of STEM workers according to a 2015 report by the Na-tional Center for Science and Engineering Sta-tistics. (4) A 2014 National Center for Education Sta-tistics study found that women and underrep-resented minorities leave the STEM fields at higher rates than their counterparts. (5) The representation of women in STEM drops significantly at the faculty level. Overall, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7158 December 9, 2016 
women hold only 25 percent of all tenured and tenure-track positions and 17 percent of full professor positions in STEM fields in our Na-tion’s universities and 4-year colleges. (6) Black and Hispanic faculty together hold about 6.5 percent of all tenured and tenure- track positions and 5 percent of full professor positions. (7) Many of the numbers in the American In-dian or Alaskan Native and Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander categories for different faculty ranks were too small for the National Science Foundation to report publicly without potentially compromising confidential informa-tion about the individuals being surveyed. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is critical to our Nation’s economic lead-ership and global competitiveness that we edu-cate, train, and retain more scientists, engi-neers, and computer scientists; (2) there is currently a disconnect between the availability of and growing demand for STEM- skilled workers; (3) women, minorities, and persons with dis-abilities are the largest untapped STEM talent pools in the United States; and (4) given the shifting demographic landscape, the United States should encourage full partici-pation of individuals described in paragraph (3) in STEM fields. (c) R
EAFFIRMATION .—The Director of the Foundation shall continue to support existing programs designed to broaden participation of women, minorities, and persons with disabilities in STEM fields. (d) P
ROGRAM TO BROADEN PARTICIPATION IN  STEM F
IELDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall award grants on a competitive, merit- reviewed basis, to eligible entities to increase the participation of women and groups underrep-resented in STEM fields. (2) A
PPLICATIONS .—An applicant seeking a grant under this section shall submit an appli-cation to the Director at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Director may require. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Activities supported by grants under this section may include the fol-lowing: (A) Online workshops. (B) Mentoring programs that partner science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or com-puter science professionals with applicable stu-dents. (C) Internships for applicable undergraduate and graduate students in STEM fields. (D) Conducting outreach programs that pro-vide applicable elementary school and sec-ondary school students with opportunities to in-crease their exposure to STEM fields. (E) Programs to increase the recruitment and retention of underrepresented faculty. (F) Such additional programs as the Director of the Foundation may consider appropriate. (e) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR GRADES K THROUGH  8.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall award grants to be used for research to advance the engagement of students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM that are de-signed to encourage interest, engagement, and skills development of students in STEM fields, particularly those who are members of groups underrepresented in STEM fields. (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Activities supported by grants under this section may include— (A) development and implementation of pro-gramming described in paragraph (1) for the purpose of research; (B) use of a variety of engagement methods, including cooperative and hands-on learning; (C) exposure of students who are members of groups underrepresented in STEM fields to role models, including near-peers, in STEM fields; (D) mentors; (E) training of informal learning educators and youth-serving professionals using evidence- based methods consistent with the target stu-dent population being served; (F) education of students on the relevance and significance of STEM careers, provision of academic advice and assistance, and activities designed to help students make real-world con-nections to STEM content activities; (G) attendance of underrepresented students at events, competitions, and academic programs to provide content expertise and encourage ca-reer exposure in STEM; (H) activities designed to engage parents of underrepresented students; (I) innovative strategies to engage underrep-resented students, such as using leadership skill outcome measures to encourage youth with the confidence to pursue STEM course work and academic study; (J) coordination with STEM-rich environ-ments, including other nonprofit, nongovern-mental organizations, classroom and out-of classroom settings, institutions of higher edu-cation, vocational facilities, corporations, muse-ums, or science centers; and (K) acquisition of instructional materials or technology-based tools to conduct applicable grant activity. (3) APPLICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an applicant seeking a grant under the sec-tion shall submit an application to the Director at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Director may require. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The application shall in-clude, at a minimum, the following: (i) A description of the target audience to be served by the program. (ii) A description of the process for recruit-ment and selection of students, as appropriate. (iii) A description of how such research activ-ity may inform programming that engages underrepresented students in grades kinder-garten through 8 in STEM. (iv) A description of how such research activ-ity may inform programming that promotes stu-dent academic achievement in STEM. (v) An evaluation plan to determine the im-pact and efficacy of activities being researched. (4) C
ONSIDERATION .—In awarding grants under this section, the Director shall give con-sideration to applicants which, for the purpose of grant activity, include or partner with an or-ganization that has extensive experience and ex-pertise in increasing the participation of under-represented students in STEM. (f) A
CCOUNTABILITY AND DISSEMINATION .— (1) E
VALUATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall evaluate the grants provided under this section. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the eval-uation under subparagraph (A), the Director shall— (i) use a common set of benchmarks and as-sessment tools to identify best practices and ma-terials developed or demonstrated by the re-search; and (ii) to the extent practicable, combine the re-search resulting from the grant activity under subsection (e) with the current research on serv-ing underrepresented students in grades kinder-garten through 8. (2) R
EPORT ON EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Director shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and make widely available to the public a report that includes— (A) the results of the evaluation; and (B) any recommendations for administrative and legislative action that could optimize the ef-fectiveness of the program. (g) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Director shall consult, cooperate, and coordinate, to enhance program effectiveness and to avoid duplication, with the programs and policies of other relevant Federal agencies. (h) DEFINITION OF GROUPS UNDERREP -
RESENTED IN STEM F IELDS .—In this section, the term ‘‘groups underrepresented in STEM fields’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘underrep-resented in science and engineering’’ in section 637.4(b) of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 306. CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE FOR INCLU-SION IN STEM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the Foundation shall carry out a program to award merit-reviewed, competitive grants to institu-tions of higher education, or consortia thereof, to establish not less than 1 Center of Excellence, (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Center’’) to collect, maintain, and disseminate information to increase participation of women and groups underrepresented in STEM fields (as defined in section 305(d)(4)). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Center is to promote diversity in STEM fields by building on the success of the INCLUDES programs, pro-viding technical assistance, maintaining best practices, and providing related training at fed-erally-funded academic institutions. (c) P
ROGRAM .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall establish each Center through a merit- reviewed, competitive award to an eligible entity for at least 3, but not more than to 5 years. (d) P
UBLIC DOMAIN .—All program information developed, collected, or maintained by a Center, except for personally identifiable information, is and shall remain part of the public domain. (e) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an eligible institution shall prepare and submit to the Director an ap-plication at such a time, in such form, and con-taining such information as the Director may require. (f) A
CTIVITIES .—Activities of a Center may in-clude— (1) conducting and disseminating research on— (A) systemic factors and institutional policies that impede or facilitate the recruitment, reten-tion, and success of underrepresented groups in STEM fields; and (B) best practices for mitigating the systemic factors and institutional policies that impede in-clusion of underrepresented groups in STEM fields; (2) collaborating with institutions of higher education, Federal agencies, industry, and rel-evant stakeholders to develop policies and prac-tices to facilitate the recruitment, retention, and success of underrepresented groups in STEM; (3) providing educational opportunities for STEM faculty members, staff, students, trainees, fellows, and administrators to learn about inclu-sion in STEM and to improve STEM mentoring; (4) developing and hosting intra- or inter-in-stitutional workshops, and providing ongoing support to workshop participants, to propagate best practices in recruiting, retaining, and ad-vancing STEM faculty members, staff, students, trainees, fellows, and administrators from underrepresented groups at institutions of high-er education; (5) assessing the effectiveness of efforts fund-ed by a Center or related efforts designed to in-crease inclusion in STEM; (6) assessing how modern STEM learning en-vironments can increase the inclusion, engage-ment, and retention of students in STEM fields, particularly for women and groups underrep-resented in STEM fields; and (7) such other actions as a Center determines are necessary to further the inclusion of under-represented groups in STEM. 
SEC. 307. NIST EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
(a) R EPEALS .—The National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking section 18 (15 U.S.C. 278g-1); and (2) by striking section 19A (15 U.S.C. 278g-2a). (b) E
DUCATION AND OUTREACH .—The National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7159 December 9, 2016 
U.S.C. 271 et seq.), as amended, is further amended by inserting after section 17, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 18. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director is authorized to expend funds appropriated for activities of the Institute in any fiscal year, to support, pro-mote, and coordinate activities and efforts to en-hance public awareness and understanding of measurement sciences, standards and tech-nology at the national measurement laboratories and otherwise in fulfillment of the mission of the Institute. The Director may carry out activi-ties under this subsection, including education and outreach activities to the general public, in-dustry and academia in support of the Insti-tute’s mission. ‘‘(b) H
IRING .—The Director, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, may revise the procedures the Di-rector applies when making appointments to laboratory positions within the competitive serv-ice— ‘‘(1) to ensure corporate memory of and exper-tise in the fundamental ongoing work, and on developing new capabilities in priority areas; ‘‘(2) to maintain high overall technical com-petence; ‘‘(3) to improve staff diversity; ‘‘(4) to balance emphases on the noncore and core areas; or ‘‘(5) to improve the ability of the Institute to compete in the marketplace for qualified per-sonnel. ‘‘(c) V
OLUNTEERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may establish a program to use volunteers in carrying out the programs of the Institute. ‘‘(2) A
CCEPTANCE OF PERSONNEL .—The Direc-tor may accept, subject to regulations issued by the Office of Personnel Management, voluntary service for the Institute for such purpose if the service— ‘‘(A) is to be without compensation; and ‘‘(B) will not be used to displace any current employee or act as a substitute for any future full-time employee of the Institute. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEE STATUS .—Any indi- vidual who provides voluntary service under this subsection shall not be considered a Federal employee, except for purposes of chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code (relating to com-pensation for injury), and sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28, United States Code (relating to tort claims). ‘‘(d) R
ESEARCH FELLOWSHIPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may expend funds appropriated for activities of the Institute in any fiscal year, as the Director considers ap-propriate, for awards of research fellowships and other forms of financial and logistical as-sistance, including direct stipend awards to— ‘‘(A) students at institutions of higher learn-ing within the United States who show promise as present or future contributors to the mission of the Institute; and ‘‘(B) United States citizens for research and technical activities of the Institute, including programs. ‘‘(2) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The selection of persons to receive such fellowships and assist-ance shall be made on the basis of ability and of the relevance of the proposed work to the mis-sion and programs of the Institute. ‘‘(3) F
INANCIAL AND LOGISTICAL ASSISTANCE .— Notwithstanding section 1345 of title 31, United States Code, or any other law to the contrary, the Director may include as a form of financial or logistical assistance under this subsection temporary housing and transportation to and from Institute facilities. ‘‘(e) E
DUCATIONAL OUTREACH ACTIVITIES .— The Director may— ‘‘(1) facilitate education programs for under-graduate and graduate students, postdoctoral researchers, and academic and industry employ-ees; ‘‘(2) sponsor summer internships for STEM high school teachers as appropriate; ‘‘(3) develop programs for graduate student internships and visiting faculty researchers; ‘‘(4) document publications, presentations, and interactions with visiting researchers and sponsoring interns as performance metrics for improving and continuing interactions with those individuals; and ‘‘(5) facilitate laboratory tours and provide presentations for educational, industry, and community groups.’’. (c) POST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— Section 19 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-2) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 19. POST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Institute and the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, jointly, shall estab-lish and conduct a post-doctoral fellowship pro-gram, subject to the availability of appropria-tions. ‘‘(b) O
RGANIZATION .—The post-doctoral fel-lowship program shall include not less than 20 nor more than 120 new fellows per fiscal year. ‘‘(c) E
VALUATIONS .—In evaluating applica-tions for post-doctoral fellowships under this section, the Director of the Institute and the President of the National Academy of Sciences shall give consideration to the goal of promoting the participation of underrepresented minorities in research areas supported by the Institute.’’. (d) S
AVINGS CLAUSES .— (1) R
ESEARCH FELLOWSHIPS AND OTHER FINAN -
CIAL ASSISTANCE TO STUDENTS AT INSTITUTES OF  
HIGHER EDUCATION .—The repeal made by sub-section (a)(1) of this section shall not affect any award of a research fellowship or other form of financial assistance made under section 18 of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-1) before the date of enactment of this Act. Such award shall con-tinue to be subject to the requirements to which such funds were subject under that section be-fore the date of enactment of this Act. (2) P
OST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— The amendment made by subsection (c) of this section shall not affect any award of a post-doc-toral fellowship or other form of financial assist-ance made under section 19 of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-2) before the date of enactment of this Act. Such awards shall continue to be sub-ject to the requirements to which such funds were subject under that section before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 308. PRESIDENTIAL AWARDS FOR EXCEL-LENCE IN STEM MENTORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall continue to administer awards on be-half of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to recognize outstanding mentoring in STEM fields. (b) A
NNUAL AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Director of the Foundation shall provide Congress with a list of award recipients, including the name, in-stitution, and a brief synopsis of the impact of the mentoring efforts. 
SEC. 309. WORKING GROUP ON INCLUSION IN STEM FIELDS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Office of Science and Technology Policy, in collaboration with Federal departments and agencies, shall estab-lish an interagency working group to compile and summarize available research and best practices on how to promote diversity and inclu-sions in STEM fields and examine whether bar-riers exist to promoting diversity and inclusion within Federal agencies employing scientists and engineers. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall be responsible for reviewing and assessing research, best practices, and policies across Fed-eral science agencies related to the inclusion of underrepresented groups in the Federal STEM workforce, including available research and best practices on how to promote diversity and inclu-sion in STEM fields, including— (1) policies providing flexibility for scientists and engineers that are also caregivers, particu-larly on the timing of research grants; (2) policies to address the proper handling of claims of sexual harassment; (3) policies to minimize the effects of implicit bias and other systemic factors in hiring, pro-motion, evaluation and the workplace in gen-eral; and (4) other evidence-based strategies that the working group considers effective for promoting diversity and inclusion in the STEM fields. (c) STAKEHOLDER INPUT.—In carrying out the responsibilities under section (b), the working group shall solicit and consider input and rec-ommendations from non-Federal stakeholders, including— (1) the Council of Advisors on Science and Technology; (2) federally funded and non-federally funded researchers, institutions of higher education, scientific disciplinary societies, and associa-tions; (3) nonprofit research institutions; (4) industry, including small businesses; (5) federally funded research and development centers; (6) non-governmental organizations; and (7) such other members of the public interested in promoting a diverse and inclusive Federal STEM workforce. (d) P
UBLIC REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and pe-riodically thereafter, the working group shall publish a report on the review and assessment under subsection (b), including a summary of available research and best practices, any rec-ommendations for Federal actions to promote a diverse and inclusive Federal STEM workforce, and updates on the implementation of previous recommendations for Federal actions. (e) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The au- thority provided by subsection (a) terminates ef-fective on the date that is 10 years after the date that the working group is established. 
SEC. 310. IMPROVING UNDERGRADUATE STEM EX-PERIENCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that each Federal science agency should invest in and expand research opportu-nities for undergraduate students attending in-stitutions of higher education during the under-graduate student’s first 2 academic years of postsecondary education. (b) I
DENTIFICATION OF RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the President rec-ommendations regarding how the agency could best fulfill the goals described in subsection (a). (c) B
ROADER IMPACTS .—Section 526(a)(6) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–358; 124 Stat. 4019) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) Improved undergraduate STEM edu-cation and instruction.’’. 
SEC. 311. COMPUTER SCIENCE EDUCATION RE-SEARCH. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that as the lead Federal agency for building the research knowl-edge base for computer science education, the Foundation is well positioned to make invest-ments that will accelerate ongoing efforts to en-able rigorous and engaging computer science throughout the Nation. (b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall award grants to eligible entities to re-search computer science education and com-putational thinking. (2) R
ESEARCH .—The research described in paragraph (1) may include the development or adaptation, piloting or full implementation, and testing of— (A) models of preservice preparation for teach-ers who will teach computer science and com-putational thinking; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7160 December 9, 2016 
(B) scalable and sustainable models of profes-sional development and ongoing support for the teachers described in subparagraph (A); (C) tools and models for teaching and learning aimed at supporting student success and inclu-sion in computing within and across diverse populations, particularly poor, rural, and tribal populations and other populations that have been traditionally underrepresented in computer science and STEM fields; and (D) instructional materials and high-quality learning opportunities for teaching computer science and, especially in poor, rural, or tribal schools at the elementary school and middle school levels, for integrating computational thinking into STEM teaching and learning. (c) C
OLLABORATIONS .—In carrying out the grants established in subsection (b), eligible en-tities may collaborate and partner with local or remote schools to support the integration of computing and computational thinking within pre-kindergarten through grade 12 STEM cur-ricula and instruction. (d) M
ETRICS .—The Director of the Foundation shall develop metrics to measure the success of the grant program funded under this section in achieving program goals. (e) R
EPORT .—The Director of the Foundation shall report, in the annual budget submission to Congress, on the success of the program as measured by the metrics in subsection (d). (f) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an in-stitution of higher education or a nonprofit re-search organization. 
SEC. 312. INFORMAL STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) N ATIONAL STEM P ARTNERSHIP GRANTS .— The Director of the National Science Founda-tion may award, through a cross-Directorate process including the Directorate for Education and Human Resources and at least one addi-tional Directorate of the Foundation, competi-tive, merit-reviewed grants to support a national partnership of institutions involved in informal STEM learning. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Activities supported by grants under this section may include— (1) fostering and implementing on-going part-nerships between institutions involved in infor-mal STEM learning, institutions of higher edu-cation, and education research centers; and (2) developing, adapting, and making avail-able informal STEM education activities and educational materials for broad implementation. 
SEC. 313. DEVELOPING STEM APPRENTICESHIPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The lack of data on the return on invest-ment for United States employers using reg-istered apprenticeships makes it difficult— (A) to communicate the value of these pro-grams to businesses; and (B) to expand registered apprenticeships. (2) The lack of data on the value and impact of employer-provided worker training, which is likely substantial, hinders the ability of the Federal Government to formulate policy related to workforce training. (3) The Secretary of Commerce has initiated— (A) the first study on the return on investment for United States employers using registered ap-prenticeships through case studies of firms in various sectors, occupations, and geographic lo-cations to provide the business community with data on employer benefits and costs; and (B) discussions with officials at relevant Fed-eral agencies about the need to collect com-prehensive data on— (i) employer-provided worker training; and (ii) existing tools that could be used to collect such data. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF APPRENTICESHIP INFOR -
MATION .—The Secretary of Commerce shall con-tinue to research the value to businesses of uti-lizing apprenticeship programs, including— (1) evidence of return on investment of ap-prenticeships, including estimates for the aver-age time it takes a business to recover the costs associated with training apprentices; and (2) data from the United States Census Bu-reau and other statistical surveys on employer- provided training, including apprenticeships and other on-the-job training and industry-rec-ognized certification programs. (c) DISSEMINATION OF APPRENTICESHIP INFOR -
MATION .—The Secretary of Commerce shall dis-seminate findings from research on apprentice-ships to businesses and other relevant stake-holders, including— (1) institutions of higher education; (2) State and local chambers of commerce; and (3) workforce training organizations. (d) S
TUDYING APPROACHES TO COLLECTING  E
MPLOYER -PROVIDED WORKER TRAINING  D
ATA.—The Secretary of Commerce and the Sec-retary of Labor shall— (1) collaborate to identify approaches to col-lecting employer-provided worker training data; (2) provide a report to the relevant congres-sional committees on— (A) the existing tools available to collect such data; and (B) the time and cost of collecting such data; and (3) provide recommendations to the relevant congressional committees on additional tools that may be needed to collect such data. (e) N
EWAPPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM STUDY .— The Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Labor shall collaborate to study approaches for reducing the cost of creating new apprenticeship programs and hosting apprentices for busi-nesses, particularly small businesses, includ-ing— (1) training sharing agreements; (2) group training models; and (3) pooling resources and best practices. (f) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  G
RANTS .—The Stevenson-Wydler Technology In-novation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 28. STEM APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce may carry out a grant program to identify the need for skilled science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics (referred to in this section as ‘STEM’) workers and to expand STEM ap-prenticeship programs. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘eligible recipient’ means— ‘‘(1) a State; ‘‘(2) an Indian tribe; ‘‘(3) a city or other political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(4) an entity that— ‘‘(A) is a nonprofit organization, an institu-tion of higher education, a public-private part-nership, a science or research park, a Federal laboratory, or an economic development organi-zation or similar entity; and ‘‘(B) has an application that is supported by a State, a political subdivision of a State, or a native organization; or ‘‘(5) a consortium of any of the entities de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (5). ‘‘(c) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT GRANTS .—The Sec- retary of Commerce may provide a grant to an eligible recipient to conduct a needs assessment to identify— ‘‘(1) the unmet need of a region’s employer base for skilled STEM workers; ‘‘(2) the potential of STEM apprenticeships to address the unmet need described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) any barriers to addressing the unmet need described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) A
PPRENTICESHIP EXPANSION GRANTS .— The Secretary of Commerce may provide a grant to an eligible recipient that has conducted a needs assessment as described in subsection (c)(1) to develop infrastructure to expand STEM apprenticeship programs.’’. 
SEC. 314. NSF REPORT ON BROADENING PARTICI-PATION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the National Science Founda-tion shall— (1) review data on the participation in Foun-dation activities of institutions serving groups that are underrepresented in STEM disciplines, including poor, rural, and tribal populations; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the findings from such review and a recommendation or rec-ommendations regarding how the Foundation could improve outreach and inclusion of these groups in Foundation activities. SEC. 315. NOAA OCEAN AND ATMOSPHERIC SCIENCE EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 4002 of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a) is amended by inserting after ‘‘from underrepresented groups’’ the following: ‘‘, in-cluding ethnic, racial, and economic minority groups,’’. (b) E
DUCATIONAL PROGRAM GOALS.—Para- graph (4) of section 4002(b) of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (C) and subparagraph (D); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) are designed considering the unique needs of underrepresented racial and ethnic groups, translating such materials and other re-sources into appropriate multi-lingual cur-ricula;’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) are promoted widely, especially among underrepresented groups (including among ra-cial and ethnic minority communities); and’’. (c) M
ETRICS .—Section 4002 of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by adding after section (c) the following: ‘‘(d) M
ETRICS .—In executing the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration science education plan under subsection (c), the Administrator shall maintain a comprehensive system for evaluating the Administration’s edu-cational programs and activities. In so doing, the Administrator shall ensure that such edu-cation programs have measurable objectives and milestones as well as clear, documented metrics for evaluating programs. For each such edu-cation program or portfolio of similar programs, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) encourage the collection of evidence as relevant to the measurable objectives and mile-stones; and ‘‘(2) ensure that program or portfolio evalua-tions focus on educational outcomes and not just inputs, activities completed, or the number of participants.’’. TITLE IV—LEVERAGING THE PRIVATE SECTOR 
SEC. 401. PRIZE COMPETITION AUTHORITY UP-DATE. 
Section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
RIZES ’’ and by inserting ‘‘P RIZE COMPETI -
TIONS ’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘prize may be one or more of the fol-lowing’’ and inserting ‘‘prize competition may be 1 or more of the following types of activities’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘competi-tion’’ after ‘‘prize’’; and (D) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘prize competitions’’; (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’ and inserting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Government website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; (B) in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), by insert-ing ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7161 December 9, 2016 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prize’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘prize’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ be-fore ‘‘competition’’; (4) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ be-fore ‘‘competition’’ each place it appears; (5) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’ each place it appears; (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may waive the requirement under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) L
IST.—The Director shall include a list of all of the waivers granted under this para-graph during the preceding fiscal year, includ-ing a detailed explanation of the reason for granting the waiver.’’; (6) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ be-fore ‘‘competition’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) L
ICENSES .—As appropriate and to further the goals of a prize competition, the Federal Government may— ‘‘(A) negotiate a license for the use of intellec-tual property developed by a registered partici-pant in a prize competition; or ‘‘(B) require a registered participant in a prize competition to provide an open license to the public for the use of the intellectual property if that requirement is disclosed prior to registra-tion.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
LECTRONIC CONSENT .—The Federal Gov-ernment may obtain consent to the intellectual property and licensing terms of a prize competi-tion from participants during the online reg-istration for the prize competition.’’; (7) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘each com-petition’’ and inserting ‘‘each prize competi-tion’’ each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ be-fore ‘‘competitions’’ each place it appears; (8) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘an agree-ment with’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity or State or local government agency to administer the prize competition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; (9) in subsection (m)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Support for a prize com-petition under this section, including financial support for the design and administration of a prize competition or funds for a cash prize purse, may consist of Federal appropriated funds and funds provided by private sector for- profit and nonprofit entities. The head of an agency may request and accept funds from other Federal agencies, State, United States territory, local, or tribal government agencies, private sec-tor for-profit entities, and nonprofit entities, to be available to the extent provided by appro-priations Acts, to support such prize competi-tions. The head of an agency may not give any special consideration to any agency or entity in return for a donation.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prize awards’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non-cash prize awards’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) ANNOUNCEMENT .—No prize competition may be announced under subsection (f) until all the funds needed to pay out the announced amount of the cash prize purse have been ap-propriated or committed in writing by a private or State, United States territory, local, or tribal government source.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-ing ‘‘a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘prize’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘or State, United States territory, local, or tribal govern-ment’’ after ‘‘private’’; (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse or a non-cash prize award’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Science, Space, and Tech-nology’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non- cash prize awards’’; (10) in subsection (n)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
ERVICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘S
ERVICES ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the date of the enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010,’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enactment of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act,’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘for both for-profit and non-profit entities and State, United States territory, local, and tribal government entities,’’ after ‘‘contract vehicle’’; (11) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ‘‘or pro-viding a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a prize competi-tion or providing a cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; and (12) in subsection (p)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B
IENNIAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each year’’ and inserting ‘‘every other year’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Science, Space, and Technology’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘2 fiscal years’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘The report for a fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘A report’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
PRIZES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
PRIZE PURSES OR NON -CASH PRIZE  
AWARDS ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non- cash prize awards’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) P
LAN.—A description of crosscutting top-ical areas and agency-specific mission needs that may be the strongest opportunities for prize competitions during the upcoming 2 fiscal years.’’. 
SEC. 402. CROWDSOURCING AND CITIZEN SCIENCE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the authority granted to Federal agencies under the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–358; 124 Stat. 3982) to pursue the use of incentive prizes and chal-lenges has yielded numerous benefits; (2) crowdsourcing and citizen science projects have a number of additional unique benefits, in-cluding accelerating scientific research, increas-ing cost effectiveness to maximize the return on taxpayer dollars, addressing societal needs, pro-viding hands-on learning in STEM, and con-necting members of the public directly to Fed-eral agency missions and to each other; and (3) granting Federal agencies the direct, ex-plicit authority to use crowdsourcing and cit-izen science will encourage its appropriate use to advance agency missions and stimulate and facilitate broader public participation in the in-novation process, yielding numerous benefits to the Federal Government and citizens who par-ticipate in such projects. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ITIZEN SCIENCE .—The term ‘‘citizen science’’ means a form of open collaboration in which individuals or organizations participate voluntarily in the scientific process in various ways, including— (A) enabling the formulation of research ques-tions; (B) creating and refining project design; (C) conducting scientific experiments; (D) collecting and analyzing data; (E) interpreting the results of data; (F) developing technologies and applications; (G) making discoveries; and (H) solving problems. (2) C
ROWDSOURCING .—The term ‘‘crowdsourcing’’ means a method to obtain needed services, ideas, or content by soliciting voluntary contributions from a group of individ-uals or organizations, especially from an online community. (3) P
ARTICIPANT .—The term ‘‘participant’’ means any individual or other entity that has volunteered in a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section. (c) C
ROWDSOURCING AND CITIZEN SCIENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal agency, or the heads of multiple Federal agen-cies working cooperatively, may utilize crowdsourcing and citizen science to conduct activities designed to advance the mission of the respective Federal agency or the joint mission of Federal agencies, as applicable. (2) V
OLUNTARY SERVICES .—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the head of a Federal agency may accept, subject to regulations issued by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, services from partici-pants under this section if such services— (A) are performed voluntarily as a part of a crowdsourcing or citizen science project author-ized under paragraph (1); (B) are not financially compensated for their time; and (C) will not be used to displace any employee of the Federal Government. (3) O
UTREACH .—The head of each Federal agency engaged in a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section shall make public and promote such project to encourage broad participation. (4) C
ONSENT , REGISTRATION , AND TERMS OF  
USE.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal agency is au-thorized to determine the appropriate level of consent, registration, or acknowledgment of the terms of use that are required from participants in crowdsourcing or citizen science projects under this section on a per-project basis. (B) D
ISCLOSURES .—In seeking consent, con-ducting registration, or developing terms of use for a project under this subsection, a Federal agency shall disclose the privacy, intellectual property, data ownership, compensation, serv-ice, program, and other terms of use to the par-ticipant in a clear and reasonable manner. (C) M
ODE OF CONSENT .—A Federal agency or Federal agencies, as applicable, may obtain con-sent electronically or in written form from par-ticipants under this section. (5) P
ROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN SUBJECTS .—Any crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section that involves research involving human subjects shall be subject to part 46 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation). (6) D
ATA.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal agency shall, where appropriate and to the extent practicable, make data collected through a crowdsourcing or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7162 December 9, 2016 
citizen science project under this section avail-able to the public, in a machine readable format, unless prohibited by law. (B) N
OTICE .—As part of the consent process, the Federal agency shall notify all partici-pants— (i) of the expected uses of the data compiled through the project; (ii) if the Federal agency will retain owner-ship of such data; (iii) if and how the data and results from the project would be made available for public or third party use; and (iv) if participants are authorized to publish such data. (7) T
ECHNOLOGIES AND APPLICATIONS .—Fed- eral agencies shall endeavor to make tech-nologies, applications, code, and derivations of such intellectual property developed through a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section available to the public. (8) L
IABILITY .—Each participant in a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section shall agree— (A) to assume any and all risks associated with such participation; and (B) to waive all claims against the Federal Government and its related entities, except for claims based on willful misconduct, for any in-jury, death, damage, or loss of property, rev-enue, or profits (whether direct, indirect, or con-sequential) arising from participation in the project. (9) S
CIENTIFIC INTEGRITY .—Federal agencies coordinating crowdsourcing or citizen science projects under this section shall make all prac-ticable efforts to ensure that participants adhere to all relevant scientific integrity or other appli-cable ethics policies. (10) M
ULTI-SECTOR PARTNERSHIPS .—The head of each Federal agency engaged in crowdsourcing or citizen science under this sec-tion, or the heads of multiple Federal agencies working cooperatively, may enter into a con-tract or other agreement to share administrative duties for such activities with— (A) a for profit or nonprofit private sector en-tity, including a private institution of higher education; (B) a State, tribal, local, or foreign govern-ment agency, including a public institution of higher education; or (C) a public-private partnership. (11) F
UNDING .—In carrying out crowdsourcing and citizen science projects under this section, the head of a Federal agency, or the heads of multiple Federal agencies working coopera-tively— (A) may use funds appropriated by Congress; (B) may publicize projects and solicit and ac-cept funds or in-kind support for such activities from— (i) other Federal agencies; (ii) for profit or nonprofit private sector enti-ties, including private institutions of higher education; or (iii) State, tribal, local, or foreign government agencies, including public institutions of higher education; and (C) may not give any special consideration to any entity described in subparagraph (ii) in re-turn for such funds or in-kind support. (12) F
ACILITATION .— (A) G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION AS -
SISTANCE .—The Administrator of the General Services Administration, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, shall, at no cost to Federal agencies, iden-tify and develop relevant products, training, and services to facilitate the use of crowdsourcing and citizen science projects under this section, including by specifying the appropriate contract vehicles and technology and organizational platforms to enhance the ability of Federal agencies to carry out the ac-tivities under this section. (B) A
DDITIONAL GUIDANCE .—The head of each Federal agency engaged in crowdsourcing or cit-izen science under this section is encouraged— (i) to consult any guidance provided by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, including the Federal Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science Toolkit; (ii) to designate a coordinator for that Federal agency’s crowdsourcing and citizen science projects; and (iii) to share best practices with other Federal agencies, including participation of staff in the Federal Community of Practice for Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science. (d) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy shall include, as a component of a report re-quired under section 24(p) of the Stevenson- Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719(p)), a report on the activities carried out under this section. (2) I
NFORMATION INCLUDED .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a summary of each crowdsourcing and cit-izen science project conducted by a Federal agency during the most recently completed 2 fis-cal years, including a description of the pro-posed goals of each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (B) the participation rates, submission levels, number of consents, or any other statistic that might be considered relevant in each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (C) a description of— (i) the resources (including personnel and funding) that were used in the execution of each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (ii) the activities for which such resources were used; and (iii) how the obligations and expenditures re-lating to the project’s execution were allocated among the accounts of the Federal agency; (D) a summary of the use of crowdsourcing and citizen science by all Federal agencies, in-cluding interagency and multi-sector partner-ships; and (E) any other information that the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy considers relevant. (e) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed— (1) to affect the authority to conduct crowdsourcing and citizen science authorized by any other provision of law; or (2) to displace Federal Government resources allocated to the Federal agencies that use crowdsourcing or citizen science authorized under this section to carry out a project. 
SEC. 403. NIST OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY UPDATE. 
Section 2(b)(4) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(b)(4)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) to enter into and perform such contracts, including cooperative research and development arrangements, grants, cooperative agreements, real property leases, or other transactions, as may be necessary in furtherance of the purposes of this Act and on such terms as the Director considers appropriate;’’. 
SEC. 404. NIST VISITING COMMITTEE ON AD-VANCED TECHNOLOGY UPDATE. 
Section 10(a) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278(a)) is amended— (1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘15 members appointed by the Director, at least 10 of whom’’ and ‘‘not fewer than 9 members ap-pointed by the Director, a majority of whom’’; and (2) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Na-tional Bureau of Standards’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology’’. TITLE V—MANUFACTURING 
SEC. 501. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-SION PARTNERSHIP IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 25. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-SION PARTNERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) A
REA CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION  
SCHOOL .—The term ‘area career and technical education school’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Vocational Education Act of 1963 (20 U.S.C. 2302). ‘‘(3) C
ENTER .—The term ‘Center’ means a manufacturing extension center that— ‘‘(A) is created under subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) is affiliated with an eligible entity that applies for and is awarded financial support under subsection (e). ‘‘(4) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘commu-nity college’ means an institution of higher edu-cation (as defined under section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) at which the highest degree that is pre-dominately awarded to students is an associ-ate’s degree. ‘‘(5) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-ty’ means a United States-based nonprofit insti-tution, or consortium thereof, an institution of higher education, or a State, United States terri-tory, local, or tribal government. ‘‘(6) H
OLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTENSION  
PARTNERSHIP OR PROGRAM .—The term ‘Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership’ or ‘Pro-gram’ means the program established under sub-section (b). ‘‘(7) MEP 
ADVISORY BOARD .—The term ‘MEP Advisory Board’ means the Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership Advisory Board established under subsection (n). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .—The Sec- retary, acting through the Director and, if ap-propriate, through other Federal officials, shall establish a program to provide assistance for the creation and support of manufacturing exten-sion centers for the transfer of manufacturing technology and best business practices. ‘‘(c) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the Program shall be to enhance competitiveness, produc-tivity, and technological performance in United States manufacturing through— ‘‘(1) the transfer of manufacturing technology and techniques developed at the Institute to Centers and, through them, to manufacturing companies throughout the United States; ‘‘(2) the participation of individuals from in-dustry, institutions of higher education, State governments, other Federal agencies, and, when appropriate, the Institute in cooperative tech-nology transfer activities; ‘‘(3) efforts to make new manufacturing tech-nology and processes usable by United States- based small and medium-sized companies; ‘‘(4) the active dissemination of scientific, en-gineering, technical, and management informa-tion about manufacturing to industrial firms, including small and medium-sized manufac-turing companies; ‘‘(5) the utilization, when appropriate, of the expertise and capability that exists in Federal agencies, other than the Institute, and feder-ally-sponsored laboratories; ‘‘(6) the provision to community colleges and area career and technical education schools of information about the job skills needed in man-ufacturing companies, including small and me-dium-sized manufacturing businesses in the re-gions they serve; ‘‘(7) the promotion and expansion of certifi-cation systems, including efforts to assist small- and medium-sized manufacturing businesses in creating new apprenticeships or utilizing exist-ing apprenticeships, such as facilitating train-ing and providing access to information and ex-perts, to address workforce needs and skills gaps; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7163 December 9, 2016 
‘‘(8) the growth in employment and wages at United States-based small and medium-sized companies. ‘‘(d) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities of a Center shall include— ‘‘(1) the establishment of automated manufac-turing systems and other advanced production technologies, based on Institute-supported re-search, for the purpose of demonstrations and technology transfer; ‘‘(2) the active transfer and dissemination of research findings and Center expertise to a wide range of companies and enterprises, particularly small and medium-sized manufacturers; and ‘‘(3) the facilitation of collaborations and partnerships between small and medium-sized manufacturing companies , community colleges, and area career and technical education schools, to help those entities better understand the specific needs of manufacturers and to help manufacturers better understand the skill sets that students learn in the programs offered by such colleges and schools. ‘‘(e) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide finan-cial assistance for the creation and support of a Center through a cooperative agreement with an eligible entity. ‘‘(2) C
OST SHARING .—The Secretary may not provide more than 50 percent of the capital and annual operating and maintenance funds re-quired to establish and support a Center. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (2), any amount received by an eligi-ble entity for a Center under a provision of law other than paragraph (1) shall not be considered an amount provided under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM DESCRIPTION .—The Secretary shall establish and update, as necessary— ‘‘(A) a description of the Program; ‘‘(B) the application procedures; ‘‘(C) performance metrics; ‘‘(D) criteria for determining qualified appli-cants; and ‘‘(E) criteria for choosing recipients of finan-cial assistance from among the qualified appli-cants. ‘‘(F) procedures for determining allowable cost share contributions; and ‘‘(G) such other program policy objectives and operational procedures as the Secretary con-siders necessary. ‘‘(3) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To be considered for finan-cial assistance under this section, an applicant shall provide adequate assurances that the ap-plicant and if applicable, the applicant’s partnering organizations, will obtain funding for not less than 50 percent of the capital and annual operating and maintenance funds re-quired to establish and support the Center from sources other than the financial assistance pro-vided under subsection (e). ‘‘(B) A
GREEMENTS WITH OTHER ENTITIES .—In meeting the cost-sharing requirement under sub-paragraph (A), an eligible entity may enter into an agreement with 1 or more other entities, such as a private industry, an institution of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal government for the contribution by that other entity of funding if the Secretary determines the agreement— ‘‘(i) is programmatically reasonable; ‘‘(ii) will help accomplish programmatic objec-tives; and ‘‘(iii) is allocable under Program procedures under subsection (f)(2). ‘‘(4) L
EGAL RIGHTS .—Each applicant shall in-clude in the application a proposal for the allo-cation of the legal rights associated with any in-tellectual property which may result from the activities of the Center. ‘‘(5) MERIT REVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall subject each application to merit review. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a decision whether to approve an application and provide financial assistance under subsection (e), the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) the merits of the application, particularly those portions of the application regarding tech-nology transfer, training and education, and adaptation of manufacturing technologies to the needs of particular industrial sectors; ‘‘(ii) the quality of service to be provided; ‘‘(iii) the geographical diversity and extent of the service area; and ‘‘(iv) the type and percentage of funding from other sources under paragraph (3). ‘‘(g) E
VALUATIONS .— ‘‘(1) T
HIRD AND EIGHTH YEAR EVALUATIONS BY  
PANEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ensure that each Center is evaluated during its third and eighth years of operation by an evaluation panel appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) C
OMPOSITION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each evaluation panel appointed under subparagraph (A) is composed of— ‘‘(i) private experts, none of whom are con-nected with the Center evaluated by the panel; and ‘‘(ii) Federal officials. ‘‘(C) C
HAIRPERSON .—For each evaluation panel appointed under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall appoint a chairperson who is an official of the Institute. ‘‘(2) F
IFTH YEAR EVALUATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—In the fifth year of operation of a Center, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the Center. ‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—In evalu- ating a Center an evaluation panel or the Sec-retary, as applicable, shall measure the perform-ance of the Center against— ‘‘(A) the objective specified in subsection (c); ‘‘(B) the performance metrics under subsection (f)(2)(C); and ‘‘(C) such other criterion as considered appro-priate by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) P
OSITIVE EVALUATIONS .—If an evaluation of a Center is positive, the Secretary may con-tinue to provide financial assistance for the Center— ‘‘(A) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the third year of a Center, through the fifth year of the Center; ‘‘(B) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the fifth year of a Center, through the eighth year of the Center; and ‘‘(C) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the eighth year of a Center, through the tenth year of the Center. ‘‘(5) O
THER THAN POSITIVE EVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(A) P
ROBATION .—If an evaluation of a Cen-ter is other than positive, the Secretary shall put the Center on probation during the period beginning on the date that the Center receives notice under subparagraph (B)(i) and ending on the date that the reevaluation is complete under subparagraph (B)(iii). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND REEVALUATION .—If a Center receives an evaluation that is other than posi-tive, the evaluation panel or Secretary, as appli-cable, shall— ‘‘(i) notify the Center of the reason, including any deficiencies in the performance of the Cen-ter identified during the evaluation; ‘‘(ii) assist the Center in remedying the defi-ciencies by providing the Center, not less fre-quently than once every 3 months, an analysis of the Center, if considered appropriate by the panel or Secretary, as applicable; and ‘‘(iii) reevaluate the Center not later than 1 year after the date of the notice under clause (i). ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED SUPPORT DURING PERIOD OF  
PROBATION .—The Secretary may continue to provide financial assistance under subsection (e) for a Center during the probation period. ‘‘(6) FAILURE TO REMEDY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a Center fails to remedy a deficiency or to show significant improvement in performance before the end of the probation period under paragraph (5), the Secretary shall conduct a competition to select an operator for the Center under subsection (h). ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF CENTERS SUBJECT TO NEW  
COMPETITION .—Upon the selection of an oper-ator for a Center under subsection (h), the Cen-ter shall be considered a new Center and the calculation of the years of operation of that Center for purposes of paragraphs (1) through (5) of this subsection and subsection (h)(1) shall start anew. ‘‘(h) R
EAPPLICATION COMPETITION FOR FINAN-
CIALASSISTANCE AFTER 10 Y EARS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an eligible entity has op-erated a Center under this section for a period of 10 consecutive years, the Secretary shall con-duct a competition to select an eligible entity to operate the Center in accordance with the proc-ess plan under subsection (i). ‘‘(2) I
NCUMBENT ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An eligi- ble entity that has received financial assistance under this section for a period of 10 consecutive years and that the Secretary determines is in good standing shall be eligible to compete in the competition under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF CENTERS SUBJECT TO RE -
APPLICATION COMPETITION .—Upon the selection of an operator for a Center under paragraph (1), the Center shall be considered a new Center and the calculation of the years of operation of that Center for purposes of paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (g) shall start anew. ‘‘(i) P
ROCESS PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act, the Sec-retary shall implement and submit to Congress a plan for how the Institute will conduct an eval-uation, competition, and reapplication competi-tion under this section. ‘‘(j) O
PERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMA -
TION OF CENTER CLIENTS .—The following infor-mation, if obtained by the Federal Government in connection with an activity of a Center or the Program, shall be exempt from public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code: ‘‘(A) Information on the business operation of any participant in the Program or of a client of a Center. ‘‘(B) Trade secrets of any client of a Center. ‘‘(k) O
VERSIGHT BOARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition on receipt of financial assistance for a Center under sub-section (e), an eligible entity shall establish a board to oversee the operations of the Center. ‘‘(2) S
TANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall estab-lish appropriate standards for each board de-scribed under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the standards, the Director shall take into account the type and organizational structure of an eli-gible entity. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The standards shall ad-dress, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) membership; ‘‘(ii) composition; ‘‘(iii) term limits; ‘‘(iv) conflicts of interest; and ‘‘(v) whether to limit board members serving on multiple boards under this section. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each board established under paragraph (1) shall be composed of mem-bers as follows: ‘‘(i) The membership of each board shall be representative of stakeholders in the region in which the Center is located. ‘‘(ii) A majority of the members of the board shall be selected from among individuals who own or are employed by small or medium-sized manufacturers. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—A member of a board estab-lished under paragraph (1) may not serve on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7164 December 9, 2016 
more than 1 board established under that para-graph. ‘‘(4) B
YLAWS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each board established under paragraph (1) shall adopt and submit to the Director bylaws to govern the operation of the board. ‘‘(B) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—Bylaws adopt-ed under subparagraph (A) shall include poli-cies to minimize conflicts of interest, including such policies relating to disclosure of relation-ships and recusal as may be necessary to mini-mize conflicts of interest. ‘‘(l) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS.—In addition to such sums as may be appropriated to the Sec-retary and Director to operate the Program, the Secretary and Director may also accept funds from other Federal departments and agencies and from the private sector under section 2(c)(7) of this Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)(7)), to be available to the extent provided by appropriations Acts, for the purpose of strengthening United States manufacturing. ‘‘(m) MEP A
DVISORY BOARD .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Institute a Manufacturing Extension Partnership Advisory Board. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The MEP Advisory Board shall consist of not fewer than 10 members ap-pointed by the Director and broadly representa-tive of stakeholders. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Of the members ap-pointed under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) at least 2 members shall be employed by or on an advisory board for a Center; and ‘‘(II) at least 5 other members shall be from United States small businesses in the manufac-turing sector. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION .—No member of the MEP Advisory Board shall be an employee of the Fed-eral Government. ‘‘(B) T
ERM.—Except as provided in subpara-graph (C), the term of office of each member of the MEP Advisory Board shall be 3 years. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCIES .—Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expiration of the term for which his predecessor was ap-pointed shall be appointed for the remainder of such term. ‘‘(D) S
ERVING CONSECUTIVE TERMS .—Any per- son who has completed 2 consecutive full terms of service on the MEP Advisory Board shall thereafter be ineligible for appointment during the 1-year period following the expiration of the second such term. ‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The MEP Advisory Board shall— ‘‘(A) meet not less than biannually; and ‘‘(B) provide to the Director— ‘‘(i) advice on the activities, plans, and poli-cies of the Program; ‘‘(ii) assessments of the soundness of the plans and strategies of the Program; and ‘‘(iii) assessments of current performance against the plans of the Program. ‘‘(4) FACA 
APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In discharging its duties under this subsection, the MEP Advisory Board shall function solely in an advisory capacity, in accordance with the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Section 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the MEP Advisory Board. ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At a minimum, the MEP Advisory Board shall transmit an annual report to the Secretary for transmittal to Congress not later than 30 days after the submission to Con-gress of the President’s annual budget request in each year. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall address the status of the Program and describe the relevant sections of the programmatic planning document and updates thereto transmitted to Congress by the Director under subsections (c) and (d) of section 23 (15 U.S.C. 278i). ‘‘(n) SMALL MANUFACTURERS .— ‘‘(1) E
VALUATION OF OBSTACLES .—As part of the Program, the Director shall— ‘‘(A) identify obstacles that prevent small manufacturers from effectively competing in the global market; ‘‘(B) implement a comprehensive plan to train the Centers to address the obstacles identified in paragraph (2); and ‘‘(C) facilitate improved communication be-tween the Centers to assist such manufacturers in implementing appropriate, targeted solutions to the obstacles identified in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF OPEN ACCESS RE -
SOURCES .—As part of the Program, the Secretary shall develop open access resources that address best practices related to inventory sourcing, sup-ply chain management, manufacturing tech-niques, available Federal resources, and other topics to further the competitiveness and profit-ability of small manufacturers.’’. (b) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS PROGRAM .—The Na- tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amended by insert-ing after section 25 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 25A. COMPETITIVE AWARDS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall es-tablish within the Hollings Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership under section 25 (15 U.S.C. 278k) and section 26 (15 U.S.C. 278l) a program of competitive awards among participants de-scribed in subsection (b) of this section for the purposes described in subsection (c). ‘‘(b) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Participants receiving awards under this section shall be Centers, or a consortium of Centers. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE , T HEMES , AND REIMBURSE -
MENT .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program established under subsection (a) is to add capa-bilities to the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, including the development of projects to solve new or emerging manufacturing problems as determined by the Director, in con-sultation with the Director of the Hollings Man-ufacturing Extension Partnership, the MEP Ad-visory Board, other Federal agencies, and small and medium-sized manufacturers. ‘‘(2) T
HEMES .—The Director may identify 1 or more themes for a competition carried out under this section, which may vary from year to year, as the Director considers appropriate after as-sessing the needs of manufacturers and the suc-cess of previous competitions. ‘‘(3) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Centers may be reim-bursed for costs incurred by the Centers under this section. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—Applications for awards under this section shall be submitted in such manner, at such time, and containing such in-formation as the Director shall require in con-sultation with the MEP Advisory Board. ‘‘(e) S
ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) P
EER REVIEW AND COMPETITIVELY AWARD -
ED.—The Director shall ensure that awards under this section are peer reviewed and com-petitively awarded. ‘‘(2) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—The Director shall endeavor to have broad geographic diver-sity among selected proposals. ‘‘(3) C
RITERIA .—The Director shall select ap-plications to receive awards that the Director determines will achieve 1 or more of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Improve the competitiveness of industries in the region in which the Center or Centers are located. ‘‘(B) Create jobs or train newly hired employ-ees. ‘‘(C) Promote the transfer and commercializa-tion of research and technology from institu-tions of higher education, national laboratories or other Federally-funded research programs, and nonprofit research institutes. ‘‘(D) Recruit a diverse manufacturing work-force, including through outreach to women and minorities. ‘‘(E) Such other result as the Director deter-mines will advance the objective set forth in sec-tion 25(c) (15 U.S.C. 278k) or in section 26 (15 U.S.C. 278l). ‘‘(f) PROGRAM CONTRIBUTION .—Recipients of awards under this section shall not be required to provide a matching contribution. ‘‘(g) G
LOBAL MARKETPLACE PROJECTS .—In making an award under this section, the Direc-tor, in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board and the Secretary, may take into consid-eration whether an application has significant potential for enhancing the competitiveness of small and medium-sized United States manufac-turers in the global marketplace. ‘‘(h) D
URATION .—The duration of an award under this section shall be for not more than 3 years. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—The terms used in this sec-tion have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 25 (15 U.S.C. 278k).’’. (c) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States, in consulta-tion with the MEP Advisory Board (as defined in section 25 of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k), shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report analyzing— (1) the effectiveness of the changes in the cost share to Centers under section 25 of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k); (2) the engagement in services and the charac-teristics of services provided by 2 types of Cen-ters, including volume and type of service; and (3) whether the cost-sharing ratio has any ef-fect on the services provided by either type of Center. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2199(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘regional center’’ and insert-ing ‘‘manufacturing extension center’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘and best business practices’’ before ‘‘referred’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘25(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘25(b)’’. (2) E
NTERPRISE INTEGRATION INITIATIVE .—Sec- tion 3(a) of the Enterprise Integration Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 278g-5(a)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘Hollings’’ before ‘‘Manufacturing Exten-sion Partnership’’. (3) A
SSISTANCE TO STATE TECHNOLOGY PRO -
GRAMS .—Section 26(a) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278l(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Centers pro-gram created’’ and inserting ‘‘Hollings Manu-facturing Extension Partnership’’. (e) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—Notwithstanding the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) of this section, the Secretary of Commerce may carry out section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, with respect to existing grants, agreements, cooperative agreements, or contracts, and with respect to applications for such items that are received by the Secretary prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 502. FEDERAL LOAN GUARANTEES FOR IN-NOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES IN MANU-FACTURING. 
Section 26(o) of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3721(o)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘To the maximum’’ and indenting appro-priately; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO CAPITAL .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Small Business Adminis-tration and the National Institute of Standards and Technology, shall identify any gaps in the access of small- or medium-sized manufacturers to capital for the use or production of innova-tive technologies that the program could fill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7165 December 9, 2016 
and develop marketing materials and conduct outreach to target those gaps.’’. 
SEC. 503. MANUFACTURING COMMUNITIES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Made in America Manufacturing Com-munities Act of 2016’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
ANUFACTURING COMMUNITY SUPPORT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘Manufacturing Community Support Program’’ means the program estab-lished under subsection (c). (2) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘par-ticipating agency’’ means a Federal agency that elects to participate in the Manufacturing Com-munity Support Program. (3) P
ARTICIPATING PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘par-ticipating program’’ means a program identified by a participating agency under subsection (d)(1)(C). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (c) P
ROGRAM TO DESIGNATE AND SUPPORT  M
ANUFACTURING COMMUNITIES .—The Secretary shall establish a program to improve the com-petitiveness of United States manufacturing by— (1) designating consortiums as manufacturing communities under subsection (e); and (2) supporting manufacturing communities, as so designated, under subsection (d). (d) S
UPPORT FOR DESIGNATED MANUFAC -
TURING COMMUNITIES .— (1) P
REFERENTIAL CONSIDERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (D), if a member of a consortium des-ignated as a manufacturing community under subsection (e) seeks financial or technical assist-ance under a participating program of a partici-pating agency, the head of such agency may give preferential consideration to such member with respect to the awarding of such financial or technical assistance if— (i) such head considers the award of the fi-nancial or technical assistance consistent with the economic development strategy of the con-sortium; and (ii) the member otherwise meets all applicable requirements for the financial or technical as-sistance. (B) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCIES .—The Secretary shall invite other Federal agencies to become participating agencies of the Manufacturing Community Support Program. (C) P
ARTICIPATING PROGRAMS .—The head of each participating agency shall identify all pro-grams administered by such participating agen-cy that are applicable to the Manufacturing Community Support Program. (D) M
ULTIPLE MEMBERS OF THE SAME CONSOR -
TIUM SEEKING THE SAME FINANCIAL OR TECH -
NICAL ASSISTANCE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If a participating agency re-ceives applications for the same financial or technical assistance from more than 1 member of the same consortium designated as a manufac-turing community under subsection (e), the head of such agency may determine how pref-erence will be given under subparagraph (A), including by requiring the consortium to select which of the members should be given pref-erence. (ii) C
OORDINATION .—If the head of a partici-pating agency determines that more than 1 member of a consortium should be given pref-erence under subparagraph (A) for financial or technical assistance, he or she may require such members to demonstrate coordination with each other in developing their applications for the fi-nancial or technical assistance. (E) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each participating agency shall submit a report to the Secretary that specifies how the head will give preferential consideration under subpara-graph (A). (2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may make a Federal point of contact available to each consortium designated as a manufac-turing community under subsection (e) to help the members of the consortium access Federal funds and technical assistance. (3) FINANCIAL AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Under the Manufacturing Community Support Program, the head of a par-ticipating agency may award financial or tech-nical assistance to a member of a consortium designated as a manufacturing community under subsection (e) as he or she considers ap-propriate for purposes of such program and con-sistent with the economic development strategy of the consortium. (B) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—A recipient of financial or technical assistance under subparagraph (A) may use such financial or technical assistance to support an investment in an ecosystem that will improve the competitiveness of United States manufacturing. (ii) I
NVESTMENTS SUPPORTED .—Investments supported under this subparagraph may in-clude— (I) infrastructure; (II) access to capital; (III) promotion of exports and foreign direct investment; (IV) equipment or facility upgrades; (V) workforce training or retraining; (VI) energy or process efficiency; (VII) business incubators; (VIII) site preparation; (IX) advanced research; (X) supply chain development; and (XI) small business assistance. (4) C
OORDINATION .— (A) C
OORDINATION BY SECRETARY OF COM -
MERCE .—The Secretary shall coordinate with the heads of the participating agencies to iden-tify programs under paragraph (1)(C)(i). (B) I
NTER-AGENCY COORDINATION .—The heads of the participating agencies shall coordinate with each other— (i) to leverage complementary activities, in-cluding from non-Federal sources, such as phi-lanthropies; and (ii) to avoid duplication of efforts. (e) D
ESIGNATION OF MANUFACTURING COMMU -
NITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (7), for purposes of the Manufacturing Community Support Program, the Secretary shall designate eligible consortiums (as described in paragraph (2)) as manufacturing commu-nities through a competitive process. (2) E
LIGIBLE CONSORTIUMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible consortium is a consortium that— (i) represents a region defined by the consor-tium in accordance with subparagraph (B); (ii) includes at least 1— (I) institution of higher education; (II) a private sector entity; and (III) a government entity; (iii) may include 1 or more— (I) private sector partners; (II) institutions of higher education; (III) government entities; (IV) economic development and other commu-nity and labor groups; (V) financial institutions; or (VI) utilities; (iv) has, as a lead applicant— (I) a district organization (as defined in sec-tion 300.3 of title 13, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or successor regulation); (II) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)) or a consortium of Indian tribes; (III) a State or a political subdivision of a State, including a special purpose unit of a State or local government engaged in economic or infrastructure development activities, or a consortium of political subdivisions; (IV) an institution of higher education or a consortium of institutions of higher education; or (V) a public or private nonprofit organization or association that has an application that is supported by a State, a political subdivision of a State, or a native community. (B) REGIONS .—Subject to approval by the Sec-retary, a consortium may define the region that it represents if the region— (i) is large enough to contain critical elements of the key technologies or supply chain prioritized by the consortium; and (ii) is small enough to enable close collabora-tion among members of the consortium. (3) D
URATION .—Each designation under para-graph (1) shall be for a period of 2 years. (4) R
ENEWAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receipt of an applica-tion submitted under subparagraph (B), the Sec-retary may renew a designation made under paragraph (1) for up to 2 additional 2-year peri-ods. Any designation as a manufacturing com-munity or renewal of such designation that is in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act shall count toward the limit set forth in this subparagraph. (B) A
PPLICATION FOR RENEWAL .—An eligible consortium seeking a renewal under subpara-graph (A) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. (C) M
ODIFICATIONS AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary may renew a designation under subpara-graph (A) for an eligible consortium that— (i) has changed its composition, either by add-ing or removing members; or (ii) as part of its application under subpara-graph (B), submits a revision to the plan sub-mitted under paragraph (5)(B)(iv) or the strat-egy submitted under paragraph (5)(B)(v). (D) E
VALUATION FOR RENEWAL .—In deter- mining whether to renew a designation of an el-igible consortium under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall assess the eligible consortium based upon— (i) the performance of the consortium against the terms of the consortium’s most recent des-ignation under paragraph (1) and any post-des-ignation awards the consortium may have re-ceived; (ii) the progress the consortium has made with respect to project-specific metrics the consortium proposed in the consortium’s application for the most recent designation under paragraph (1), particularly with respect to those metrics that were designed to help communities track their own progress; (iii) whether any changes to the composition of the eligible consortium or revisions to the plan or strategy described in subparagraph (C)(ii) would improve the competitiveness of United States manufacturing; and (iv) such other criteria as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (5) A
PPLICATION FOR DESIGNATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible consortium seek-ing a designation under paragraph (1) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. (B) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted to the Secretary under subparagraph (A) include— (i) a description of the regional boundaries of the consortium; (ii) a description of the manufacturing con-centration of the consortium, including an as-sessment of how the manufacturing concentra-tion of the consortium competitively ranks na-tionally according to measures relating to em-ployment, sales, location quotients for an indus-try’s level of concentration, or such other meas-ures as the Secretary considers appropriate; (iii) an integrated assessment of the local in-dustrial ecosystem of the region of the consor-tium, which may include assessment of work-force and training, supplier network, research and innovation, infrastructure or site develop-ment, trade and international investment, oper-ational improvements, and capital access compo-nents needed for manufacturing activities in such region; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7166 December 9, 2016 
(iv) an evidence-based plan for developing components of such ecosystem (selected by the consortium) by making— (I) specific investments to address gaps in such ecosystem; and (II) the manufacturing of the region of the consortium uniquely competitive; (v) a description of the investments the con-sortium proposes and the implementation strat-egy the consortium intends to use to address gaps in such ecosystem; (vi) a description of the outcome-based metrics, benchmarks, and milestones that the consortium will track and the evaluation meth-ods the consortium will use while designated as a manufacturing community to gauge perform-ance of the strategy of the consortium to im-prove the manufacturing in the region of the consortium; and (vii) such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (6) E
VALUATION OF APPLICATIONS .—The Sec- retary shall evaluate each application received under paragraph (5) to determine— (A) whether the applicant demonstrates a sig-nificant level of regional cooperation in their proposal; and (B) how the manufacturing concentration of the applicant competitively ranks nationally ac-cording to measures described in paragraph (5)(B)(ii). (7) C
ERTAIN COMMUNITIES PREVIOUSLY RECOG -
NIZED .—Each consortium that was designated as a manufacturing community by the Secretary in carrying out the Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership initiative of the De-partment of Commerce before the date of the en-actment of this Act shall be deemed a manufac-turing community designated under this sub-section if such consortium is still designated as a manufacturing community by the Secretary as part of such initiative. (f) R
ECEIPT OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—The Secretary may accept amounts transferred to the Secretary from the head of another partici-pating agency to carry out this section. TITLE VI—INNOVATION, COMMERCIALIZA-TION, AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
SEC. 601. INNOVATION CORPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The National Science Foundation Innova-tion Corps (referred to in this section as the ‘‘I- Corps’’) was established to foster a national in-novation ecosystem by encouraging institutions, scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs to iden-tify and explore the innovation and commercial potential of National Science Foundation-fund-ed research well beyond the laboratory. (2) Through I-Corps, the Foundation invests in entrepreneurship and commercialization edu-cation, training, and mentoring that can ulti-mately lead to the practical deployment of tech-nologies, products, processes, and services that improve the Nation’s competitiveness, promote economic growth, and benefit society. (3) By building networks of entrepreneurs, educators, mentors, institutions, and collabora-tions, and supporting specialized education and training, I-Corps is at the leading edge of a strong, lasting foundation for an American in-novation ecosystem. (4) By translating federally funded research to a commercial stage more quickly and effi-ciently, programs like the I-Corps create new jobs and companies, help solve societal prob-lems, and provide taxpayers with a greater re-turn on their investment in research. (5) The I-Corps program model has a strong record of success that should be replicated at all Federal science agencies. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) commercialization of federally-funded re-search can improve the Nation’s competitive-ness, grow the economy, and benefit society; (2) I-Corps is a useful tool in promoting the commercialization of federally-funded research by training researchers funded by the Founda-tion in entrepreneurship and commercialization; (3) I-Corps should continue to build a network of entrepreneurs, educators, mentors, and insti-tutions and support specialized education and training; and (4) researchers other than those funded by the Foundation may also benefit from the education and training described in paragraph (3). (c) I-CORPS PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to promote a strong, lasting foundation for the national innovation ecosystem and increase the positive economic and social impact of federally-funded research, the Director of the Foundation shall set forth eligibility requirements and carry out a program to award grants for entrepreneurship and com-mercialization education, training, and men-toring. (2) E
XPANSION OF I -CORPS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director— (i) shall encourage the development and ex-pansion of I-Corps and other training programs that focus on professional development, includ-ing education in entrepreneurship and commer-cialization; and (ii) may establish an agreement with another Federal science agency— (I) to make researchers, students, and institu-tions funded by that agency eligible to partici-pate in the I-Corps program; or (II) to assist that agency with the design and implementation of its own program that is simi-lar to the I-Corps program. (B) P
ARTNERSHIP FUNDING .—In negotiating an agreement with another Federal science agency under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Director shall require that Federal science agency to provide funding for— (i) the training for researchers, students, and institutions selected for the I-Corps program; and (ii) the locations that Federal science agency designates as regional and national infrastruc-ture for science and engineering entrepreneur-ship. (3) F
OLLOW -ON COMMERCIALIZATION GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Director, in consultation with the Di-rector of the Small Business Innovation Re-search Program, shall make funds available for competitive grants, including to I-Corps partici-pants, to help support— (i) prototype or proof-of-concept development; and (ii) such activities as the Director considers necessary to build local, regional, and national infrastructure for science and engineering entre-preneurship. (B) L
IMITATION .—Grants under subparagraph (A) shall be limited to participants with innova-tions that because of the early stage of develop-ment are not eligible to participate in a Small Business Innovation Research Program or a Small Business Technology Transfer Program. (4) S
TATE AND LOCAL PARTNERSHIPS .—The Di- rector may engage in partnerships with State and local governments, economic development organizations, and nonprofit organizations to provide access to the I-Corps program to support entrepreneurship and commercialization edu-cation and training for researchers, students, and institutions under this subsection. (5) R
EPORTS .—The Director shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a biennial report on I-Corps program efficacy, including metrics on the effectiveness of the program. Each Federal science agency participating in the I-Corps program or that implements a simi-lar program under paragraph (2)(A) shall con-tribute to the report. (6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘Small Business Innovation Research Program’’ and ‘‘Small Business Technology Transfer Pro-gram’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638). 
SEC. 602. TRANSLATIONAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) commercialization of federally-funded re-search may benefit society and the economy; and (2) not-for-profit organizations support the commercialization of federally-funded research by providing useful business and technical ex-pertise to researchers. (b) COMMERCIALIZATION GRANTS PROGRAM .— The Director of the Foundation shall continue to award grants on a competitive, merit-re-viewed basis to eligible entities to promote the commercialization of federally-funded research results. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Activities supported by grants under this section may include— (1) identifying Foundation-sponsored research and technologies that have the potential for ac-celerated commercialization; (2) supporting prior or current Foundation- sponsored investigators in undertaking proof-of- concept work, including development of proto-types of technologies that are derived from Foundation-sponsored research and have poten-tial market value; (3) promoting sustainable partnerships be-tween Foundation-funded institutions, indus-try, and other organizations within academia and the private sector with the purpose of accel-erating the transfer of technology; (4) developing multi-disciplinary innovation ecosystems which involve and are responsive to specific needs of academia and industry; (5) funding the establishment of proof-of-con-cept and prototype development in partnership with academia to advance technologies; and (6) providing professional development, men-toring, and advice in entrepreneurship, project management, and technology and business de-velopment to innovators. (d) E
LIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The following organizations may be eligible for grants under this section: (A) Institutions of higher education. (B) Public or nonprofit technology transfer organizations. (C) A nonprofit organization that partners with an institution of higher education. (D) A consortia of 2 or more of the organiza-tions described under subparagraphs (A) through (C). (2) L
EAD ORGANIZATIONS .—Any eligible orga-nization under paragraph (1) may apply as a lead organization. (e) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity seeking a grant under this section shall submit an appli-cation to the Director at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Director may require. 
SEC. 603. OPTICS AND PHOTONICS TECHNOLOGY INNOVATIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The 1998 National Research Council Re-port, ‘‘Harnessing Light’’ presented a com-prehensive overview on the importance of optics and photonics to various sectors of the United States economy. (2) In 2012, in response to increased coordina-tion and investment by other nations, the Na-tional Research Council released a follow up study recommending a national photonics ini-tiative to increase collaboration and coordina-tion among United States industry, Federal and State government, and academia to identify and further advance areas of photonics critical to re-gaining United States competitiveness and maintaining national security. (3) Publicly-traded companies focused on op-tics and photonics in the United States enable more than $3 trillion in revenue annually. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) optics and photonics research and tech-nologies promote United States global competi-tiveness in industry sectors, including tele-communications and information technology, energy, healthcare and medicine, manufac-turing, and defense; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7167 December 9, 2016 
(2) Federal science agencies, industry, and academia should seek partnerships with each other to develop basic research in optics and photonics into more mature technologies and ca-pabilities; and (3) each Federal science agency, as appro-priate, should— (A) survey and identify optics and photonics- related programs within that Federal science agency and share results with other Federal science agencies for the purpose of generating multiple applications and uses; (B) partner with the private sector and aca-demia to leverage knowledge and resources to maximize opportunities for innovation in optics and photonics; (C) explore research and development oppor-tunities, including Federal and private sector- sponsored internships, to ensure a highly trained optics and photonics workforce in the United States; (D) encourage partnerships between academia and industry to promote improvement in the education of optics and photonics technicians at the secondary school level, undergraduate level, and 2-year college level, including through the Foundation’s Advanced Technological Edu-cation program; and (E) assess existing programs and explore alter-natives to modernize photonics laboratory equipment in undergraduate institutions in the United States to facilitate critical hands-on learning. 
SEC. 604. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE REGIONAL INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
Section 27(g)(2) of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722(g)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION LEVELS .—From amounts appropriated for economic development assist-ance programs, the Secretary may use $30,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2017 and 2018 for grants under this section.’’. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn, the Gardner substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. The amendment (No. 5186) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 3084), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE OPER-ATIONS AUTHORIZATION AND EMBASSY SECURITY ACT, FIS-CAL YEAR 2016 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the message from the House to accom-pany S. 1635. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 1635) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the De-partment of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with an amend-ment. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment, and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE CENTENNIAL ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4680, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4680) to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and pro-tecting the natural, historic, and cultural re-sources of our National Parks for the enjoy-ment of present and future generations, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4680) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences, or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR PRINTING Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that any tributes submitted by December 20, 2016, as au-thorized by the order of December 10, 2016, be printed in the January 3, 2017, C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, DECEM-BER 13, 2016, THROUGH TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 2017 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Tuesday, December 13, at 8:30 a.m.; Friday, De-cember 16, at 10 a.m.; Tuesday, Decem-ber 20, at 9:30 a.m.; Friday, December 23, at 11:30 a.m.; Tuesday, December 27, at 4:30 p.m.; Friday, December 30, at 10 a.m.; Tuesday, January 3, at 11:55 a.m. f 
PROGRAM Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, for the information of all Senators, when the Senate adjourns on Tuesday, Janu-ary 3, 2017, it will next convene at 12 noon on January 3 pursuant to the Constitution. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2016, AT 8:30 A.M. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the provisions of S. Res. 640, as a further mark of respect to the late John Glenn, former Senator from the State of Ohio. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:39 a.m., adjourned until Tuesday, December 13, 2016, at 8:30 a.m. 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATIONS The Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from further consider-ation of the following nominations unanimous consent and the nomina-tions were confirmed: 
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CAPT. MELVIN W. BOUBOULIS AND ENDING WITH CAPT. MI-CHAEL P. RYAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016 . COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STE-PHEN J. ALBERT AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW W. ZINN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEN-NIFER L. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH PETER J. ZAUNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DARYL P. SCHAFFER AND ENDING WITH LISA H. SCHULZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID C. CLIPPINGER AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW B. WIL-LIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK E. AMES AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW D. WADLEIGH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN F. BARRESI AND ENDING WITH MARK B. WALSH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate December 9, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
ADRI DAVIN JAYARATNE, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF LABOR. 
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
JAY NEAL LERNER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE INSPECTOR GENERAL, FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORA-TION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.167 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7168 December 9, 2016 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
ANDREW MAYOCK, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE DEPUTY DIREC-TOR FOR MANAGEMENT, OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) WILLIAM J. GALINIS 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
PEGGY E. GUSTAFSON, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE. 
STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
JOHN D. MINTON, JR., OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2019. 
POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
MARK D. ACTON, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A COMMIS-SIONER OF THE POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 14, 2022. ROBERT G. TAUB, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A COMMIS-SIONER OF THE POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 14, 2022. DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KAMALA SHIRIN LAKHDHIR, OF CONNECTICUT, A CA-REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO MALAYSIA. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
ANN BEGEMAN, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2020. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MELVIN W. BOUBOULIS CAPT. DONNA L. COTTRELL CAPT. MICHAEL J. JOHNSTON CAPT. ERIC C. JONES CAPT. MICHAEL P. RYAN COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STE-PHEN J. ALBERT AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW W. ZINN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEN-NIFER L. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH PETER J. ZAUNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DARYL P. SCHAFFER AND ENDING WITH LISA H. SCHULZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID C. CLIPPINGER AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW B. WIL-LIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK E. AMES AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW D. WADLEIGH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN F. BARRESI AND ENDING WITH MARK B. WALSH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.026 S09DEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1665 December 9, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO DANNIE STEPHENS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Dannie Stephens of Creston, Iowa, for his induction into the Creston High School Hall of Fame. Dannie attended Creston High School in the late 1960s and was a varsity letterman, quali-fying for the state wrestling tournament in 1968. Dannie began his teaching career in 1974, and in 1980 he returned to Creston to teach and coach wrestling. Dannie has had a lasting impact on his students both in the classroom and in the gym, challenging and encouraging students to do their best and dream big. He is recognized throughout the community as a teacher who was, and con-tinues to be, committed to making a difference in each of his students’ lives. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent Dannie in the United States Congress and to have the opportunity to recognize him today. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Dannie for his achievements and in wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FAIRFAX COUN-TY REDEVELOPMENT AND HOUS-ING AUTHORITY ON ITS 50TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Fairfax County Redevelop-ment and Housing Authority (FCRHA) on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. Since 1966 the FCRHA has served the resi-dents of Fairfax County by working to ensure that affordable housing is available to all who qualify. While this is admittedly a tall order and has only become more difficult over time, the FCRHA and the County’s Department of Housing and Community Development have worked tirelessly to accomplish this laudable goal. In addition to their efforts to preserve and increase availability of affordable and workforce housing, the FCRHA and the HCD also oversee the community revitalization plans adopted by Fairfax County. As a former member and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, I can at-test firsthand to the importance of the work carried out by both of these organizations. During my time as Chairman of the Board, I was proud to work with the FCRHA to pre-serve over 1,000 affordable housing units in Fairfax County. Despite the economic pros-perity we have experienced in Fairfax, we can-not allow this to obscure the very real fact that there are thousands in our community who still struggle to put a roof over their heads. Fortu-nately, that same prosperity has enabled the County to help ensure that all of its residents have access to safe and affordable housing. Since its founding, the FCRHA has grown from owning less than 250 affordable housing units in 1972 to over 3,000 units in 2016. In addition, FCRHA administers more than 3,500 Housing Choice Vouchers, serving nearly 20,000 Fairfax County residents and has pro-vided in excess of $500 million in bonds for both for-profit and non-profit housing devel-opers. Its efforts have not gone unnoticed. In 2012, the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment designated the FCRHA as a ‘‘Moving- to-Work’’ agency in recognition of its efforts in the field of affordable housing. This is due in no small part to the leadership of its Chair-man, Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Schwaninger. I commend him for that leadership and congratulate him on the success of FCRHA. Mr. Speaker, Fairfax County remains one of the best places in the country in which to live, work and raise a family. It has retained that distinction due in large part to the high quality of life enjoyed by all of its residents. What has always struck me about this community, and what I have always considered a key metric of civic health, is the degree to which this com-munity gives back to those who are less fortu-nate. The commitment and effort to end home-lessness and provide affordable and workforce housing options is just one examples of the generous spirit of Fairfax County, its employ-ees, volunteers, and residents. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking the FCRHA for its important work, in congratu-lating it on its 50th anniversary, and in wishing the organization great success in all future en-deavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. JAMES R . MASCIANTONIO , JR.—INDIAN SHORES , 
FLORIDA  James R. Masciantonio, Jr. (Jim) was born November 27, 1984. He was beautiful inside and out and a true gentleman. Jim was kind, loving, intelligent, and could always make me laugh with his witty sense of humor and contagious laughter. Jim was first put in ice skates at the age of three, and he went on to play ice hockey all through high school. Jim excelled at ev-erything he tried. He had an unbelievable ability to totally recall life events, movie quotes, and sport statistics—he was a walk-ing encyclopedia. Jim also had a true gift of writing narratives and an imagination to write creatively. He was later given the op-portunity to conduct interviews for the cagejunkies.com, which reports on MMA and UFC News; this job was a true highlight in Jim’s life. Unfortunately, Jim had the dreadful dis-ease of addiction, coupled with bipolar dis-order. Jim first started using marijuana at the age of 11 and graduated to heroin by 17. He finally found recovery in 2009, at the age of 26, and was dedicated to the program. Soon after, Jim fell in love and fathered a child in May of 2010. He was a proud, dedi-cated, wonderful, and loving father—filled with goals and dreams for his son. In February 2011, Jim needed to have sur-gery. In the following months, Jim’s recov-ery slowly became no longer a priority, due to dealing with stresses caused by pain from his surgery, demands of work, and family life. By December 2011, his girlfriend re-quested for him to leave their home—sepa-rating Jim from his son. From that day Jim was heartbroken, defeated, and lost, as he struggled to get back on the path to recov-ery. There were countless hurdles and obsta-cles he had to overcome and, like the warrior he was, he tried his hardest. The system failed Jim repeatedly. From the time he was 18, Jim was in over 35 treat-ment centers. The Florida County Drug Court, created to give my son an opportunity for recovery, ended up making his life worse. On February 24, 2015, Jim suffered his first overdose on heroin. The paramedics worked on him for an hour, finally taking him to a Florida hospital that allowed him to leave against medical advice (AMA) after an hour of being there. His family was never con-tacted or told about this incident. Three days later, on February 27th, Jim was found alone in a motel after injecting heroin but this time the heroin was laced with fentanyl. Jim was clean and sober for six months prior to these incidents. 
MILES ANTHONY MCENTEE —AUSTIN , TEXAS  Miles was everything a parent could ask for in a son. He was sensitive and caring. He loved animals and they loved him. He en-joyed music and fishing; particularly ice fishing with his dad and stepmom. He was a passionate skateboarder and was very good at it. Miles was close to his cousins and younger sister, Taylor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.096 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1666 December 9, 2016 
While in high school, Miles experienced se-rious pain, which stemmed from breaking the scaphoid bone in his wrist. He celebrated his 21st birthday in a hospital bed, recov-ering from surgery. Even after three surgical procedures, Miles still had considerable pain and very limited range of motion in his wrist. Miles started a ‘‘Go Fund Me’’ cam-paign to raise money for physical therapy and to hopefully see another doctor but it never happened; he was all out of money. Miles then discovered a cheap alternative for his pain relief, black tar heroin, and soon the pain didn’t matter anymore. Things got out of hand very quickly. Miles lost jobs, wrecked his car and moved into the dining room of his mother’s one bedroom apart-ment. His mother knew that as long as he was under her roof, she knew he was safe. His mother spent countless sleepless nights wor-rying about him riding his bike or skateboarding home from work in the middle of the night. As she looks back over the year or so he lived with her, things were mostly wonder-ful. We were very close. We had a similar sense of humor and shared many laughs. He was my best friend and always did his best to make sure his mama was okay. He made sure I had food everyday. Many nights, Miles would bring home pizza on the bus after his shift working at a pizza parlor: We would talk, eat and laugh. We loved watching storms together—Miles dreamed of being a meteorologist, something he was never able to become due to his addiction. In a very short time Miles became ad-dicted. He told his mother he wanted to stop using because of the challenges that came with it and many of his friends were dying. They did not have the money to get him into treatment. After a while, things seemed to be getting better for Miles. He moved into an apart-ment with his sister. She was not aware he was using heroin. On the morning of June 2, 2015, Miles’ sister woke up and found Miles in his room. He was already gone. Just 18 days before his 25th birthday. 
LAWRENCE (LARRY) MCNEILL —NEW YORK , NEW 
YORK  Larry McNeill was amazing, charming, funny, popular and a extremely talented drummer. Larry was very close with his twin sister. They planned out their lives together. When they were very little and said their prayers at night, they used to ask God if they could ‘‘go to heaven at the same time’’ because they couldn’t stand the thought of either one of them having to live without the other. Larry’s sister received a phone call the night Larry overdosed and was told that he wasn’t going to make it. When Larry died, a big part of her died with him. All of their hopes, their dreams; she had lost her best friend. Larry struggled with drugs for many years but it was their family secret. They had nowhere to go to for help and didn’t know what to do. They lived in fear—know-ing that Larry was going to die and there wasn’t anything they could do about it. Larry had a son, (he was one year old when Larry died) who was then adopted and raised by his sister. At the age of fourteen, his son started smoking weed and couldn’t stop. Larry’s sister wasn’t going to let this happen again. She was able to get help and he went into a residential treatment program. Today he is clean and sober and Larry’s sister is proud of him. Because of everything that the Popper family had been through, Larry’s sister shares his story with as many families as possible—they need to know that they are not alone in this. Families need to know that they can get help for their loved ones who are struggling with this disease. Larry’s sister works in advertising and has created anti-drug commercials for ONDCP and The Partnership for Drug Free Kids. She has also been a Parent Coach for the Partnership, helping families that call their hotline. She wants to do whatever she can to ensure that no family goes through what her family did. BRIAN MENDELL —NEW YORK , NEW YORK  Brian was a loving child, full of smiles and light. Like so many children, as he entered his teenage years, Brian tried marijuana. And like far too many, this led to experimen-tation with drugs to which he became ad-dicted. For almost ten years, Brian battled the disease of addiction and struggled through its cycle of shame, isolation and failure. During that same time, Brian’s fa-ther and family were also fighting to navi-gate the complex and confusing web of treat-ment programs and therapies. If you know someone who has struggled with addiction, you know all too well the pain and anguish of watching a loved one in the clutches of this disease. Through it all, Brian remained loving and compassionate, and expressed that no one should have to suffer through this dev-astating disease. During a visit home in the summer of 2011, Brian and his father were sitting on the back porch one night when Brian spoke about the stigma of addiction and the shame he felt: Dad, 300 years ago they burned women on stakes in Salem, Massachusetts because they thought they were witches. Later they learned they weren’t and stopped. Someday, people will realize that I have a disease and that I am trying my hardest. This turned out to be Brian’s last visit home. Four months later, in the middle of the night on October 20, 2011, Brian’s father got the call that is every parent’s worst nightmare. Brian was dead. Brian’s passing was, and continues to be, excruciatingly painful for his father. Perhaps just as tragic is the fact that it was not just the physical addiction that claimed Brian’s life, but also the shame that Brian felt every morning when he opened his eyes and felt the weight of this disease. That same shame led Brian to wake up that morning in Octo-ber, research suicide notes online, light a candle and take his own life. He died alone. Brian died of a disease that afflicts more than 22 million Americans every day, as well as tens of millions of family members that love them. That’s one quarter of American families. Over 370 people die every day from addiction related causes, shattering count-less lives. Like Brian, the majority of those with substance abuse disorder (nearly 8 out of 10) develop this disease before they turn 18 while their brains are still developing. We, as a society, are not protecting our children when they are most vulnerable to becoming addicted and unable to protect themselves. Evidence-based methodologies exist that could have saved Brian and countless others like him, but they are not being imple-mented in our communities and schools. Addiction should be treated like the chron-ic disease it is. Communities should be offer-ing evidence-based and tangible resources for prevention, treatment and recovery. As a so-ciety, we need to foster tolerance and com-passion, and dismantle the discrimination and judgment associated with this dev-astating disease. 
ZACHARY (ZACH) MORGAN —PHOENIX , ARIZONA  Zachary (Zach) Morgan struggled with drug addiction, went through rehabilitation, relapsed after a period of sobriety, continued to battle his addiction, and ultimately lost his life in a drug-related shooting in 2009. He is more than just one of the 129 people who are losing their lives to this epidemic. Zach was the oldest of three siblings. He always seemed to be saving or hugging just about everyone. Zach took his ‘‘cool older brother’’ persona into high school too. He was a member of the National Honor Soci-ety, active in youth group, a community vol-unteer, and a lifeguard. He swam and played football, basketball and golf. Zach was some-one people felt they could talk to because he was understanding and compassionate. He al-ways had a big grin, an open mind and the best hugs. In high school, Zach became friends with a group of kids who he thought would relieve him of the ‘‘good kid’’ labels. At 15, this group of friends introduced Zach to mari-juana. Despite our open household and the ease of conversation within our family, Zach began to use marijuana more frequently, which led him to become closed off and se-cretive. After Zach was arrested for drug possession at the age of 16, his parents de-cided to place him into rehabilitation at 17 and moved him to a different high school. This transition was difficult for the entire family. At home, Zach found himself in a new family dynamic and at school, he had new friends, new classes, and new dress codes. As Zach’s addiction hung over his family, they decided it would be best to move to Ari-zona for a fresh start. Around the time of the big move, Zach began to spend time with the same group of friends that had gotten him into trouble in the first place. He started using drugs again, and his drug use followed to Arizona. After a combination of several police vis-its, calls from the high school and strange visitors—my brother left our home and dropped out of high school before graduation. He moved to Flagstaff, which is well-known in Arizona for its drug scene. On December 23, 2009, Zach was shot and killed by a fellow heroin user. His entire family was shattered and in the midst of their grief, they had to go through the grueling process of a trial against Zach’s murderer. Zach was only 21 years old. ADAM J . NOLAN —CHARDON , OHIO Adam J. Nolan, whom was raised by his grandmother, Carole, passed away on No-vember 17, 2012, from a heroin overdose. Adam would have been 20 years old the fol-lowing month. Adam was a very talented musician and artist. He could make friends with anyone and was very well liked among his peers. Adam was an absolute joy to be around when he was not using heroin. Adam had been in treatment many times and participated in various Intensive Out-patient Programs (IOPs); he received just about every kind of treatment that was available at the time. After being out of jail for almost three weeks, Adam tried hard not to respond to the calling of the drug but, in the end, it was too much for him to resist. On November 17th, Carole received a call from the local hospital saying that Adam had been taken there. When she arrived at the hospital, Carole found out that Adam was already dead; he died in another heroin user’s house after falling asleep in a chair. The day Adam died he had come home for a shower and Carole took him back to the house he was staying at. Before she dropped him off, Adam told her he wished he could go around to schools and tell kids: ‘‘Do not take heroin, not even one time; as it is the worst thing in the world. It hooks you in even the first time.’’ When Carole dropped him off, she told Adam that she loved him; two hours later Adam was gone. He never got the op-portunity to tell his story, but maybe his death can be used to stop someone who is thinking of trying heroin for the first time. Adam was very much loved and is greatly missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.098 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1667 December 9, 2016 
CORA MARIE O ’LEARY —PAWTUCKET , RHODE  
ISLAND  Cora Marie O’Leary was born on October 5, 1994. She was her parents second child and first daughter. Growing up, Cora was so fun. She was spunky and never wanted to be like the ‘‘in’’ crowd; she danced to her own beat. We knew early on she would be special. Cora learned the love of reading, along with her brother, as I read to them every night before bed. Her love of reading became something very special between her and I. One of my fa-vorite memories is when we went to one of Jodi Picoult’s readings, met her, and got her autograph. Cora would barely study or do homework, yet still aced tests and classes. Cora was 16 the first time she tried heroin. Cora started to seclude herself from every-one and everything, well before she even dropped out of school. She then attempted suicide in her high school’s gym locker room with her best friend. From that point on, the bullying started. People made fun of her for trying to take her life and as a result she started to self harm, and cut herself. This led to more bullying. When she was younger, Cora was a cheerleader and a dancer. Cora quit dance when she was young because she wanted to spend more time with friends. Cora eventually went to an all star gym for maybe a week, only to quit when she felt se-cluded because she ‘‘wore too much eyeliner’’ and was ‘‘too goth’’. Cora left Rhode Island to enter a treat-ment center in Florida and moving in with her grandparents afterward. Cora later moved back to Rhode Island and moved in with a new boyfriend; one who tried every-thing he could to help keep her sober and off of heroin. Cora found a way out to get the drugs while her boyfriend was at work, causing fights with her boyfriend, who was trying to help her. Cora then moved in with her aunt and got a job—only to use when she got her first paycheck. She had been back Rhode Is-land for only 52 days. On the night of Friday, August 5, 2016, Cora was to go out with her friend. As the friend sat in the driveway waiting for Cora, she called me in a panic be-cause Cora wouldn’t answer the door or her phone and everything was locked to the house. Everyone was afraid to call 911, be-cause if Cora wasn’t using again she would be mad that we didn’t trust her. Cora was found by her cousin in the up-stairs bathroom of her aunt’s house. The safest place she could possibly be. He called 911. Even Narcan didn’t work this time as it had eight times before. She became one of the 129 on August 5, 2016. Our lives are for-ever changed. 
KENT EDWARDS —PHOENIX , ARIZONA  Kent Edwards, 18 years old, died of an acci-dental prescription drug overdose in 2003. One night during his sophomore year of high school, Kent called his mother to say that he was out with some friends and wasn’t coming home that night. He was calling because he didn’t want to worry his mother, but when they hung up she knew something was wrong. Kent’s mother waited for him when he came home at 6:00 a.m. Life changed for the Kent’s family that morning. Kent went to the doctor and tested positive for substances. His family restricted and monitored Kent’s activities. They made a lot of changes that next year and Kent ad-justed fairly well. He transferred schools and graduated with ease. Kent got a job he loved and spent time with his friends and family. His family thought they had dodged the bul-let—Kent didn’t want to be addicted to drugs so they mistakenly thought they were in the clear. It seemed that all was well, but Kent’s family didn’t know any better. Before Kent turned 18, he was scheduled to have his wisdom teeth removed. His mother filled the prescription before his surgery. As she was looking at the bottles, she noticed that one of them had fewer pills in it than the other. When she confronted Kent about it he admitted to having taken some. She asked Kent why and his answer was chilling. He asked his mother to think about a time in her life when she had felt ‘‘Great’’—‘‘The Best.’’ When she nodded Kent said, ‘‘The first time you get high, it’s better than that. It feels so good that you want to feel that way again—only it’s physically, chemically impossible.’’ He explained how the drugs alter your brain chemistry and why people take more and increase their fre-quency of use in an attempt to get back to the feeling of that first high. On a Monday in September, 2003, there was a knock on the Kent’s family’s door and soon they heard the words: ‘‘Your son has died.’’ Kent and two other kids crushed some Oxycontin and washed them down with beer. Kent got sleepy and the other two left. As Kent slept, the drug slowed his respiratory system down until it stopped completely. His roommate found him the next day—already gone. DYLAN BRADLEY PEARSON —SAINT FRANCIS , 
MINNESOTA  On March 11, 2013, Dylan’s mother found out that her only child was using heroin at the age of 18. By the time she found out, her-oin had already gotten ahold of him. Over the next year, Dylan was charged with two felonies related to his addiction. He was ad-mitted to three different treatment centers. In May of 2014, while Dylan was staying in a treatment center that he had been fur-loughed to, Dylan’s mother received a phone call from one of his friends saying that Dylan had overdosed and was in the ER. Not knowing whether Dylan was alive or dead made the drive to the ER one of the worst drives in her life. Luckily Dylan survived, but 36 hours after being admitted to the hos-pital, he was sent to jail for 30 days. When Dylan was released from jail, he began the same routine of using. Dylan’s family tried to help him and keep him at home but there was nothing they could do. They were so desperate that at one point they took turns sitting in front of his room, but when his mother got up for a second, Dylan sprinted out the back door. They were helpless. His parents never gave Dylan money but they let him live at home. Dylan’s mother talked to him every single day about his addiction and told him much she loved him. Dylan didn’t want to live the life he was leading but he didn’t know how to stop. In October of 2014, Dylan agreed to go to a treatment center. The moment he arrived, Dylan didn’t want to be there anymore. When he walked out of the center, Dylan’s mother refused to bring him home. So Dylan partied for a few days in a hotel with some other kids that had been kicked out of the treatment center for using. Dylan then went to a halfway house and waited there while he tried to get into another treatment facility. Dylan received his completion certificate from this treatment center on January 17, 2015, and was 90 days clean. Dylan tried so hard to stay clean but with-in a week of being home, he stumbled again. Dylan went to court and was going to be put on probation. Things seemed like they were going to be okay. On the afternoon of Janu-ary 30th, Dylan’s friend called because he needed to get rid of the rest of his dope be-fore he went into treatment. Dylan’s mother could tell Dylan was high when she got home from work, but he hung out with her all night and they had fun. Dylan seemed fine when she told him she loved him and went to bed after midnight. Dylan went to bed and never woke up. He died on January 31st, 2015. In his bed. In his parent’s house. His parent’s worst nightmare came true—their only child was dead. Dylan’s mother doesn’t remember much about that day, but she does know that her life will never be the same. Every day when she walks into her house, she sees Dylan’s shoes sitting on the floor where he kicked them off and his jacket draped across the banister where he left it. They will never have another one of our midnight snacks. Dylan will never have the chance to get mar-ried, have kids, travel, and do all of the things that a 19 year old should be experi-encing. Dylan was quiet, but when he did talk, he was funny. He was a good athlete, loyal, handsome and genuine. Dylan and his moth-er always knew what the other was thinking and we talked—good talks—all the time. Near the end of his life, his mother sent him what seemed like thousands of texts just making sure that he was ok. Dylan’s mother keeps thinking that she will wake up and all of this will have been a dream. She cannot put into words the pain that this loss has caused her family. Today, her mission is to help change the system that we currently have. This epidemic has killed too many young men and women. Let’s do all we can to help people with sub-stance use disorder access the treatment they need, break the stigma surrounding ad-diction, and make some real change. f 
HONORING BATTALION CHIEF MICHAEL WINK 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor CalFire Battalion Chief Michael Wink, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Lake Coun-ty in California’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our community who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. A native of our Napa Valley, Battalion Chief Wink attended the Santa Rosa Junior College Firefighter Academy and served as Academy Class Leader. He then attended the CalFire Academy and began working on assignments across the state. In addition, Battalion Chief Wink is a certified Emergency Medical Techni-cian and has earned numerous technological and incident management certifications. Bat-talion Chief Wink currently serves as a CalFire Battalion Chief for Lake County. Our community knows firsthand the value of Battalion Chief Wink’s leadership. During the Clayton and Valley Fires, Battalion Chief Wink led a large team and acted quickly to help pro-tect our community. His leadership undoubt-edly limited the damage sustained by our Lake County community during those devastating fires. Mr. Speaker, I thank Battalion Chief Wink for his dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor him here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.099 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1668 December 9, 2016 
HONORING THE 5TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL ALLIANCE FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF HAI-TIAN PROFESSIONALS 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, from the 24th District of the great state of Florida, I rise to mark the fifth anniversary of the Na-tional Alliance for the Advancement of Haitian Professionals (NAAHP) and to honor its years of service to the Haitian-American community and our nation. NAAHP was founded in 2008 as the Na-tional Association of Haitian Professionals (NAHP) by a group of ambitious college stu-dents to connect Haitian professionals and build ladders of opportunity for the Haitian di-aspora domestically and abroad. In 2015, NAHP officially became the National Alliance for the Advancement of Haitian Professionals to reflect the organization’s growth and pursuit of new initiatives since its launch in 2011. In the past five years, NAAHP has become one of the leading associations for Haitian pro-fessionals and also an advocate on issues af-fecting the global Haitian community. NAAHP has hosted many conferences around the world to engage the Haitian dias-pora, recognized influential Haitian leaders, awarded scholarships to students of Haitian descent, launched the Network After Work So-cial Hour Series, and offered year-round col-lege readiness programs through its College Readiness Access & Retention Institute. NAAHP has led the Haitian diaspora in con-fronting a number of issues affecting Haitians abroad. Since 2015, it has been one of the foremost advocates fighting the denaturalization of Dominicans of Haitian de-scent. In response to Haiti’s derailed 2015 presidential elections, NAAHP proposed sev-eral solutions which were adopted and helped to mitigate the political crisis. Every year, the NAAHP conference gathers Haitians from around the world to highlight the Haitian diaspora’s success, network, and share solutions to address Haiti’s challenges. I am so pleased that the NAAHP decided to convene in Washington, D.C., for its fifth an-nual conference. As the Member of Congress representing the Congressional District with the largest population of Haitians, it gives me great pleasure to welcome NAAHP and the di-aspora to Washington. This year’s honorees include Congress-woman M
IALOVE(UT–4), Washington D.C. At-torney General Karl Racine, National Urban League president Marc Morial, entrepreneur Leanna Archer, and renowned architect Rod-ney Leon. I personally thank Robert Raben, Cleve Mesidor, and Donald Gatlin from the Raben Group, Suze Francois, Albert DeCady, Am-bassador Paul Altidor, Naomie Pierre-Louis, Ariel Dominique, and everyone at the Em-bassy of the Republic of Haiti, 1 Click, Off the Ground Solutions, Haiti Renewal Alliance, and Azure College for their unwavering support of NAAHP. I commend the NAAHP leadership team for their commitment, dedication, and excellence. The executive management team includes Serge Renaud (president), Marie Myka Texas, Samuel Charles, Vladimir ‘‘Vlad’’ Gilbert, Regine Albin, Ketsia Saint-Armand, Victoria Winslow, Kathy W. Elisca Clermont, Widline Luctama, Tracy Vertus, Kristia M. Beaubrun, Claslyne Doris Jean Pierre, Verlene Julceus, and Malika Raquel Bernard. The Board of Directors consists of Dr. Wilkerson Compere (chairman), Samuel Charles, Mackendy Elmera, Serge Renaud, Dr. Cledicianne Dorvil, and Anide Jean. The Advisory Board is co-chaired by Dr. Marjorie Pierre Brennan and Miche Jean, and includes Nathalie Liautaud, Bruno Surpris, Dr. C. Reynold Verret, Dr. Paul A. Belony, Am-bassador Danielle Saint-Lot, Jaques M. Jean, Brigitte Rousseau, Adler C. Eliacin, and Har-old Charles. The Scholarship Committee is led by co- chairs Dr. Marjorie P. Brennan and Jacques Medina Jean, and includes Widline Luctama, Regine Albin, Bruno Surpris, and Miche Jean. The Advocacy Committee is under the lead-ership of the Honorable Judge Lionel Jean- Baptiste, Joanne Antoine, and Cassandre Theano. Mr. Speaker, I urge you, my colleagues in Congress, and all Americans to please join me in honoring the National Alliance for the Ad-vancement of Haitian Professionals on their fifth anniversary and for hosting this year’s conference in our nation’s capital. f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF MR. BUTCH RAMIREZ 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Butch Ramirez, a professional photographer whose work has been chosen to be displayed as part of the newly commis-sioned nuclear submarine, the USS Illinois (SSN–786). Growing up in Webb County, Texas, hunting and fishing were regular parts of Mr. Rami-rez’s life. Mr. Ramirez decided to expand his passion for hunting and fishing by pursuing an interest in photography. He quickly developed a talent and enthusiasm for capturing some of nature’s most beautiful and rare wildlife in the South Texas area. Over the course of his ca-reer capturing photos of wildlife, Mr. Ramirez’s photographs have been selected for the cover of magazines on 25 separate occasions. One of Mr. Ramirez’s most notable pieces of pho-tography is his photo of the White-tailed deer that has been chosen to represent the crest of this newest Virginia class submarine through an extensive selecting process. Mr. Ramirez has also led exclusive photo workshops for people from all over the world at his ranch in Laredo, TX. In addition, his ranch, Rocking R6, is an official stop for the Laredo Birding Festival. Those interested in the history and photography of animals come to his ranch specifically because of the rare species of birds that can be found there in-cluding, the Crested Caracara, Green Jay, and the Red-billed Pigeon. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize the work of Mr. Butch Ramirez. IN HONOR OF 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. ILLUMINATOR ARMENIAN APOSTOLIC CATHEDRAL HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of St. Illuminator Armenian Apos-tolic Cathedral located in the district I rep-resent in Manhattan, New York. It was the first Armenian church established in New York City. After fleeing to the United States in the late 19th and early 20th century following the Hamidian Massacres and Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire, the Armenians of New York City did not have their own church to worship in together. They held religious serv-ices in various churches, most of which were located in the neighborhood of the current ca-thedral. Purchasing a church was initially pro-posed in 1913. A successful fundraising effort allowed construction to begin for what was then known as the central cathedral of the Ar-menian Apostolic Church in 1915. The Cathe-dral officially opened its doors in 1916, but pa-rishioners celebrated the Cathedral’s centen-nial throughout 2015 at the same time as the centennial of the Armenian Genocide in Otto-man Turkey in 1915. For over a century, St. Illuminator’s Cathe-dral has played a significant role in advocating for Armenians in the U.S. and around the world. Many Genocide survivors found their refuge in the United States, entering the coun-try through Ellis Island. St. Illuminator came to serve as shelter to many of them once they arrived. Today, there remains a vibrant con-gregation, inspiring their community through faith and service. I extend my congratulations to the pastor, Rev. Fr. Mesrob Lakissian who has led the church for 10 years, the Board of Trustees, and all members and friends of St. Illuminator, and wish them many more years of success and service to the Armenian American com-munity. I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating the anniversary of St. Illuminator’s Ca-thedral and its contributions to the Armenian American residents of Manhattan, Queens and Brooklyn as well as the larger Armenian Amer-ican community in the United States. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 601 to H.R. 5015. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 602 to H.R. 6427. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 603 to House Amendment to S. 1635. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 604 to H.R. 6394. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 605 to H. Res. 939. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.101 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1669 December 9, 2016 
If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 606 to H.R. 6416. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 607 to H. Res. 828 motion to table. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 607 to H. Res. 828 motion to refer. If I were present, I would have voted NO on roll call number 609 to H. Res. 944 ordering the previous question. If I were present, I would have voted NO on roll call number 610 to H. Res. 944. If I were present, I would have voted NO on roll call number 613 to H.R. 5143. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 614 to H.R. 6076. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 616 to H.R. 5790. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 615 to House Amendment to S. 2971. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 611 to H.R. 1219. If I were present, I would have voted YES on roll call number 612 to S. 3028. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NKUMU ISAAC KATALY & ‘‘THE NEW LIFE PROJECT’’ 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to honor The Kataly Band for its many years of dedication and contribution to the arts in New York City and our country. Nkumu Isaac Kataly was born in Kinshasa, the capital city of the Democratic Republic of Congo where he spent one half of his life be-fore moving to New York City in 1996. Music became Mr. Kataly’s path to navigate the world. Music has become Mr. Kataly’s corner-stone, which holds the fragments of his iden-tity together. Music is Nkumu’s passion. The study of mu-sical notes or beats, especially their move-ments, patterns, and how they are parallel to human cultures, remains his lifelong fascina-tion. So, artistically, he discovered one tool after the other. Nkumu’s musical concept was cultivated via the ‘‘Mbonda’’ or ‘‘Ngoma’’ (drum) and movements (dance). Before his new journey, Mr. Kataly had the opportunity to accomplish tremendous things as a young artist. He got to perform at re-nowned art venues throughout the United States and has had the privilege to work with the best artists Congo sends out to the world. He performed alongside various artists. Nkumu has presented at the Apollo Theater, Manhattan Center, Prospect Park, Summer Stage, St. Nick’s Pub, and more. Additionally, he has performed at various prestigious uni-versities throughout the United States such as Columbia University, John Jay College, Ba-ruch College, Harvard University, and Univer-sity of Chicago. His devotion to humanitarian causes con-tinues through his music. He devotes a signifi-cant amount of his spare time to community leadership and development. He is currently the technical director of a musical group in the Living Church of God’s Divine Provision. There he uses African aesthetics, music and thought processes, to exemplify how Congo influences every music style throughout the African Diaspora. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Mr. Kataly and The New Life Project for their consistently remarkable contributions to the arts and the African Diaspora. f 
RETIRING FROM CONGRESS 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, as I reach the end of my 24-year congressional ca-reer, I want to begin by thanking the constitu-ents of Florida’s 3rd (later renamed 5th) con-gressional district, for giving me the oppor-tunity to serve you, and to serve the great State of Florida, and the United States of America. I will always remember and revere this remarkable institution of government, the House of Representatives, the People’s House. As I look back on my years of service, among the many things my loyal and out-standing staff and I accomplished over the years, there are a few special items that stand out. First, I will always remember working day and night across the aisle to obtain a Con-gressional Gold Medal for the Montford Point Marines; the dedicated, African American pa-triots, who were often overlooked by the his-tory books. These marines enlisted to defend our nation during a time when here at home, African Americans faced terrible discrimination and civil rights abuses. Years before Jackie Robin-son and decades prior to Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King, they risked their lives and fought overseas to defend democracy against one of the most dangerous regimes ever to rule over much of Europe, that of Nazi Ger-many. And unlike the Tuskegee Airmen and others who were praised for their valiant ef-forts, the Montford Point Marines were never given recognition until I worked with my col-leagues on Capitol Hill to pass a bill, which became law, to grant the marines who were trained at Montford Point a Congressional Gold Medal. I vividly remember when a hand-ful of these now elderly gentlemen watched the final vote from the House gallery in tears, as the Members of Congress, defying House protocol for a brief moment, turned and gave them a standing ovation for their bravery. A short time thereafter, the Montford Point Ma-rines were received with honors in the Capitol for a ceremony in their honor, granting them a Congressional Gold Medal. I am also very proud of my 24 years of service on the House Veterans Affairs Com-mittee. In fact, I became the first African American female to serve as Ranking Member of the Committee, as I felt it was my duty after serving on the committee to take charge dur-ing an extremely tumultuous time at the Agen-cy for Veterans’ Affairs. During my two year term as Ranking Member we worked on a number of issues to improve the efficacy of the VA to better serve our nation’s veterans, in particular, in the areas of veteran homeless-ness, assisting the rapidly expanding category of women veterans, psychological issues and PTSD, and working to decrease the wait times at VA health facilities. Since first coming to Congress, I have been fighting for the benefits that veterans were promised when they entered the service. When I first came to Washington, to offset the limited space for veterans’ burials in Florida and around the country, I introduced legisla-tion to establish new National Cemeteries in South Florida and in Jacksonville. I also intro-duced legislation to expand and improve the National Veteran’s Cemetery system, and championed legislation expanding the health and long-term care benefits that America’s veterans’ receive, improving veterans’ edu-cation benefits, and expediting claims proc-essing. Most recently, I secured a new Vet-erans’ Outpatient Clinic for Jacksonville. This facility consolidated most of the veterans’ services that had been scattered around the city into one facility. In addition, the Gaines-ville VA Medical Center was completed with an additional $51.5 million included at my re-quest, and the Orlando VA Medical Center, with my advocacy over the years, is finally completed and attending patients. And under my watch, Congress passed the largest budg-et in the history of the VA and also passed as-sured funding for the VA, which ensures that veterans’ healthcare is not subject to the polit-ical winds of Washington. I am proud of my many accomplishments over the years in the arena of Transportation and Infrastructure development, where, in my role as a key member on the House Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee, I was able to make numerous positive, tangible con-tributions to our nation’s transportation system. By obtaining hundreds of millions of dollars in federal projects, both for my congressional district (which is one of the most underserved in the State of Florida), and for my state, I was awarded with the slogan, ‘‘Corrine Delivers.’’ These projects ranged from bridge construc-tion and reconstruction, to the building of courthouses, roads, ports and buildings. They also consisted of numerous multi modal trans-portation projects, such as SunRail in Central Florida, Lynx, and Amtrak passenger rail, to give Floridians and Americans across the na-tion the option to travel and commute without having to use an automobile. And across my district, from Gainesville to Jacksonville to Or-lando and even the smaller cities in between, I obtained millions of dollars over the years for their public transportation system, including city buses. In Gainesville in fact, the newly up-graded bus depot was named after me. Yet perhaps my greatest achievement was in the arena of civil rights. I am proud to have been the first African American to serve the State of Florida as an elected federal Member of Congress. In this capacity, I served as the voice of minorities and the traditionally under served for more than two decades. I was given the platform and the ability to promote change and fairness in the areas of voting rights, health care parity, educational access and equality, access to fairly priced housing, accessible and moderately priced public trans-portation, greater gender equality, racial dis-parities in our criminal justice system, and of course, for full funding of our Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid recipients. Lastly, in the area of higher education, I led the charge, along with my colleagues in the Congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.104 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1670 December 9, 2016 
Black Caucus, to revise the strict requirements the Department of Education placed on those attempting to obtain or continue to use their Parent Plus Loans to further their college edu-cation. The excessive requirements were eventually revised in ways which allowed hun-dreds of thousands of previously adversely af-fected students, many at HBCU’s in particular, to continue their studies. Yet I do not intend to abandon the fight for justice and equality that I have fought for all of my life. Even outside the halls of Congress, I will continue to advocate for minorities, for the less fortunate, and for those born on the ‘‘other side of the railroad tracks.’’ As I have said from the day I was first elected: ‘‘to whom God has given much, much is expected . . . when you are born you get a birth certificate, and when you die you get a death certificate, but it’s the dash in between that really mat-ters.’’ 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN MELISSE LEITZKE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Melisse Leitzke, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Solano County in Califor-nia’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our commu-nity who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. Captain Leitzke is known for her leadership, knowledge and mentorship at the Vallejo Fire Department. Her dedication to excellence shows through the results of her hard work and study to achieve the rank of Captain after placing first in her recent Captain examination. In addition to her work as an emergency re-sponder, Captain Leitzke is an active member of our community. She serves as a mentor in the Department’s Robin Mackbee Youth Acad-emy providing life guidance and career explo-ration for youth who are at-risk socially, aca-demically and economically. Captain Leitzke’s presence in the academy provides a positive role model for the young men and women. Mr. Speaker, I thank Captain Leitzke for her dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor her here today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 80TH AN-NIVERSARY OF STANFORD SET-TLEMENT NEIGHBORHOOD CEN-TER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 80th anniversary of the Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center and the Sisters of Social Service in Sacramento. As Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Cen-ter’s friends and supporters gather to cele-brate this milestone, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their leadership in the Sacramento region. It is a great pleasure to recognize the cen-ter’s dedication to providing services that ben-efit the health and well-being of the residents and neighborhood. As Sacramento’s oldest social-service agency, Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center has provided services to thousands of people, young and old. Their wide range of programs includes Neighbor-hood Outreach, Emergency Assistance, Chil-dren’s, and Senior Services programs. On top of this, the Stanford Settlement Neighborhood actively works to foster stronger connections within the community by hosting meetings with city officials and other local organizations. 80 years ago, the former residence of Gov-ernor Leland Stanford was taken over by The Sisters of Social Service. The Sisters began several programs to serve their neighbors im-mediately and in 1963 they moved their pro-grams to the Gardenland Northgate area of Northern Sacramento. Their work was instru-mental in obtaining City water, parks, street lights, sidewalks and gutters for the area. In 1975, the Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center became a non-profit and moved to the abandoned Gardenland Elementary School. At this location, the facility grew to include both the Sister Jeanne Felion Senior Center and the Carl R. Hansen Teen Center. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center, and their continuous commitment to providing social services to all people, young and old. The past 80 years have been tremendously successful and I am sure they will continue to enjoy success in the future. While Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center’s staff, sup-porters, and friends gather together to cele-brate the organization’s 80th anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their outstanding work in providing the com-munity with much needed social services. f 
TRIBUTE TO BAKARY CAMARA 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to honor Mr. Bakary Camara for his many years of selfless and compassionate service to the African community, and all of our community’s residents. Mr. Bakary Camara was born in Gambia, West Africa, in 1961. He and his family man-aged an independent business and he trav-eled throughout Africa and Europe before set-tling in the Bronx in 1988. Bakary joined the majority of the West Afri-can immigrants that were settling in the Highbridge, Mount Eden, Concourse, and Morrisania sections of the Bronx. At that time, there was no Masjid in the Bronx and the Muslim community would gather in each oth-er’s apartments to pray. Bakary and other community leaders founded one of the first Mosques for the African community at 1472 Jesup Avenue, Masjid Deyaue of Islam. In the 1990s, Bakary joined other Gambian leaders in helping strengthen the Gambian So-ciety, the first African organization to provide adult education services and worked with the CDC to educate the African community in the Bronx about their health and specifically about the growing problem of AIDS and HIV. Bakary helped open other Mosques throughout the Bronx, serves as Secretary for Makky Masjid and is the Public Relations Rep-resentative for Makky Masjid and for the Is-lamic Cultural Center, the central mosque for the Bronx which opened in 1999. Bakary has volunteered and served as a representative for numerous nonprofits throughout the Bronx, including the Northwest Bronx Community and Clergy Coalition, the United Parents of Highbridge and the Parent Action Committee of New Settlement Apart-ments. Bakary served on the steering com-mittee for the citywide Muslim Holiday Cam-paign, a coalition which worked for nearly a decade to have the two Muslim holidays, the Eids, recognized by the New York Public School System. This was achieved in 2015 under Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Bakary also has volunteered as a commu-nity translator for Lincoln, Harlem, and New York Presbyterian Hospitals. He speaks Sonike, Manidiko, Fulani, and Walof. Bakary continues to reside with his family on Plimpton Avenue in the Highbridge neighborhood of the Bronx. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Mr. Bakary Camara for his consist-ently remarkable dedication to public service. f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF MR. JOHN M
CKEOWN 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-memorate the life of one of Laredo’s most car-ing and dedicated citizens, Mr. John McKeown. Mr. McKeown was born on February 4th, 1929, in Tulsa, Oklahoma to John Mayo McKeown and Mary Grace McVey McKeown. He attended Cascia Hall Preparatory School in Tulsa and eventually went to the U.S. Naval Academy where he graduated with a degree in Chemical Engineering. At the age of 24, Mr. McKeown entered the Korean War where he served on a transport ship and a destroyer. For his service he received the National De-fense Medal, Korean Service Medal, United Nations Service Medal, and the China Service Medal. After the war, he moved to Texas to work for a maquiladora that manufactured electronics. It was during this time that he met his beloved wife Jeanette. They soon got mar-ried and eventually had two children. Mr. McKeown also went on to start a successful business called McKeown Customs Brokers Inc. which saw over forty years of success. Mr. McKeown was very involved in his local community. He not only helped start one of Laredo’s first youth soccer teams but helped referee Saturdays and Sundays. He was also an active member of the Laredo Licensed U.S. Customs Brokers Association, Laredo Noon Rotary Club, St. Patrick Men’s Club, and was past president of the Laredo Animal Protective Society. Mr. McKeown, however, was most noted for his work with helping local veterans. As an active member of the Laredo Korean War Veterans Association and chaplain of the Laredo 1959 chapter, Mr. McKeown was con-sidered one of the first people veterans could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.106 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1671 December 9, 2016 
turn to in their time of need. He was also in-volved with helping to designate segments of state highways 359, 16, and 285 as the Vet-erans of the Korean War Memorial Highway. He even went so far as to use his own money to help pay for the highway signs. Mr. McKeown is survived by his wife, Jea-nette Moser McKeown; daughter, Carolyn J. McKeown; grandchildren, Carolyn Lauren Hinojosa Walker, Ann Michelle Hinojosa (Ari) Hoffman, and Eduardo Javier Hinojosa Jr.; great grandchildren, William Christopher Walk-er, Rheya Ashley Walker; siblings, Patricia (Herbert) Stanley, and Thomas (Ruth) McKeown. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to remember the legacy of Mr. John McKeown. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SUGAR GROVE SUNSHINE 4–H CLUB 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Sugar Grove Sunshine 4–H Club on celebrating its 100th anniversary on September 24, 2016. Heart, Head, Hands and Health are the ten-ants of 4–H, and 4–H is one of the hallmark organizations that so many young Iowans have passed through during their formative years. Ever since the Sugar Grove Sunshine 4–H Club was founded during World War I, it has benefited the youth of central Iowa in countless ways. Originally called the 4–H Sewing Club, the Sugar Grove Sunshine 4–H Club has guided Dallas County area youth through innumerable fair projects, animal shows, and 4–H meetings, where they were able to build upon their own interests, create with their hands, learn about animal care, de-velop important social skills, master public speaking, and be involved in their commu-nities. The skills developed and honed in 4–H stay with students throughout their lifetime, and the result is that our communities are filled with leaders who strive to do what’s best for all. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent the Sugar Grove Sunshine 4–H Club and its mem-bers in the United States Congress. It is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them all on this momentous anniversary and in wishing them nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF JUDGE SCOTT POLODNA 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of the Honorable Scott D. Polodna, who passed away on Tues-day, December 6, 2016, after losing his battle with cancer. He was 51. Judge Polodna was a respected leader in Central Florida and will be remembered as a dedicated colleague, and a dignified, compas-sionate person and jurist. He helped many people improve their lives. Judge Polodna began his service as a judge in 2006. Judge Polodna has served the Ninth Judicial Circuit Court for over 10 years as a circuit judge in Osceola County in the criminal division, and in the civil division specializing in probate, guardianship, and mental health issues. Born in Chicago, IL, Judge Polodna moved to Florida 40 years ago. He received a bach-elor’s degree in psychology and a law degree from the University of Florida. Judge Polodna taught criminal evidence at Valencia College, and served as an assistant public defender for ten years in the Orange-Osceola Public De-fender’s Office and as an assistant county at-torney in Osceola. Judge Polodna’s commit-ments to the community included board serv-ice with Community Vision and the Osceola Education Foundation. He was a 2002 grad-uate of Leadership Osceola, leading a project aimed at protecting and preserving environ-mentally sensitive lands. Judge Polodna’s integrity, wisdom, and pas-sionate outlook on life touched the lives of many and made Central Florida a better place. I am humbled to honor the memory, life, and outstanding achievements of Judge Scott D. Polodna. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. LOUIS J. AGNESE, JR. 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career of Dr. Louis J. Agnese, Jr. who served as president of the University of the Incarnate Word (UIW) in San Antonio, Texas for thirty-one years. Dr. Louis J. Agnese grew up in Brooklyn, New York, as the youngest of five children. He received his Bachelor of Arts in History and Psychology from St. Mary of the Plains Col-lege; his Master of Education in Counseling and an Education Specialist Degree in Super-vision of Counseling Services from Gannon University; and a Ph.D. in Counselor Edu-cation from The University of Pittsburgh. He went on to work at Briar Cliff University before interviewing for the presidency of Incarnate Word in 1985. UIW eventually hired Dr. Agnese to become the university’s eighth president. Dr. Agnese was only 33 at the time, making him one of the youngest college presidents in the nation. Immediately upon being hired, he sought ways to help improve the university. He spent much of his time researching the university’s history, meeting with staff and faculty, as well as look-ing for innovative ways to help improve stu-dent enrollment, which had been declining for several years. During Dr. Agnese’s presidency, student global enrollment rose from 1,296 students in 1985 to 11,422 in 2016. This growth turned UIW from the 19th largest private university in Texas to the 3rd largest private university in the state. The number of living alumni has in-creased from 8,000 in 1985 to nearly 40,000 today. Not only did the student enrollment grow, but the number of academic programs dou-bled. The university created its first Ph.D. pro-gram and added professional doctoral pro-grams in pharmacy, optometry, physical ther-apy, nursing practice, business administration, and beginning in 2017, osteopathic medicine. The university’s endowment also increased from $3 million in 1985 to $130 million today, while the school’s budget grew from $2 million to $217 million. UIW has received numerous recognitions throughout Dr. Agnese’s tenure. The university has been noted for eight consecutive years as one of the Great Colleges to Work For in the U.S. by the Chronicle of Higher Education, chosen as one of the Top Workplaces in San Antonio by The San Antonio Express-News, included in The Chronicle’s national Top 10 Honor Roll category for medium-sized univer-sities for the seventh straight year, and today, with more than 1,100 employees, UIW has an estimated $100 million impact on the San An-tonio economy. UIW is also currently ranked No. 1 nationally among private, not-for-profit universities in conferring the most bachelor’s degrees to Hispanics, a group that continues to be underrepresented nationally in higher education. Dr. Agnese’s long and successful career has brought with it numerous awards. His many honors include: the Humanitarian Award from the National Conference of Christians and Jews, the Outstanding leader in Catholic education by the Archdiocese of San Antonio, the Ford Salute to Education Lifetime Achieve-ment Award for his contributions to higher education, the Sister Cecilia Bush Award from the Dear Neighbor Ministries for his commit-ment to Minority Education, and multiple hon-orary doctorates along with several distin-guished alumni awards. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to remember the legacy of UIW’s eighth president, Dr. Louis J. Agnese, Jr. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. SCOTT SHUEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Scott Shuey, D.V.M. of Corning, Iowa, for being honored as the 2016 Veterinarian of the Year by the Iowa Veterinary Medical Association. Dr. Shuey was nominated by 19 area farmers and producers in southwestern Iowa, in rec-ognition of his dedication to the profession and his leadership in the community. Dr. Shuey has been practicing veterinary medicine in southwest Iowa for 25 years. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in animal science from Kansas State University in 1989, a Master of Science degree in beef cattle nutrition from South Dakota State Uni-versity, and his Doctorate of Veterinary Medi-cine from Kansas State University. He prac-tices veterinary medicine and serves as the managing and senior partner at the Southern Hills Veterinary Clinic in Corning. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Dr. Shuey for this recognition by the Iowa Veteri-nary Medical Association. I am proud to rep-resent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Dr. Shuey and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.110 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1672 December 9, 2016 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change is Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
ANTONIO LUCONI —POMPTON PLAINS , NEW 
JERSEY  On Sunday, March 20, 2016, Antonio ‘‘Ant’’ Luconi, lost the biggest fight of his life at the age of 28—to the disease of opioid addic-tion. Drug addiction does not discriminate— it ruins the lives of good people. When Ant died, the world lost a son, brother, God-father, cousin, grandson, nephew and friend. Their loyal, handsome, funny, loving, Ant added so much to the lives he touched: He had a ‘‘tough guy’’ exterior and had the world’s biggest heart. Ant never failed to say, ‘‘I love you.’’ Ant died nineteen days after being dis-charged from treatment. He was excited to start his life over, make his family proud and pursue his new life goals. He did not want to die. He had plans. Big plans. ‘‘28 is my year,’’ he said. At the age of 21, Ant began recreationally using Percocet, which progressed to Roxicet. He ingested both by crushing the pills and snorting them. As his addiction progressed, so too did his tolerance and the cost of sup-porting his addiction. As a result, Ant turned to snorting heroin, which was less expensive. While attending an intensive outpatient pro-gram, another patient taught him how to use a needle to inject heroin. Over the course of seven years, Ant made numerous attempts to get clean. He detoxed on his own and under medical supervision. He attended intensive outpatient programs and worked with therapists. Ant’s belief that he could conquer this disease on his own led to a disastrous end. Ant was open and honest throughout his addiction. He spent numerous hours with his sister discussing his disease. She believed in Ant and named him the Godfather to her daughter. There were many nights when Ant’s mother held him in her arms as he cried, apologized, and pleaded for help to end the nightmare of addiction—to become whole again. Ant’s family encouraged him time after time to get help, but in retro-spect, they did not fully understand the se-verity of the situation. After accepting that his addiction had completely taken over his life and that death was a real possibility, Ant decided to go to an inpatient treatment program. Can you imagine the relief Ant’s family felt at hear-ing this news? While attending the recovery center in Florida, Ant became a favorite pa-tient. During weekly conference calls with Ant and his treatment team, the connectors reported on his progress with sincere opti-mism, ‘‘Finally, someone who gets it and works the program. What a great guy. We know Ant will be a success story.’’ He was chosen as group leader, which meant he was in charge of morning check-in meetings. Some of the most challenged men in the pro-gram sought Ant’s advice and friendship. Ever a ‘‘man’s man,’’ he made everyone feel important and was loyal to a fault. When Ant arrived home after completing the program, he was proud of his progress and confident in his new life, but the fear of relapse was constant: ‘‘I cannot wait to just live in the moment again.’’ Ant shared with his family a letter that he wrote to heroin. The first sentence read, ‘‘I am saying good-bye because you have made me someone I am not, my life is now unmanageable, you de-stroy all good things in my life. I hate you.’’ Ant’s counselors in Florida set up an in-tensive outpatient program for him to help him transition upon arriving home. But when Ant attended the scheduled assess-ment, he was declined admittance because a family member was already enrolled in the program. Given that Ant was in such a vul-nerable time in his recovery, they should have made sure that he was enrolled in an-other intensive outpatient program before he left the building. Lack of continuity of care turned out to be a life or death situation. Ant needed to stay in a program and con-tinue to receive support but they turned him away. Ant was unable to get an assessment at another intensive outpatient program for a week and a half. Here was a man who was begging for help, had made the decision to change his life and was failed horribly by our system. This was not unfamiliar—if you only knew how many times Ant’s family drove him from detox to detox only to be turned down by each one due to insurance issues and a lack of available beds. Ant’s mother and sister want things to change. They want more resources to be available for people who have that moment of clarity and decide to get help. They want someone to pick up the phone on a Sunday night when a person struggling with addic-tion decides to seek information about how to get into detox. The horrible alternative means a person wanting help has to wait until morning and continue to use in order to combat the withdrawal symptoms. That ‘‘one more time’’ hit could take their life. Ant’s family is left with massive holes in their hearts that will never be healed. Their souls are devastated. Ant put up one hell of a fight. He was supposed to start a new job the day after he died. His family was rooting for him then and remain proud of him today. They were never ashamed or embarrassed about Ant’s struggle. They believe that it was the system that failed him. Ant’s family wants to help bring awareness to the fact that this disease has reached epi-demic levels and needs to be stopped. Too many young lives have been taken. Too many people that they know personally. If anything can be done to remove the stigma associated with a disease that does not dis-criminate between class, color, race, or reli-gion, then Ant will not have died in vain. Ant’s family always felt that he was destined to do big things Perhaps this is Ant’s legacy. 
MICHAEL MARCELL —WITTMAN , MARYLAND  The mother of two wonderful, loving boys, Louis and Michael Marcell, never dreamed that addiction would devastate her family as it has. This was not the life that she imag-ined when she became a mother. The grief and devastation of losing a child is unbear-able and if her family’s story can prevent just one family from dealing with this dis-ease alone, she feels she will have made a dif-ference. Michael was always quiet and shy. He struggled in classes and was bullied during his formative years in school. When Michael was 16 years old, he became depressed and more withdrawn. His parents tried several times to get him help through the school system but to no avail. By the time Michael was a junior in high school and had failing grades, his parents made the difficult deci-sion to withdraw him from school. Michael was determined to graduate high school, so he decided to take GED classes and he passed. Michael enjoyed working with his hands and found his calling in carpentry work. He also loved skateboarding, snowboarding, and spending time with his friends and brother. He was drawn to nature and had an old soul. Around the age of 17, Michael began experi-menting with alcohol and marijuana. His mother was concerned but thought Michael was just going through a phase. A few days before Michael’s death, he told a friend that he needed help. Michael’s mother didn’t know the extent of his addiction until it was too late; never able to get him the help he so desperately needed. Michael died on December 7, 2008, within days of celebrating his 18th birthday. He went to a party the night before and because of an argument going on at home, Michael decided to stay at the party overnight. That was the last time Michael’s mother saw her son. On December 7th, the police came to Mi-chael’s home to tell his mother that Michael was gone and died of an accidental overdose of alcohol and oxycodone. Michael’s mother remembers that moment as if it was yester-day. If Michael’s family had the tools and knowledge about addiction that they have today when Michael was struggling, they feel they might have been able to save him. THEO MARINESCU —EAST HAMPTON , NEW YORK  If there is anything worse than losing a child, it is losing a child to a drug overdose because grief is often accompanied by judge-ment and blame. For parents, it is a gut- wrenching thing to watch your child suffer at their own hand. Losing a child to addiction means you didn’t get to say goodbye. It means that (if you are brave enough to be truthful about the cause of death) every day you have to deal with the stigma that surrounds addic-tion. You question every decision—you look for what you did wrong, what you didn’t say, why you didn’t have the sense that some-thing was wrong. You look back over the years and dissect each part of their life— scanning for clues. You look for places to lay blame but mostly you blame yourself. You find an online group of parents just like you, where there is no judgement and everyone has the same questions and feels the same pain. You force yourself to read the coroner and toxicology report hoping there is an an-swer there. And you cry—a lot. Theo was 25 years old when he lost his life to a fatal combination of heroin and fentanyl. Theo was a warm, open, loving, bright, intelligent and handsome man. He had a huge laugh and a fabulous smile. Theo was an outstanding athlete and won many trophies and awards. He played linebacker in football and loved the sport. He was also gifted intellectually and an honor roll stu-dent in high school. Theo lived with wild am-bition and no regrets. Theo was a brilliant storyteller and always found a way to make you laugh. He seemed to make friends wherever he went and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.115 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1673 December 9, 2016 
turn, he made everyone feel welcome. Theo loved his little brothers with all his heart. He was a loyal friend to many. Theo was very close to his family. Even during his years of drug use, Theo and his mother never became distant from each other. At times, it was torturous for his mother, but the one thing that was always apparent was that Theo loved his family and his family loved him—no matter what. Theo started smoking marijuana during his later years of high school. Theo’s mother never imagined that his drug use would progress to pills and then, cocaine. Theo’s family believes his addiction started about seven years ago, but it’s hard to say for cer-tain because this disease entered their home slowly and quietly. Over the course of those seven years, Theo experimented with a vari-ety of drugs, including his final drug of choice, opiates. He tried hard to stop many times. Theo felt broken and guilty for the hurt he inflicted on his mother and little brothers. He once wrote about the ‘‘fairytale life’’ that he had screwed up so badly, and to-wards the end of his life Theo’s self-esteem was completely eroded. He always took re-sponsibility for what he did. When his behavior started to hurt the ones he loved the most, Theo decided it was time to do something about it. On September 30; 2014, Theo called Violeta crying and asking for help. It was the first time he admitted to being addicted to drugs. Although his moth-er was shocked and heartbroken, Violeta didn’t criticize him because she knew he was hurting. Theo said he hated living in addic-tion: ‘‘Mom, please help me! I will do any-thing to get out from this hole . . .’’ Theo shared with Violeta about how hav-ing a little fun at the age of 17 had escalated into a full-blown drug addiction. Theo felt alone despite the fact that he had so much love from his mother and so many others. Soon after his conversation with his mother, Theo entered a treatment facility. Violeta reached out to a person at the treatment facility for information on how she could best support Theo during his time there. The man said, ‘‘Theo is the most moti-vated person I have ever worked with.’’ He said that Theo’s desire to improve his life and his appreciation for the littlest things made him stand out. He told Violeta, ‘‘If every person I tried to help had 10% of his motivation, a lot of families would sleep bet-ter at night.’’ Theo was motivated to get better but the system failed him. Theo’s lack of health in-surance prevented him from attending any dual diagnostic programs, especially those out-of-state, which limited his options for treatment. The available programs weren’t able to address Theo’s lack of confidence and ongoing feelings of letting people down. He needed intensive substance abuse treatment and to be properly evaluated for mental health issues. Theo was limited to one thir-ty-day inpatient program and then bounced around to several sober living homes, one of which he was kicked out of for using Facebook. Theo was clean for about seven months when he relapsed. As a consequence, the half-way house where he was staying kicked him out in the middle of the night with a heavy bag of his possessions, no money and no-where to go. Throwing people out of rehab or a sober living house for displaying the very symptom of their disease is nonsensical and dangerous. For Violeta’s son, it was the per-fect storm. Theo was in Florida and his family lived in New York. After he spent two days on the streets, his family found help and sent Theo to a treatment center in South Carolina. At the time, Theo’s mother didn’t know that this facility also admitted drug dealers who were forced by law to be there as part of their probation. Being forced to go to rehab is a very different thing than going will-ingly. In the treatment center, one person who was dealing drugs gave Theo and two other patients drugs for free. The treatment center kicked them out when the drug use was discovered. One week later, Theo was found dead after having used drugs from the same dealer he met at the treatment center. Theo died in a shady motel room. The drug dealer is still on the streets. The current system in the United States for treating people with substance use dis-order is incredibly broken. People are dying from this disease. The numbers are appall-ing—about 47,000 people die from drug over-dose annually. That is more than the number of Americans who are killed in car accidents and gun violence combined. Half of those drug-related deaths are due to opiate drug abuse. There has been a lot of talk, some media attention, but little action to fight this epi-demic which shows no signs of abating. Leg-islation languishes, insurance companies still do not provide the coverage necessary for adequate treatment, and the shame and stigma of addiction continues. Watching a child battle with addiction is like a roller coaster. Parents learn to be hyper-vigilant, living always with fear. Par-ents have hope as well—as long as your child is alive, you have hope that he or she will get better. However, the sound of the phone ringing at night makes your heart sink. Your child’s potential death is always in the back of your mind. That fateful day for Theo finally came on May 17, 2015. Friends flew across the country to be at Theo’s funeral. Incredible sadness about how his death might have been prevented per-meated the air. Because of the embarrass-ment he felt, Theo never asked his friends for help. All Violeta has of Theo are memories and of course his clothes and a few other per-sonal objects. It’s hard to hold a grave mark-er. What she misses most about her son is his affectionate nature, his great sense of humor, and the little things like hearing his feet bouncing up and down the stairs, the smell of his cologne—everything. Children are supposed to bury their par-ents. Parents are not supposed to bury their children. Not a day goes by that Violeta doesn’t think about who her son would have been, what he would look like, his wedding, his children—the bleeding never stops. There will always be an empty chair—empty room—an empty space in every family pic-ture. Time can’t fill the space. Gone is still gone. When you lose a child, nothing is ever the same again. Every facet of your life has a memory of your child. Every room in the house, every trip in the car, a song, a pic-ture, a book, a walk in the park. There is a hole in your heart that will never be filled. You search and search for answers that just aren’t there. To children who hear this story: you are loved and have so much to give to the world. The temptation to abuse any kinds of drugs is very real, but the courage to resist that temptation is also very real. Ask for help. To parents—the advice is this: get in-formed and learn as much as you possibly can about addiction early on. Talk honestly about the risk factors of becoming addicted by experimenting with drugs. Talk about family history of alcohol or substance abuse. Show them your love, no matter what. Death is not a time for blame, it is a time for reflection. We must get loud for the stig-ma and shame to end. In its wake, it is time to speak. It’s time to stop pretending that substance use disorder is a choice and it’s time to stop shaming people who struggle with it. 10/7/1989–5/17/2015 
JOSEPH (JOEY) MARTIN —YUCCA VALLEY , 
CALIFORNIA  Joseph (Joey) Martin was born on October 30, 1990. Growing up, Joey was a happy child. He was very outgoing, he had many friends, and he loved to be around them, his family, and his dog. Whenever Joey walked into a room he always captured the attention of others with his contagious smile and laugh-ter. He loved all outdoor activities and looked forward to the days he and his father would go fishing. He was also passionate about baseball and skateboarding and he was very good at both. Joey was smart, had plans for his future, and had a beautiful heart. Every year he would volunteer at the annual Special Olympics bowling tournaments; he always had a special place in his heart for helping those with special needs. As Joey’s parents, we had high hopes for his future and knew he would succeed in life. Unfortu-nately, his dreams slowly deteriorated as his addiction progressed. At the age of 14 or 15, Joey was caught smoking marijuana. His parents did what any concerned parent would do in this situa-tion: they kept a close eye on him, his friends, and his activities. They thought they were always one step ahead of his addic-tion. Joey’s grades were good and he started playing baseball again. In 2007, Joey and four friends were in a car accident. They were hit head on by a drunk driver, who had been racing on the wrong side of the road. Despite the terrible injuries received, and by God’s grace, everyone lived. The following six years of Joey’s life were spent going from doctor to doctor trying to relieve the source of the pain he had been complaining about. As the years went by, Joey’s need for a more powerful drug grew. His addiction was fueled by doctor prescribed pain medication. When Joey turned 18 years old, he was able to get almost anything he wanted from doc-tors. If Joey ran out or couldn’t get drugs from doctors, he would get them from people he knew. By 19, Joey had a real problem—the need to relieve his pain turned into the need to get high. He spent the next three years in and out of treatment centers and sober liv-ing facilities. In 2012, Joey enrolled into a treatment cen-ter in Loma Linda, CA and was living in the suggested sober home not far away. When Joey was six months clean, he decided he was ready to come back home. We were very hopeful that Joey was finally on track to liv-ing a sober lifestyle. Unfortunately, like many young individuals today, Joey did great until he met with a supplier and re-lapsed. Shortly after his relapse, Joey contacted the previous house manager of the sober liv-ing facility in California and asked if he could go back. Three months later, on Janu-ary 11, 2013, Joey died of an overdose. He was just 22 years old. 
ANTHONY MARTINEZ —GAFFNEY , SOUTH  
CAROLINA  Anthony was set free from his toxic battle with addiction on May 24, 2016. Anthony was his family’s Christmas present—born on De-cember 25, 1987. Anthony yearned for a life of love and peace—a life without pain. Anthony was a lover of music; you could always count on him to know the latest and greatest tracks. He was passionate about cooking and often volunteered to make everyone dinner. When he did, every plate was licked clean. An-thony also loved being outdoors and when-ever he had spare time, you could bet he was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.116 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1674 December 9, 2016 
fishing, hunting or simply enjoying himself in some beautiful place. Anthony always said things straight—he wouldn’t sugar coat a single thing. He was a loyal friend; if you needed his help he would be there no matter what. He knew how to make the most pessimistic person crack a smile. In some ways, Anthony embodied the saying that the saddest soul is the one trying to make everyone else smile. The disease of addiction is a merciless, non-discriminatory devil. The loss of An-thony has created a sore on his family’s heart that will never heal. 
DERRICK MARTTILA —CAPE CORAL , FLORIDA  Derrick grew up in Cape Coral, Florida. From a young age Derrick was very special. He enjoyed playing football, hockey, and ex-celled at karate. However, his biggest pas-sion, which followed him into adulthood, was music. Derrick would write, play and listen to music every day. His mother, Kathlen, proudly watched her son grow up to be a man any mother would be very proud of. Sadly, she also had to watch him so bravely battle the disease of addiction. Derrick would al-ways say he just wanted to be ‘‘normal.’’ On January 16, 2016, Derrick lost his battle to an accidental overdose of heroin laced with Fentanyl. Derrick was 26 years old. Derrick was an incredible person with a huge heart. He loved his family and friends and would do anything for them when they were in need. Derrick was a hard worker that strived to be the best he could possibly be. Derrick was loyal almost to a fault—he never wanted to let anyone down. What is missed most about Derrick, is his larger-than-life personality. He loved to laugh and make others do the same. Derrick had a great sense of humor, complete with a trademark smirk and witty comebacks. He could light up a room with his laughter or suck you into a discussion about his obses-sion with conspiracy theories. Regardless of the occasion he would always keep his family laughing. Kathleen has al-ways been proud of her son and admired his strength in his battle against this horrible disease. f 
HONORING JONATHAN B. JARVIS, THE 18TH DIRECTOR OF THE NA-TIONAL PARK SERVICE 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, today I stand in recognition of Jonathan B. Jarvis, the 18th Di-rector of the National Park Service. Director Jarvis, a native of Virginia, began his career with the National Park Service in 1976 as a seasonal interpreter in Washington, D.C. Today, he manages that agency whose mission is to preserve America’s most treas-ured landscapes and cultural icons. Director Jarvis’s 40-year career has taken him from ranger to resource management spe-cialist to park biologist to superintendent of parks such as Craters of the Moon, North Cascades, Wrangell-St. Elias, and Mount Rainier. Before being confirmed as the 18th Director of the National Park Service on Sep-tember 24, 2009, Mr. Jarvis served as regional director of the bureau’s Pacific West Region. Today, he is responsible for overseeing an agency with more than 22,000 employees, a $3 billion budget, and 413 national parks that attract more than 320 million visitors every year who generate $30 billion in economic benefit across the nation. Director Jarvis has reinvigorated the Na-tional Park Service’s role as an international advocate for protected areas and recognized world leader in cultural and natural resource management. Managing the National Park Service through its centennial in 2016, Director Jarvis has fo-cused on several key areas that are critical for the future: enhancing stewardship of the places entrusted to the Service’s care; maxi-mizing the educational potential of parks and programs; engaging new generations and au-diences, and ensuring the welfare and fulfill-ment of National Park Service employees. Director Jarvis speaks frequently about cli-mate change, sustainability, the outdoors as a source of public health, and the parks as a unifying, inspirational force for the nation. His blueprint for the agency’s second century, A Call to Action, calls for innovative, ambitious, yet practical ways to fulfill the National Park Service’s promise to America in the 21st cen-tury. From a seasonal interpreter in the year of our nation’s bicentennial to the head of an internationally known institution on its 100th birthday, Jarvis has gained a thorough knowl-edge of these great American treasures, the national parks. ‘‘America’s National Park System is a gift from past generations to this and succeeding generations,’’ said Director Jarvis. ‘‘And while the challenges we face today—like climate change, shrinking open space, habitat destruc-tion, non-native species, and air and water pollution—could not have been imagined when this agency was established in 1916, our mis-sion remains the same: to preserve this na-tion’s natural and cultural heritage, unimpaired for the enjoyment of this and future genera-tions.’’ f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 30TH AN-NIVERSARY OF SIERRA HEALTH FOUNDATION 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 30th anniversary of Sierra Health Foundation. As the staff, local partners, and community members gather to celebrate this momentous occasion and the impactful work that has been done in our community over the past 30 years, I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in recognizing this out-standing organization. I know firsthand the incredible impact Sierra Health Foundation has on our community. I have long been a supporter of Sierra Health Foundation and I will continue to offer my sup-port in any way that I can because I believe in their mission to support and elevate partner-ships and programs that improve health and quality of life for underserved communities in Northern California. Since Sierra Health Foundation began grant funding in 1985, they have awarded more than $97 million in cash grants to 1,004 nonprofit organizations and public agencies. Today, Si-erra Health Foundation’s funding region in-cludes 26 counties in Northern California. The programs funded by Sierra Health Foundation in these counties address important issues such as racial and health equity and juvenile justice. Sierra Health Foundation has been a dedicated and forward-thinking leader in changing the landscape of Northern California for the better; from implementing the Afford-able Care Act to pushing forward efforts to im-prove outcomes for young men and boys of color in our region. Mr. Speaker, as Sierra Health Foundation and esteemed members of the community gather to celebrate their 30th anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring 30 years of service to our region. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GINA ARGENTO 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Gina Argento, who was honored for her achieve-ments as part of Women’s History Month. Ms. Argento is President of Broadway Stages, one of New York’s largest film, television, and music production facilities which is located in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. Ms. Argento and her brother, Tony, opened Broadway Stages in 1983, turning a rundown movie theatre into a sound stage. Over the past 32 years, Broadway Stages has ex-panded both its physical size and capabilities. Broadway Stages now has over half a million square feet of space with 38 state-of-the-art stages and support facilities. Offering full serv-ice film, television, photography and music production facilities, Broadway Stages has served an extensive list of hit movies and tele-vision shows including ‘‘The Good Wife,’’ ‘‘Blue Bloods,’’ ‘‘Mr. Robot,’’ ‘‘Madam Sec-retary,’’ ‘‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’’ ‘‘Limit-less,’’ ‘‘Broad City,’’ ‘‘Unforgettable,’’ and ‘‘Master of None,’’ in addition to commercials, print and music videos. Broadway Stages has facilities in Brooklyn and Queens and is cur-rently in the process of building a 69-acre fa-cility in Staten Island. Under Ms. Argento’s leadership, Broadway Stages has exhibited an unparalleled commit-ment towards the local community in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. In addition to creating hundreds of local jobs, Broadway Stages helps neighboring residents, small businesses, and community-based organizations. Broad-way Stages has donated food, equipment, and additional resources to local soup kitchens, partnered with the McGolrick Park Neighbor-hood Alliance to clean up the beloved park lo-cated in the center of Greenpoint and hosted family-friendly neighborhood block parties dur-ing the summer. Most recently, Broadway Stages joined the television show ‘‘Blue Bloods’’ and CBS to give $25,000 to the fami-lies of NYPD officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu who were brutally murdered in Brooklyn. Ms. Argento is also committed to supporting young people. Broadway Stages provided new audio equipment to St. Stanislaus Kostka Catholic Academy, sponsored a 5 Boro Bas-ketball team for teens, created a ‘‘Green Science Week’’ at PS110, and partnered with community organizations to hold a local ‘‘Schoolfest’’ fair for students and their fami-lies. Broadway Stages also funded the SYS-TEM Teen Summer Program, which provides 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.117 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1675 December 9, 2016 
high school students the opportunity to partici-pate in hands-on activities focused on green technology, engineering, gardening, and com-munity service. Broadway Stages is an incredible commu-nity partner that is committed to building a strong and environmentally sustainable future. Under Ms. Argento’s leadership, Broadway Stages has become a model of the way pri-vate industry can champion energy sustain-ability and environmentally-sound community development. By installing 50,000 square feet of solar photovoltaic systems on the roofs of 7 of its sound stages, Broadway Stages cre-ated the world’s first solar powered sound stage and the largest private solar power in-stallation in New York State. The solar roofs have offset 30 percent of Broadway Stage’s annual electricity consumption. Broadway Stages also created an organic vegetable farm called ‘‘Eagle Street Rooftop,’’ located on top of a warehouse in Greenpoint. The 6,000 square foot rooftop farm features a variety of educational and volunteer programs and a farmer’s market during the growing season. Broadway Stages is also involved in cleaning up a Brownfield site at 359 Kingsland Avenue. Ms. Argento has worked with YMCA Greenpoint, Boy Scouts of America, Kings County Democratic Club, Greenpoint Chamber of Commerce, Solar One, and EWVIDCO, an advocacy organization for industrial busi-nesses in Greenpoint. Ms. Argento is a loving mother to her three sons, John, Anthony, and Paul. She and her husband, John Ciafone, make an incredible team. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the remarkable work of Gina Argento, a successful businesswoman, envi-ronmentalist, and fantastic neighbor. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, on December 1, 2016, I inadvertently recorded a vote of ‘‘Yea’’ on H.R. 6392—Systemic Risk Designation Im-provement Act of 2016 (Roll Call no. 599). I oppose H.R. 6392, and my vote should be re-corded as ‘‘Nay’’. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JANE EDWARD 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to honor Dr. Jane Edward for her years of compassionate advocacy and tireless work to advocate for the African Diaspora, es-pecially in higher education. Dr. Jane Edward was born and raised in Southern Sudan. She was educated in Sudan, Egypt, and Canada. Her early years of school-ing were completed in Sudan where she ob-tained a BA in Education from the University of Juba in Southern Sudan in 1986. She was the first to attend a college and the first to ob-tain a Doctoral Degree in her family. Dr. Ed-ward left Sudan for Egypt in 1992 to pursue her graduate studies at the American Univer-sity in Cairo after receiving a Ford Foundation Scholarship. She completed her Masters De-gree in Sociology/Anthropology at the Amer-ican in Cairo in 1996. Unable to return to Sudan due to the civil war, she emigrated from Egypt to Canada in 1997; where she joined the University of Toronto, and com-pleted her Ph.D. in Sociology in Education in 2004. She moved from Canada to the United States of America in 2005. Dr. Jane Edward is married to Prof. Amir Idris of Fordham University, and they have two children: Amanawil and Bawila. She is cur-rently a Clinical Assistant Professor and Direc-tor of African Immigration Research, in the De-partment of African and African American Studies, Fordham University, Rose Hill Cam-pus in the Bronx. She published a book titled, Sudanese Women Refugees: Transformations and Future Imaginings, New York: Palgrave Macmillan 2007, and several book chapters, journal and opinion articles, as well as re-search reports. Her unwavering interest for learning and pursuit of higher education is inspired by her parents, who recognized the importance of education for all their children regardless of their gender. Additionally, her personal experi-ences growing up in South Sudan and observ-ing the experiences of other women, gave Dr. Edward the motivation and encouragement to continue with her education, and to recognize the significance of women’s education. These experiences of schooling, teaching and re-searching African and South Sudanese wom-en’s issues in the diaspora and in conflict and post conflict situations have further afforded Dr. Edward a realization that Africans in gen-eral and women in particular need to write about their experiences and history from their own perspectives. As an advocate for women’s rights, she has been involved with the Non-Governmental Or-ganizations (NGOs) Forum of the United Na-tions International Conference on Population and Development (ICPD), held in Cairo Egypt in 1994; and the NGOs forum on women in China’s Huairou City, a parallel conference of NGOs to the Fourth World Conference on Women held in Beijing China in September 1995. In the summer of 2006, Dr. Edward launched the African Immigration Research as part of the larger Bronx African American His-tory Project (BAAHP), to highlight African im-migrants’ histories, experiences and contribu-tions to the history of the Bronx County. The main objective of the study is to examine the situation of African immigrants in the Bronx with an aim of capturing their varied experi-ences. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Dr. Jane Edward for her consistently remarkable dedication to higher education and the African Diaspora. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF DR. SUSAN WALSH 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of Dr. Susan Walsh. Dr. Walsh is retiring as Acting President of Merced College after a long and distinguished career in higher education. Dr. Walsh’s career is one marked by excellence through hard work, and her undertakings have refined the learning and administrative environment of Merced College. It is no surprise that as an accomplished ed-ucator, Dr. Walsh has invested a great deal of time into her own education. Dr. Walsh has earned five separate degrees, with an Associ-ate’s degree in Arts from Merced College, a Bachelors of Arts in English, a Certificate of Management, and a Doctorate of Education from the University of California, Davis, and a Masters in Library Science from San Jose State. Dr. Walsh served as a Librarian in Stanislaus and Yolo Counties, and has spent the rest of her tenure at Merced College in a variety of roles. Dr. Walsh served as the Di-rector of the Learning Resources Center for over 31 years, but has intermittently served as the Co-Interim Associate Vice President for Technology and Institutional Research, Interim Vice President of Instruction, Accreditation Li-aison Officer, and Acting President during her time at Merced College. The course of Dr. Walsh’s career has earned her reception of a breadth of awards and honors, the full list of which would take more time to read than we have here today. In the last 12 years, however, Dr. Walsh has been recognized as the Woman of the Year by the Greater Merced Chamber of Com-merce, Merced County Chamber of Com-merce, the Business and Professional Women of Merced, and California State Senator An-thony Canella. It is both fitting and appropriate that someone who exemplifies the positive val-ues and work ethic of an educator has re-ceived such a title from so many reputable in-stitutions. Dr. Walsh’s steadfast commitment to listen to, speak for, and preside over the students and administration of Merced College has been essential to developing and maintaining a strong, positive image for the school, and her presence will be deeply missed. We hope that the next chapter of her life can be as ful-filling as the previous ones have been. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the career and achieve-ments of Dr. Susan Walsh. Her strong voice as an advocator and administrator has been deeply felt for those that have walked the path offered by Merced College, and it is my hope that she can bring such positive change to anything she chooses to involve herself with in the future. f 
HONORING OFFICER GREG SANCHEZ 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Greg Sanchez, whom I have named a 2016 Public Safety Hero of the Year for Contra Costa County in California’s 5th Congressional District. This award is given to exceptional members of our community who perform beyond their duty as a public servant. Officer Sanchez joined the Hercules Police Department in 2008 and currently works as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.120 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1676 December 9, 2016 
patrol officer. He previously worked as a School Resource Officer at the Hercules Mid-dle and High Schools where he made sure our students had a safe learning environment and acted as a mentor to countless students. As a leader on school safety, Officer Sanchez trained faculty and staff at all Hercules Schools on how to respond in the event of an active shooter on campus. His greatest accomplishments have ad-dressed the relations between law enforce-ment officers and the people of Hercules. De-spite budget cuts, Officer Sanchez has helped organize many community engagement pro-grams, including the Back to School Backpack program that provides school supplies for low income students. He also coordinates with Neighbor Watch groups and leads the Citizen Police Academy, where residents can learn about law enforcement and disaster prepared-ness. Mr. Speaker, I thank Officer Sanchez for his dedication to our community’s safety. For this reason, it is fitting and proper that I honor him here today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SERVICE OF MICHEL MARGOSIS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my good friend Michel Margosis on the occasion of his retirement from the Fairfax County Human Rights Commission after 13 years of dedicated service. I have had the honor of personally knowing Michel for many years and believe that he is a man of great wit, integrity, dignity, and courage. Throughout my tenure on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, and particularly as Chairman, I worked closely with the Human Rights Commission to fight against discrimina-tion wherever it reared its ugly head in our community. Whether it was discrimination in the workplace, the housing market, the school yard or anywhere else, we as a community have established a zero-tolerance policy for such abhorrent behavior. That is in no small part due to the efforts of Michel and his fellow commissioners. Michel’s commitment to fighting discrimina-tion and promoting justice and human rights is one which is deeply ingrained in every fiber of his being. As the son of Russian Jews living in Belgium at the time of its invasion by the Nazis during World War II, Michel along with his family were forced to flee to Southern France where they were detained as refugees, but managed to escape. This long and difficult odyssey led them to France then through the Pyrenees Mountains into Spain. He remem-bers the long, perilous journey, during which the family had to avoid capture and survive the constant bombing and strafing happening all around them as war engulfed the European continent. Sadly, the family became separated during the journey and Michel later traveled to the United States—one of more than 1,400 unaccompanied minors that arrived from Eu-rope—where he lived with a foster family. Not until some years later were all family members reunited in America. They were among the few lucky survivors of the Holocaust. While most individuals would take time to reflect on such a harrowing ordeal, Michel wanted to give back to the country that had provided him and his family safe haven. After earning a college degree in chemistry, he de-cided to utilize his multi-lingual fluency and joined the U.S. Army in 1952. He was de-ployed to Europe as an interpreter, though he would also serve as a medical corpsman. He was honorably discharged from the Army in 1954 as a Private First Class. Upon his return to the United States, he earned a master’s de-gree in chemistry in evening school and pur-sued further studies in Florida. He retired in 1990 from federal government service after serving as a senior chemist with the Food and Drug Administration. Eight years later, Michel moved to the Greenspring community in Springfield where he still lives and has served as the head of the Democratic Club as well as facilitator of the French Conversation Group. As someone who has borne witness to some of the darkest moments of humanity, Michel knows that we must never forget the honors of the Holocaust or sit idly by while others are persecuted. Since 1993, he has volunteered his time at the U.S. Holocaust Museum, working in the Speakers Bureau and sharing his experiences. In 2003, he was ap-pointed to the Human Rights Commission of Fairfax County where he has continued his ef-forts to advance the causes of equality for all. During his tenure on the HRC, he led the campaign for the creation of a Holocaust Day of Remembrance in Fairfax County and has advocated for similar remembrances at the state and national level. It is this aspect of Michel’s character that I perhaps admire most: his desire to use history as a tool not only from which to learn the les-sons taught by our past failings but also to teach future generations of those failings to ensure that they are not repeated. Our human history is filled with unpleasant and dark chap-ters and the temptation is all too often to bury those chapters for the pain they cause. That impulse is of course understandable, espe-cially in the case of monstrosities such as the Holocaust. Michel has made it his mission in life to ensure that this particular monstrosity is never forgotten and, most importantly, never repeated. Only by acknowledging that injus-tices have occurred can we begin the process of healing the wounds they created and guard-ing against similar tragedies in the future. Mr. Speaker, our community and our Nation have been made better by the life and pres-ence of Michel Margosis. While he may be of-ficially stepping down from the Human Rights Commission, I have no doubt that he will con-tinue to be engaged in our community and in the cause of human rights that is so dear to him. I ask my colleagues to join me in com-mending Michel for his many years of service and for enriching the lives of all around him. I wish him many years of health, happiness and continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. JUSTEN HUMMEL —LOUISVILLE , KENTUCKY  Justen Hummel passed away on August 9, 2014. Justen was a very compassionate and loving son. He was dedicated to his family and friends; always making the time to help whenever it was needed. Justen could strike up a conversation and befriend anyone he met; therefore, he never met a stranger. When Justen was just a little boy, he discovered a passion for fishing. You would always see him carrying around his pole to fish anywhere that there was a body of water. Justen was also very intelligent and had a creative mind—always thinking and eager to create something new. After having to undergo surgery for a Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infection, Justen was prescribed liq-uid morphine to combat the pain. Con-sequently, Justen’s drug use escalated to a new level, and he later transitioned to heroin as an alternative. His mother could see Justen struggling so much to overcome his battle with addiction. It totally broke her heart. She tried so hard to help him. Justen is so dearly missed. 
RYAN WAYNE JACKSON —OWENSVILLE , OHIO Ryan Wayne Jackson was born on Decem-ber 6, 1987. Growing up, Ryan was a spirited child—always doing something and always on the go. He enjoyed collecting things and had several collections of anything and ev-erything. Despite being diagnosed with ADHD, Ryan was a tremendous student in school; receiv-ing A’s and B’s with perfect attendance until the 6th grade. Ryan also set a couple athletic records in elementary school, which are still held by him today. Middle school was when things started to change for Ryan. He tried out for the basket-ball team but didn’t make it; this was a major blow for him. In addition, Ryan had a few other issues that began to arise. He was prescribed medication for his ADHD and his classmates started asking to buy his medi-cine from him. This was also around the time Ryan first tried marijuana. Ryan later received his degree as a me-chanic. Around ten years ago Ryan was in a serious traffic accident, causing him signifi-cant pain in his back. Afterwards he was pre-scribed medication to help with the pain. For some time, Ryan seemed to do fairly well managing the pain without medication. About seven years ago, Ryan started dat-ing someone he previously went to school with—this was the beginning of the end for him. The couple had two little girls. During this time Ryan lost custody of his stepson to the boy’s father, and later lost his own fa-ther tragically. Ryan’s life was spiraling out of control. He lost his jobs, his cars, his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.124 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1677 December 9, 2016 
house—essentially everything he owned. In the end, Ryan was homeless and in trouble with the law. Ryan tried to get back into his daughters’ lives and was 30 days clean. He was working full time and was in the process of going to see a counselor. The night Ryan overdosed it was his pay-day; the temptation was too great for him to suppress. On May 6, 2016, Ryan’s grand-mother found him unresponsive at 8 a.m. Ryan had a gigantic heart. He loved hard and fully. Ryan had a beautiful smile, a con-tagious laugh, and was a hard worker. Ryan always loved his family. His family miss him deeply. 
KEVIN ALAN JOHNSON —BLOOMINGTON , INDIANA  Kevin entered this world on March 20, 1983. Growing up, Kevin was always on the go. He was a great student. School was easy for him, yet Kevin never seemed to find what it was he was meant to do with his life. Kevin was the kind of person who never saw a stranger—he could make anyone feel com-fortable in any circumstance. He was caring, compassionate and had the biggest heart. Kevin would have done anything for anyone. He was intelligent, much too intelligent to have died this way. Kevin was a fun-loving big guy, with a wonderful smile, and who loved his family and friends. It didn’t matter who you were, when Kevin would leave he would gave you a big hug. He loved music, reading, playing video games, and cooking; he could make the most delicious meals. Kevin loved the out-doors, especially camping and spending time around campfires with his family and friends. His mother knew that Kevin experimented with drugs in high school, maybe as early as middle school. She thought it was behavior that he would outgrow of; never realizing how far it had gone and what a hold it had on him. Kevin suffered terrible back pain from two failed surgeries and was due for a third—all at the young age of 25. It was after Kevin’s first surgery that brought the begin-ning of his drug abuse; which spiraled from there with each attempt to find something that would relieve the pain, but Kevin could not find any peace. When speaking with Kevin once about his addiction, he told his mother-that he did not feel normal without the drugs; he could not function. What Kevin loved the most in life was his son. He was in awe that he had created such a beautiful little person. He was Kevin’s world, his reason to get up every day and try again. This sweet little boy who will never know how much his daddy loved him, how hard he tried for him. For if Kevin only knew he would never have left him. Kevin died October 9, 2008, of an accidental overdose. Earlier that evening he had at-tended a Narcotics Anonymous meeting. His family’s lives were forever changed. They think of Kevin and miss him every day. 
PHILLIP KEENE —CEDAR BLUFF , VIRGINIA  Samantha Keene lost her husband, Phillip, on August 22, 2015 to an accidental Fentanyl overdose; eight days after his 42nd birthday, two weeks after their daughter’s third birth-day, and a month after their last wedding anniversary. Their nine year old son found Phillip in his office, face down. When he came and told Samantha, ‘‘Mom, Dad is sleeping in the floor,’’ she knew exactly what had happened. He thought Phillip was sleep-ing because of that sounds he was making— it sounds like snoring. Phillip left Samantha with three kids ages nine, six, and three, with another on the way. She was 12 weeks pregnant at the time but had a miscarriage two weeks later. Samantha’s world has been turned inside out. It’s like I’m fighting to get out of a water filled balloon but there is no way out. Phillip was a news reporter and had worked for the paper for ten years. No one knew Phillip had relapsed—not his mom, his boss, the county supervisors that he talked to reg-ularly, the many people at the courthouse that he saw on a daily basis. No one knew but his wife. ‘‘I deal with the guilt of not doing enough before it was too late. Even in his last mo-ments, did I do enough? Yes I did. I couldn’t save him. I could not save the man I loved. My husband. My Protector.’’ ZAFER KIESA —ARLINGTON , VIRGINIA  Zafer Kiesa died on April 13, 2016, from an accidental heroin overdose. He was 19 years old—just months away from his 20th birth-day. Zafer, affectionately know as ‘‘Z,’’ was a beloved son, brother to three siblings, and friend to many. Z was a sophomore at the University of Colorado, where he was known as an adven-turer, traveler and explorer, who sought out thrills whenever possible. He was an avid tennis player and loved to skateboard, hike, kayak, and follow his favorite sports teams. He liked to begin where the chair lift ended— he’d carry his skis higher up the mountain in search of an untouched backcountry run. Many of his finest selfies come from his treasured mountain explorations in Colo-rado. Z was the ‘‘connector’’ in his family; he al-ways made sure to reach out after going too long without checking in. It was second na-ture to him to send a text, email, or even a handwritten note just to remind people that he cared. We used to joke that Z paid more attention grooming his emails to Grandma than he did on his papers for school. On the night of April 13th, Z tried heroin. He bought it for $7.00 a hit. Z went to sleep and never woke up. His family’s pain, shock and grief upon losing Z is one story among many that evidence the public health crisis facing this country. Heroin use has more than doubled among young adults in the past decade. Even though the lives of his family have been forever changed by Zafer’s death, his spirit and energy will live on within each of them and through the good they contribute to this world. Their hope is that by sharing Zafer’s story, and telling the truth about his death, they may be able to save another life. 
JEFF KLIK —UTICA , MICHIGAN  Jeff Klik was a beautiful boy: sweet, kind, loving, smart, artistic, talented. He loved making music, snowboarding and developing his own photographs. Jeff was a smart child and learned quickly. At the same time, he was sensitive and had a way with others. He always seemed to befriend the kids in school that no one else would talk to. Like many of us, Jeff made some bad choices. When he chose heroin, his love for life disappeared. Jeff’s mother found mari-juana in his room when he was mid-high school. At the time she had no idea that this would start their family down the ugly road that was to come. Jeff was enrolled in an accelerated pro-gram for high-achievers in high school. When his grades started dropping he told his moth-er, it was ‘‘just too hard’’ for him. Therefore, he dropped out of the program, graduated and headed off to college. As Jeff’s first year away from home went by, his grades dropped and the things he said weren’t adding up. Something was wrong. One day, his mother got a call at the hos-pital where she work, saying that Jeff was downstairs. Panicking, she ran down to the ER. Car accident? Appendicitis? No—a drug overdose. As Jeff came out of his drugged stupor, he said ‘‘I want to kill myself.’’ He was then ad-mitted to a local mental hospital. The two weeks he spent there were a nightmare—he worked the system expertly. At a counseling session he threw a chair against a wall. He didn’t cooperate. They put him on antipsychotic medication. He didn’t follow the rules when he came home either, and eventually his mother kicked him out be-cause the situation became dangerous for ev-eryone under that roof. Jeff overdosed again but his mother didn’t know about it until she got the ambulance bills. He came to live with his mother again, and seemed to be doing better. He was going to outpatient counseling daily and his moth-er thought—‘‘Hey, it’s finally working!’’—be-fore things started to get bad again. Jeff’s behavior was erratic, he wasn’t doing any of his favorite activities anymore and he al-ways ‘‘had to work.’’ He signed himself into a treatment center but got kicked out the next day for smoking a cigarette. It was New Year’s Eve. He missed Easter dinner, a movie date, his Grandma’s birthday, etc. His mother went to see him at work once and he was in the bath-room for a long time. When he walked out he looked sick—his face was pale and broken out, his eyes were glassy. After giving Jeff a drug test, that lit up like a Christmas tree, his dad set an ultimatum: ‘‘it’s either rehab or you’re out of this house.’’ Jeff admitted himself to treatment again. It was April 4, 2015. After getting through detox Jeff was doing well. On April 21st, he was discharged—clean and happy—to a sober living house close to home. On April 29th, Jeff didn’t show up for work and when his Dad went to the house looking for him, he found his son—dead. All of Jeff’s beloved cameras were found in a local pawn shop. My Jeff died of an overdose of Heroin/Fentanyl. TODD LESCARBEAU —SAINT PAUL , MINNESOTA  Todd Lescarbeau is and always will be his sister’s big brother, best friend for 40 years, protector, confidant, and so much more. On January 3, 1970, the sun rose, and Todd graced the world with his presence. Todd al-ways lived his life to the fullest, with no fears and few regrets, until the sun set for him and all who loved him on March 6, 2012. Todd was a fun, loving, protective and gentle father, brother, son, husband, uncle, nephew, cousin and friend to all that were lucky enough to know him. His addiction began like so many others—with prescrip-tion drugs. Todd suffered from severe back problems and was prescribed opioids for the extreme pain he endured. His back issues led to various surgeries over the years, and un-fortunately none of them were able to cure his back problems or completely remove the pain. Todd was a hard working man with integ-rity, loyalty, and a ton of love to give. Todd was well known at a very young age as an outstanding drummer. Although he spent countless hours practicing the drums, it was obvious to everyone that Todd was a natural. Drumming and music were two of his biggest passions in life. Everyone who loved Todd will never forget the impact he had on them and the world. He fought very hard to overcome his addiction, spending time in quite a few various treat-ment programs. Unfortunately, most insur-ance companies only allow up to 30 days of treatment which was an insufficient amount for Todd’s case. Todd’s struggle with the disease of addic-tion is what ultimately claimed his life. Life will never be the same without him here—his family miss him every minute of every day. 
JAMESON TANNER LINDEMANN —LARAMIE , 
WYOMING  Jameson Tanner Lindemann, also known as ‘‘J.T.,’’ was born on January 14, 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.126 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1678 December 9, 2016 
From the moment he was born, J.T. had a twinkle in his eye that let everyone know: ‘‘Look out world, get ready for me!’’ Growing up, J.T. loved little league baseball and was a pretty good player. He would hit home runs and then casually run all the bases—it seemed much more important to him to have fun than being seriously competitive about the game. School was much the same way for J.T.. He would use his smile and eyes to talk his way out of doing homework, but somehow man-aged to remain the teacher’s favorite. J.T. was a talented musician, singer, song-writer. He taught himself how to play the drums and guitar. Composing lyrics came naturally to him and was always writing new verses or ideas down on fast food napkins and scraps of paper. You could always find J.T. sitting outside singing and playing his guitar, playing his drums in the basement, or jamming at friends’ homes and local music stores. After about a year of struggling with ad-diction, J.T.’s body could no longer handle the abuse, shame and sadness. He passed on September 13, 2007. As J.T. continues his new adventure, he is greatly missed by family and friends and will be remembered by all who knew him as a free spirit; the spark that lit up a room with his smile and fun loving ways, a loving son and brother, caring fa-ther, and a friend and helper to all who were lucky enough to be touched by his life. 
RICHARD THOMAS LONG , JR.—CANTON , ILLINOIS  Richard was his mother’s firstborn and only son, born on February 22, 1986. He was known to many as ‘‘Jr.’’ and ‘‘Duney.’’ Jr. was smart and a computer buff. Growing up in Canton, Illinois, he enjoyed listening to metal music, mastering video games, fishing, swimming, and teasing Ms younger sister, Jessica. Jr. loved spending time with his family; he had two boys, Ethan (age 13) and Sabestian (age 2). They were his pride and joy. He abso-lutely loved watching Ethan play baseball. Jr. started using drugs in high school and battled an opiate addiction from that time until his death. Richard Thomas Long Jr. lost his 13-year battle to opiate addiction on February 8, 2015. 
APRIL LOUIS —BUMPASS , VIRGINIA  April was a loving soul with a huge heart. She was drawn to and good at helping others but she just didn’t know how to help herself. April’s smile lit up any room and her bubbly laughter was sweet music to her mother’s ears. The happiest day of April’s life was when her daughter was born. April had been told that she wouldn’t be able to have chil-dren and when she found out she was preg-nant, her mother hoped April would finally be encouraged to get help for her substance use disorder. Unfortunately, April’s daughter was born addicted to drugs and had to been weaned off with medication. To protect her grandaughter, April’s mother had to take her granddaughter away from her own daughter. April loved her little girl, but her-oin loved April more. April battled addiction for over seven years. During that time, she was in and out of treatment facilities, drug courts, and jail. Sadly, April spent the last 18 months of her life incarcerated. When she came home, she seemed determined and positive about her life to come. For the first time in many years April’s mother had hope, faith, and trust in her daughter. She also wasn’t afraid anymore when her phone rang. But just three weeks after April was released from jail, April’s mother got that phone call, the one call par-ents fear the most—April had died from an overdose of pure fentanyl and was found on the floor of the bedroom at her grand-mother’s house. April died on March 12, 2014. She was 30 years old and her daughter she left behind was only four. The hardest thing April’s mother ever had to do was to tell a four- year-old that her mommy had died and what that meant. April’s mother loves and misses her beautiful daughter every day. Her whole family misses April and they will for the rest of their lives. KEVIN ‘‘KEV’’ CAROTENUTO —PROSPECT PARK , 
PENNSYLVANIA  Kevin ‘‘Kev’’ Carotenuto was born on May 3, 1993. By the time Kevin got to middle school, he was a talented athlete and very involved in sports, however, school just didn’t click for him. Kev started showing signs of ADHD very early on. His mother tried to get him an Individualized Education Program (IEP) but was denied, so she put him in counseling. Kev turned to drugs to cope with the stress of his struggles. Kev was arrested shortly after his 18th birthday for robbery of three houses in his family’s neighborhood. He didn’t commit the crimes alone, but wouldn’t snitch on his friends. He received an 18 month sentence in county prison and $30,000 in restitution. Both Kevin’s parents visited him and put money on his books the entire time he was in pris-on. Six months after his release, Kev started using heroin. He was in and out of countless treatment facilities until he was sent back to jail in February of 2015. Kev was caught using heroin in a public bathroom and was arrested for violating probation. He was sen-tenced to seven months in county jail. Kev was released the Monday before Thanksgiving to a local halfway house. He was put on blackout for seven days and then was allowed to go out for four hours at a time. Kevin worked for the newspaper union as an extra so he would call in daily for work. The Thursday after Thanksgiving Kevin was booked for an 11 pm to 5 am shift. Kev told the halfway house that he had work but proceeded to contact a cellie from jail who came to pick him up. When Kev ar-rived back at the halfway house he tested hot for suboxone. He was kicked out imme-diately and the halfway house never notified his family. Kevin was on the streets for a week before he came clean with his mother. Kev said it was time for him to be a man and he would get himself to rehab. He was approved for 26 days of treatment. Seven days before his release, Kev’s mother re-quested a family meeting with his counselor. The counselor informed her that on Monday the aftercare specialist was going to have a conference call between Kev, herself and the counselor. Monday came and went and no call, so Kev’s mother started leaving mes-sages with the counselor. She called every-day and left messages—no response. January 7, 2016, came around and Kev said, ‘‘Ma, come get me, I got my coin.’’ Off she went to pick him up. He came home so happy and ready to stay clean. He went to proba-tion the next day where he asked the proba-tion officer (PO) to see him twice a week to keep him honest, which the PO did for one week. The following week the PO told Kev he didn’t have time to see him so often. The PO ordered Kev to complete IOP, so on January 8th he called and was told the first opening was 22 days away. Kevin went 22 days with no treatment except for NA meetings and a bible study group of men in recovery. On the 29th of January Kev went to IOP for his evaluation and when he came out he said, ‘‘All good, my first session is on February 1st.’’ On February 1st Kev’s mother woke up and went into Kev’s room and found him sit-ting on the side of the bed with his head in his hands and his hoodie on. She said his name two times and got no response. She then called 911. When she went to touch Kevin’s shoulder, his stiff body fell to the floor. His mother saw the needle 1/2 full of clear liquid. She went to move his hoodie to get to his neck to check his pulse and all she saw was the side of his face—purple and cold. He was dead. A mother’s worst fear comes true. Kev passed away on February 2, 2016, from an overdose of poisoned heroin. f 
TRIBUTE TO NICK’S RESTAURANT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Nick’s Restaurant of Des Moines, Iowa, for being recognized for serving Iowa’s 2016 Best Breaded Pork Tenderloin by the Iowa Pork Producers Association (IPPA). The designation has been bestowed on one lucky Iowa restaurant each year since 2002. This honor was one owner Nick Iaria has worked for since he opened his doors, he told the Iowa Pork Producers Association. They chose Nick’s Restaurant over 384 Iowa busi-nesses because of its unique taste. Nick’s tenderloins are prepared in ‘‘queen’’ and ‘‘king’’ size, and are known for their made-to- order quality. The pork tenderloin is freshly seasoned, floured, battered, breaded and then cooked in a fryer designated only for tenderloins. Nick’s serves over 1,000 tenderloins every week. Mr. Speaker, I commend Nick’s Restaurant for receiving this distinguished designation. Their dedication to frying the perfect pork patty has put smiles on the faces of Iowans all across the state. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Nick’s Restaurant and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF DETECTIVE BENJAMIN EDWARD MARCONI 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Detective Benjamin Edward Marconi of the San Antonio Police De-partment who was tragically killed in the line of duty on November 20th, 2016. Detective Marconi was born in the City of San Antonio on January 8th, 1966 to James and Minerva Marconi. In the mid-1970s, De-tective Marconi and his family moved to Floresville, Texas, where he lived until he graduated from Floresville High School. After receiving a business degree from Texas A&I– Kingsville, Detective Marconi later joined the San Antonio Police Department, where he served for 20 years. Throughout his life, Detective Marconi was always held in high regard by his family mem-bers, friends and colleagues for his dedication to serving the public as well as his unwavering care and compassion for his family, whom he loved dearly. His friends and family cherished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.127 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1679 December 9, 2016 
his ability to put a smile on anyone’s face, bringing about joy and laughter wherever he went. Detective Marconi’s commitment to pro-tecting the people of San Antonio led to his distinguished career in law enforcement as a member of the Special Victims Unit for SAPD. A decorated police officer, he had the distinct honor and privilege of assuming the rank of Detective in Major Crimes. His passion for serving the community is an example that each of us should strive to follow. Detective Marconi is survived by his son, Dane Marconi; grandson Mason Marconi; stepdaughter Jacy Lewis; brother Tom Mar-coni and wife Diana, their sons, Adam and An-drew Marconi, and their grand-daughter, Anastazia Zamora Marconi; sister Debbie Saldan˜a and husband Danny and their sons, Ross Gonzales Jr. and Nick Saldan ˜a, their daughter, Danielle Saldan˜a, and their grand-daughter, Hailey Gonzales; sister Terri Mar-coni McKnight and her son, Blake Kirkland; and numerous aunts, uncles, and cousins. The legacy of Detective Marconi lives on through the kindness and compassion that he shared with those who surrounded him. His dedication to the people of San Antonio will be remembered throughout the greater Bexar County community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to remember the legacy of Detective Benjamin Marconi. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 103RD BIRTH-DAY OF MRS. EDNA HALL RILEY WALKER 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Edna Hall Riley Walker of Riv-iera Beach, Florida, who on December 23rd will turn 103 years young. Mrs. Walker, one of Florida’s over four thousand centenarians, is a lifelong resident of Wakulla County. Mrs. Walker continues to follow an incred-ible journey through life and has seen drastic changes in the world since she was born in 1913. Mrs. Walker was born the middle child of three in Shadeville, Florida. She started a family with Herbert Riley and had three chil-dren: Anthony, Allan, and Ianthia. Working as a Master Seamstress since the 1950s, Mrs. Walker deeply understands the value of hard work. Mrs. Walker to this day is still an active member of her community, still a faithful serv-ant of God, and still sharp as a tack. She is a deep believer in the golden rule, and often tells people she meets, ‘‘I would do you right before I would ever do you wrong. It’s so im-portant to do unto others as you want them to do unto you. That’s what Jesus said.’’ These days, Mrs. Walker often travels throughout the United States to see her many children and grandchildren. Her descendants have flown far and wide, from New York to Texas, a testament to her wide-reaching leg-acy. She most enjoys reading and playing games with her grandchildren and great grandchildren. Clearly, Edna Riley Walker is still leaving her mark. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to ac-knowledge this incredible woman on her many accomplishments in life and to wish her a very happy 103rd birthday. f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
ROBERT AND ERIC FRANKLIN —CEDARBURG , 
WISCONSIN  The Franklin family had two beautiful, talented and very much loved sons, both who died in 2012 from heroin overdoses. They both are so very missed. Life is just not as full as it should be. Their loss has forever changed their family’s lives. The Franklin’s youngest child, Robert Franklin, was born November 10, 1987 and died April 22, 2012. At six foot five, he was a gentle giant. Everyone loved Robert; he was funny and a born leader. In high school, Rob-ert had gotten himself into trouble and was arrested for being in possession of two pounds of marijuana at the age of 17. As his parents, they were shocked that he had been messing with that quantity of marijuana. As a result, before Robert turned 18 years old he was labeled a felon. Drugs became Robert’s escape; he shouldn’t have needed to escape, he had a great childhood and was well liked by everyone. From there, things went quick-ly downhill. Robert spent much of his young adult life in prison or jail. Robert didn’t seem to know how to stop using, and his family didn’t fully understand what he was going through. Then he found the drug Oxycontin. Robert died at the age of 24. As Neil Young once said, ‘‘Twenty four and there’s so much more’’. Their middle son, Eric, was born February 22, 1986 and died December 21, 2012. He was a happy, smart, handsome, loved, talented and caring person. Eric had so much to live for, so much left to give to the world. He played the guitar and harmonica; writing much of his own music. Eric also had a great voice. Eric worked for his dad as a rough carpenter. He had just met a girl and were early in their relationship, but somehow he still couldn’t get past his addiction. His family knew he wanted to change. Eric even went to a treatment center and did really well for a while. He was only 26 when he died. Both Robert and Eric loved to play the gui-tar and were immensely passionate about all music. Together they started a band called, The Wronged and wrote and recorded several songs. Robert and Eric left behind not only their parents, Patricia and Mike, but also their older brother, Adam and sister in-law, Robin, and their only niece, Taylor. JASON FREBURGER —PASADENA , MARYLAND  On December 23, 2015, Jason Freburger died in his family’s home of a heroin overdose. He was 29 years old. The several years of bat-tling his addiction caused so much pain for Jason, as well as his family. Jason felt shame, remorse, failure and regret. His fam-ily felt lost, horrified, let down, and confused by the lack of available resources and the medical system. Jason was in and out of treatment, jail, IOP, NA meetings and a half-way house. Jason was an electrician for the Board of Education for eight years, and was preparing to get his Master’s license. He was an animal lover, played Xbox, loved fishing, enjoyed music, reading a good book, and building with Mega Legos. Jason would regularly tell his family that he loved them. However, Jason is the product of a family tree that has strong inherited addictive genes and mental illness—many of those struggling with addiction suffer with dual diagnosis, and this resulted in Jason’s demise. Jason was never allowed enough time in any treatment facility for recovery to take hold. Losing his job meant losing his medical insurance. There is no in-patient treatment that covers beyond two weeks with just Med-icaid. After two weeks of treatment, Jason came out clean, but not skilled, not yet strong enough, not able to keep the disease at bay. He was then sent into a halfway house that had no accountability for any of its clients. Jason tried, he tried so hard. He wanted to be drug free; a simple man living a simple life. Jason was a part of the Anne Arundel County Maryland Adult Drug Court Pro-gram. Once-a-month hearings with the judge and once-a-week case manager meetings isn’t enough for some of those struggling with addiction to be successful. His family can’t stop thinking about Jason; loving him, missing him, and needing him in their lives. Jason was a treasure to them all. He was a beloved child. He was a good person and son. He needed help; he asked for it but was only granted snippets of hope that would never lead to solid recovery. Individuals struggling with addiction are our children, spouses, our family. 
MARK C . FUSCIA —VOORHEES , NEW JERSEY  Mark Fuscia passed away to a heroin over-dose on February 12, 2010. Mark was a won-derful, kind, respectable, energetic, intel-ligent and loving person. Our family used to call him the politician because of his out-going and friendly personality with people. At the young age of 14, Mark began experi-menting with drugs. During this time his family thought he was just going through the teenage phase of life, and were unaware Mark had fallen into a strong addiction. He started out with marijuana, then moved to mushrooms, cocaine, pills then heroin. Mark was really good at various sports from a very young age, but was most pas-sionate about baseball, which he played since elementary school up until the end of fresh-man year of high school. Although he did very well in school throughout the years, his family was told by a teacher that Mark was an excellent student but there was concern that he was a follower. Being a follower, Mark decided after finishing baseball in freshman year to quit the team like some of his friends had done. It was just the begin-ning of Mark becoming disinterested in things he previously really enjoyed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.130 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1680 December 9, 2016 
As his addiction began the summer before sophomore year of high school, Mark faced a lot of challenges—including arrests as he sold drugs to support his gradual habit. Dur-ing his senior year of high school, despite all of the ups and downs, Mark had managed to get two partial academic scholarships to col-lege. His family couldn’t have been more proud of him and continued to show support and love, hoping that he would have a bright future ahead of him. Mark tried so hard to overcome his addic-tion and to stay on the straight path, but his addiction was so strong and followed him right to college. His family were always sup-porting him, including trying to help him through these difficult years. They all loved Mark so much and were confident that with their help he would be able to overcome his addiction in time. At the time, Mark’s fam-ily did not fully understand the grasp the disease of substance use disorder has on indi-viduals. 
ANDREW GIBSON —BOSTON , MASSACHUSETTS  Andrew started using drugs in Middle School in his hometown of Billerica, Massa-chusetts. First it was marijuana, which he used in excess (3–4 times a day starting be-fore he went to school). He sold marijuana for many years until he graduated to opi-ates. He started with 30mg Percocets until he discovered that heroin was less expensive. Andrew’s learning disabilities made school difficult for him and he never liked it, but he was successful during his last two years of in a charter high school because of the sup-portive community, teachers and adminis-tration. Andrew graduated in 2012 and never went to college. Andrew loved dirt bikes and did his senior project on the dynamics of dirt bike engines. He also loved cars and was proud of his Acura Integra that he drove to school while blaring the sound system that he had in-stalled himself. Andrew was always looking ‘‘fresh.’’ He took pride in how he presented; he’d clean dirt off of his spotless white sneakers, wipe smudges off mirror sunglasses and sport a crisp haircut. A hat to match the color of his shirt and sneakers. He was well-liked, char-ismatic, respectful, kind and always willing to help a friend. He had difficulty being kind to himself. He was always focusing on his mistakes and dismissing his successes. Andrew relapsed many times and struggled to embrace the 12 Step Program. In 2014, he was charged with possession and trafficking of heroin and was sent to jail. It took being arrested to make him realize how serious his addiction had become. From there Andrew went to a sober house in Portland, Maine, where he learned how to live a substance free life. He got a job as a cook at a local res-taurant, he started to work the 12 Steps, got a sponsor, attended and spoke at meetings, started mental health counseling, joined a gym and was feeling good about himself. He looked and felt great—having gained back some of the weight that he lost when he was using. Andrew passed away in Portland, Maine on April 11, 2015, after a three-year battle with Heroin addiction. He was 21 years young. In his short time on this earth, Andrew helped countless people. Many people have told his family that they wouldn’t be sober or even alive if it weren’t for him. 
JESSICA ELIZABETH GRUBB —CHARLESTON , WEST  
VIRGINIA  Jessica Elizabeth Grubb, second oldest of five sisters, died on March 2, 2016 as a result of oxycodone toxicity. After struggling for many years with the demon that is heroin addiction, Jessica’s mother had hoped and truly believed that Jessica was finally on the clean and sober path to recovery. Jessica’s struggles began during her fresh-man year of college, when she was raped at a party; not telling a soul about the incident for six years. This set the stage for many ag-onizing years of depression, addiction, ano-rexia, and bulimia. Jessica said that heroin was the only thing that, ‘‘made her not care.’’ In the six months prior to Jessica’s death, she was slowly improving and coming back to herself. She had found a city she loved, a job, a supportive community, and was exer-cising a lot. Jessica was running many miles a day, which seemed to be helping her with her anxiety. Unfortunately, due to all of the running, Jessica had a reoccurrence of a bone infec-tions and had to have surgery in February. Jessica’s family panicked. Doctors are too free with prescribing narcotics and many have no idea what these drugs can do to someone who is already struggling with ad-diction. Therefore, Jessica’s family drove six hours to be with Jessica; they wanted to make sure these doctors knew about Jessica’s history of struggling with addic-tion. They made it clear to all nurses and doctors that Jessica was recovering from a heroin addiction and Jessica told them the same thing. But when Jessica’s mother men-tioned this to one of the doctors, he said, ‘‘Shhh!’’ She asked him, ‘‘What are you talk-ing about?’’ The doctor began to tell her that, ‘‘Jessica is such a sweet girl, we don’t want people knowing that.’’ Jessica’s mother was struck dumb by the doctor’s comment. The weather forecast showed an incoming snow storm, so Jessica’s family ended up only staying two days with Jessica, leaving for home after her surgery was complete. They were confident that all would be well; meaning, Jessica would not be prescribed any narcotics. That afternoon the doctors put Jessica on an IV containing oxycodone, reawakening her addiction. They then sent her home with 50 oxycodone pills and a peripherally in-serted central catheter (PICC or PIC line). The next day Jessica’s family tried calling her multiple times, as did her sisters. Jessica was supposed to be the maid of honor in her oldest sister’s wedding. They even were send-ing her pictures of dresses. They received no response from Jessica. Jessica’s family panicked and called the local sheriffs department and they proceeded to conduct a police welfare check on Jessica. Jessica was found dead. Eight of the 50 pre-scribed oxycodone pills were gone. On March 2nd, Jessica became one of the 129. SHAWNA GURULE —DENVER , COLORADO  On May 25, 1990, Shawna’s mother was blessed with having the most beautiful daughter. Shawna was the cutest baby—fat and chubby, and hardly ever cried. From an early age, Shawna was full of life. When she was older, she was a cheerleader and loved playing volleyball, singing and dancing. Shawna was passionate about hairstyling and was great at it—she would do all her girlfriend’s hair for special occasions. Shawna’s mother dealt with her daughters struggles with addiction for years; beginning around 13 or 14 years old, when she was in-troduced to prescription pills. Consequently, Shawna’s behavior started to change, affect-ing their relationship. Shawna was no longer the baby girl that her mother knew, she was someone else. Over the years, Shawna tried to clean up her act, not only for her own well-being, but for her newborn son. In 2015, she was intro-duced to heroin by the boyfriend she was liv-ing with. Shawna hated how overpowering heroin was; she had little control and felt she could not refrain from using. On January 9, 2016, Shawna’s mother re-ceived the dreaded call; Shawna had overdosed in the boyfriend’s home and was in critical condition. A mixture of heroin and methamphetamine was found in her system. On January 11th, just three days later, Shawna was pronounced dead. ‘‘Heroin came into our lives and now my baby girl is gone forever,’’ writes her moth-er, Rosalie. ‘‘This is what a taste of this drug does. My family will be forever broken.’’ ‘‘Have your stories heard. Say them loudly and help other parents, brothers, sisters, and children through this ugly battle with drugs. Don’t enable your children but also don’t push them away. I send my prayers and tears for all of our children.’’ MICHAEL DUANE ‘‘MIKE’’ HANNAY —MASON , 
MICHIGAN  Mike was, and still is, an amazing human being. He had the most contagious smile and the best hair. He was hilarious, sarcastic, and incredibly witty; he had the most amaz-ing sense of humor. Mike had such a big heart and never spoke bad about anyone. He always had a carefree, laid back attitude. Mike was so intelligent—the kind of person who never had to study but still got A’s and B’s. He could answer any Jeopardy ques-tion—things that make most of us say ‘‘Huh?!’’ Mike could fix any computer prob-lems in five minutes or less, make you feel better on your absolute worst days, make you laugh until you cried and your cheeks hurt. Mike loved going to car shows with his father. Together, they restored a ’57 Chevy the summer before he passed. Mike and I were best friends since we were young and were always doing things together. His fam-ily were all so close, a tight-knit family. Seeing Mike suffer from addiction was heart-breaking for all of them. Mike hurt his back in a car accident and, like many who succumb to addiction, was prescribed pain medication and Xanax by his doctor. One day, at the end of 2009, Mike crushed his hand at work in a 20–ton brake press, resulting in the amputation of the tips of three of his fingers. He later underwent five surgeries to repair his hand. The sever-ity of his injury, the numerous surgeries, and pain resulted in increased access to pre-scription medication that enhanced his ad-diction. This was when Mike starting trying her-oin. He overdosed twice but made it out alive on both occasions. The first time was in March of 2011 and the second in October of the same year. For the next few years, Mike struggled off and on with addiction. Finally, things were looking up. He had a new job and was doing great. Mike was blessed with his first and only nephew six months prior to his passing. Mike had been clean for a year and four months before he relapsed and lost his life on September 20, 2013. No one saw this coming, not his friends or his family. 
HANNAH DAKOTA VEIT -HARTL —RANCHO PALOS  
VERDES , CALIFORNIA  Hannah was a smart, witty, caring young woman. She brought the life to any party with her infectious, sometimes twisted, sense of humor. To her parents, she was the daughter we all hope for. She was a self-mo-tivated honors student, cool-as-a-cucumber ice hockey goalie, and a protective big sister to her two siblings. She enjoyed skiing, swimming, traveling and hanging out with her family. As Hannah went through her teen years, she gravitated towards a partying culture and became somewhat of a music ‘‘savant.’’ As she continued on her college education at UCSC, little did Hannah realize that the all- too-easy to get, ubiquitous, and cheap her-oin, would savagely alter her brain chem-istry and bring with it the disease of addic-tion. Lacking a true understanding as to how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.133 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1681 December 9, 2016 
this drug works, Hannah did not initially recognize the signs of addiction. Just last year when Hannah realized that she had become dependent on heroin, she went to Urgent Care to get help. The only ‘‘help’’ they could give her was a taxi vouch-er home. The following day, she returned to the hospital where, again, she was handed a taxi voucher and sent away. In desperation, Hannah called her mom for help. Unfortu-nately, like most families, Hannah’s family understood very little about addiction and heroin. They were unfamiliar with what steps to take to get Hannah the help she needed and they did what they thought was best. Hannah’s family sent her to a treat-ment center, a path which they now under-stand was ineffective and inadequate on many levels. Given that Hannah didn’t match the heroin addict stereotype her family had in their minds, as she continued on in college they thought everything was essentially under control. Even after the course of treatment, none of Hannah’s family understood the in-sidiousness of this drug, the relentless grip of addiction, nor the absurd statistical odds against Hannah’s survival. Although Han-nah’s active addiction only lasted for several months, she relapsed with someone she had met at the treatment center. Hannah was able to bounce back and when she began her senior year of college, she believed she was well-equipped to manage her addiction and her family did too. Then on March 9, 2016, she died. Hannah’s tragic and untimely death at the age of 22 has shaken her family to its deepest core. Like many young students during finals, Hannah stayed up for many nights in a row studying. She did not die from a heroin over-dose— smart, witty, Hannah made a calcula-tion error. She did not factor exhaustion into the equation when taking ‘‘just a little’’ heroin to go to sleep. The dose of heroin itself did not kill her; because she was so ex-hausted the heroin fatally compromised her natural reflexes to re-position herself while she slept. With her head surrounded by an array of pillows, she slowly suffocated. Han-nah did not want to die; the morning of her death she had just turned in one of the last term papers she needed to earn her Bach-elor’s Degree in Psychology. On the floor next to her bed was a pile of LSAT study books and underneath her pillow was a ‘‘To Do’’ list. 
CHRISTOPHER MATTHEW ‘‘CHRIS ’’ HONOR — 
SALEM , NEW HAMPSHIRE  Chris was an average student and loved history class. He played various sports and could spout out statistics about any team. He wanted to become a sports broadcaster and did work for a few seasons with the New Hampshire Fisher Cats baseball team. When Chris was 12 years old, his mother first started noticing some troubling signs. Chris became more defiant and his moods would change rapidly, from extreme highs to deep low. He scratched at scabs on his arms as a means of escaping feeling. Chris’ parents went to court and begged the judge to get Chris evaluated for bipolar disorder. Chris’ mother was accused of wanting to simply medicate her difficult child, but all she wanted was to give him a fair shot at life and help him learn to deal with the over-whelming feelings. Soon after, Chris’ mother found out he had started experimenting with marijuana. When Chris was 17, he was picked up by the police when he was high on ecstasy. After a big fight, Chris left his father’s house and went to live with some friends and later, his grandmother. Chris decided he would finish his senior year of high school by taking night classes. He graduated in 2011, got a job and started college. Things were looking up. When Chris turned 18, he moved in with a couple of friends and things quickly began to slip. One of his roommates was selling drugs and the police were watching the apartment. One night, the cops raided the apartment and everyone inside was arrested. After that, Chris was subject to random drug testing. In 2013, Chris was sent to the county jail for eight months, after threatening his grandmother. When he got out, Chris and his girlfriend, reunited and began abusing drugs together. Chris eventually checked into a treatment center; but once he was stable, the facility needed the bed and Chris was re-leased. Later, when Chris told his probation officer he wouldn’t test clean, he was sent back to jail for the weekend. The summer after that seemed like a dream for Chris and his girlfriend; they were always laughing and taking endless walks together. On September 25, 2014, Chris’ moth-er got a call from his girlfriend saying Chris was going back to jail for 20 days. Four days later, Chris called from jail to tell his moth-er that his girlfriend had died from an over-dose. He said if he had been home he could have saved her. Chris was never the same after that and went back to abusing drugs immediately after being released and he was picked up again by the police on April 15, 2015. When he was released from jail on September 3rd, Chris seemed to be doing well. He applied for a job, and later that day he scheduled a time to get vivitrol shots. The next day Chris called his mother depressed because he missed his girlfriend and said that he never truly dealt with her death. On September 5th, the Jordan family were woken up in the early morning by a policewoman telling them that Chris was found dead. f REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JOHN GLENN 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I am deep-ly saddened by the passing of John Glenn. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Annie, his family, and the countless others who are mourning this great loss. John Glenn was a decorated World War II Marine Corps Fighter Pilot who broke the transcontinental speed record. A pioneer as-tronaut who was the first American to orbit the earth, and he later became the oldest man in space at the age of 77. He was a distin-guished statesman who represented Ohio in the United States Senate. But most impor-tantly, he was a family man who married his childhood sweetheart, Annie, and enjoyed spending time with his family and friends. I count myself lucky to have had the oppor-tunity to spend some time with Senator Glenn and I will cherish those moments for the rest of my life. Today is a sad day for the State of Ohio and for the United States of America. John Glenn was an American hero and his life and legacy will never be forgotten. RECOGNIZING THE 2016 MVLE ANNUAL AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2016 MVLE Annual Award Recipients. For 45 years, MVLE has provided employ-ment opportunities and support services to in-dividuals with disabilities and thereby created an environment which has allowed its clients to live in dignity and as independently as pos-sible. MVLE has achieved this success by partnering with local businesses as well as with government agencies and other not-for- profit organizations. MVLE, its staff, and dedi-cated volunteers and supporters can be proud that they are making a positive difference in someone’s life every day. Each year, MVLE honors individual partici-pants, as well as business and community partners, who support MVLE’s mission. I am pleased to include the names of the following 2016 award recipients: The President’s Award is being presented to individuals who have shown outstanding progress toward gaining independence and self-sufficiency through participation in employ-ment and community services. The 2016 President’s Award recipients are Ashley Car-ter, Wei Lung Lin, Jennifer Quinn, and Jose Mananzan. The Chairman’s Award is being presented to an outstanding business partner who has demonstrated excellence in hiring practices, creating supportive work environments, and supporting the mission of MVLE. The 2016 Chairman’s Award recipients are Chick-fil-A of Dumfries and Chick-fil-A of Chantilly Place. MVLE also presents four Community Awards for Government, Employment, Social Responsibility, and Integration. The Government Champion Award is being presented to the Defense Acquisition Univer-sity in recognition of its commitment to the creation of meaningful employment opportuni-ties across government and business sectors. The Employment Partner Award is being presented to Sharp Business Systems of Washington, DC in recognition of its efforts to create meaningful community employment op-portunities for individuals with disabilities and military veterans. The Advocacy Champion Award is being presented to state Delegate Patrick Hope, who represents Virginia’s 47th District. MVLE pre-sents this award to an outstanding partner who advocates for community integration by fostering partnerships across sectors to create new opportunities for the disabilities commu-nity. The Social Responsibility Award is being presented to The Paul Mitchell School of Woodbridge, Virginia. MVLE presents this award to an outstanding partner who supports MVLE and our community through contribu-tions and volunteer work. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending MVLE for its success in help-ing individuals with disabilities achieve inde-pendence and in congratulating the 2016 MVLE Annual Award recipients. The efforts of MVLE, its supporters, community partners, and clients are an inspiration to all and are worthy of our highest praise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.134 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1682 December 9, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANA RODRIGUEZ 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Ana Rodri-guez, Director of Community Relations and Volunteer Services at Mount Sinai Queens, who was honored for her achievements as part of Women’s History Month. Ms. Rodri-guez is a dedicated, compassionate, and be-loved representative for the hospital. She at-tends countless community meetings and is always cheerful and well informed. In her role at Mount Sinai Queens, Ms. Rodriguez works with community organiza-tions and community leaders to ensure that the hospital best serves its community. In ad-dition, she coordinates educational health pro-grams and events to promote awareness about health issues in the community. Ms. Rodriguez also works with people of all ages and all walks of life who are interested in vol-unteering, in order to ensure that the hospital’s patients are served in the most meaningful way possible. Ms. Rodriguez has also been an important advocate for children. From 1993 through 1999, she worked with Greater New York Councils, Boy Scouts of America. In her role as Associate Director, Ms. Rodriguez served youth in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and the Bronx through the Urban Emphasis and Scoutreach Program. She collaborated with school principals, religious institutions, and community organizations to establish new scouting programs. For six years, Ms. Rodriguez served adoles-cents, as well as adults, as a senior clinical social worker at the New York Presbyterian Hospital. Here, she provided mental health services, and worked with young men and women to empower them to reach their full potential. Ms. Rodriguez has been celebrated by the community for her achievements. For exam-ple, Centro de Desarrollo de la Mujer (Center for Women Development) has presented her with a Woman of the Year Award for her com-munity service. Her work has also been recog-nized by the Office of the Borough President of Manhattan, and she has received the Peter Vallone, Jr. Award from the 114th Precinct Ci-vilian Observation Patrol for her dedication to the people of Astoria and Long Island City. Ms. Rodriguez has a Bachelor of Science from Hunter College and a Master’s degree in social work from Columbia University. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the wonderful work of Ms. Rodriguez and her tireless service to her com-munity. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. RICHARD HUNTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Dr. Rich-ard Hunter of Indianola, Iowa, for completing this year’s Des Moines Triathlon at age 85. Dr. Hunter did not begin competing in triathlons until after his retirement from medi-cine at 67. He remained committed to his training even after he returned to medicine, not retiring again until 82. He participated in the famed Ironman triathlon, which took him on a journey all over the world to compete. After moving to Indianola to be closer to his family, Dr. Hunter wondered how he would continue to train when he did not have an ocean to swim or bike trails to challenge him. He soon discovered that he could continue training at the local YMCA. The hard work paid off. Not only did he complete the 2016 Des Moines Triathlon, but he was also the old-est participant by 11 years in the sprint race. Mr. Speaker, I commend Dr. Hunter for hav-ing the discipline and determination to com-pete in this rigorous competition. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentative join me in congratulating him and in wishing him nothing but continue success. f 
JAMES MADISON LEGACY PROJECT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the James Madison Legacy Project, a nationwide teacher professional de-velopment program, currently being imple-mented in Oregon by the Classroom Law Project, a civic education non-profit in Port-land, Oregon. Led by Executive Director Marilyn Cover, Classroom Law Project brings vital and engaging civics and law-related edu-cation programs into the classrooms across Oregon, teaching students of all grade levels the values and skills essential to being a par-ticipating citizen in our democracy. Each year, Classroom Law Project’s innovative, practical, and fun programs involve and inspire over 800 teachers and 60,000 Oregon students. The James Madison Legacy Project, made possible by a grant from the U.S. Department of Education’s Supporting Effective Educator Development program, is a three year nation-wide initiative of the Center for Civic Education that recently entered its second year. The project aims to provide professional develop-ment for over 2000 teachers of high-need stu-dents, help over 200,000 students meet state standards in civics and government, serve the self-identified professional development needs of more than 500 participating schools with significant concentrations of high-need stu-dents throughout the United States. The project will also evaluate the relative effective-ness of the Center’s traditional We the People: The Citizen and the Constitution professional development model enhanced with online re-sources compared with a new blended-learn-ing variation of the traditional model that also uses online resources. The key goals of the James Madison Leg-acy Project are providing the best practices in civic education directly to teachers and identi-fying cost-effective ways to provide accessible professional development programs, particu-larly for teachers in high-needs schools. With exceptional professional development, teach-ers are better equipped to help students gain the knowledge and skills necessary in a participatory democracy. Through the James Madison Legacy Project, Oregon teachers are learning directly from current and past members of the Oregon Supreme Court, constitutional scholars, and master teachers. The project includes follow- up services so that teachers can more readily implement what they learn in their classrooms. Future professional development will include opportunities to examine primary source docu-ments from our country’s founding, a private tour of the Oregon Historical Society and ex-hibit on the Founders, and lectures from First and Fourteenth Amendment scholars. Teach-ers will also have an exclusive behind the scenes view of the renowned Oregon High School State We the People Competition in January 2017. The Center for Civic Education and Or-egon’s Classroom Law Project are at forefront of innovative and equitable civic education in America, and I look forward to their continued success and accomplishment. f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire, I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change is Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
ERIK LEE BLOM —FAIRVIEW , TENNESSEE  Erik’s death has devastated his entire fam-ily. He was an extremely gifted and creative young man whose keen wit and empathetic heart is missed everyday. Erik began to abuse substances in 7th grade. His sister remembers the day he made the mistake of wearing bike shorts to school—he was bullied everyday after that. Eventually, Erik made a conscious decision to be tougher than anyone else and his ten-der heart began to harden with the belief that it was best not to feel—never to cry. Erik was intelligent, frustrated, and bored. The school thought he would benefit from being challenged in a gifted class and it did seem to help some, but he would still dis-appear to a place that we couldn’t seem to reach. Erik’s depression and anxiety kept him off-balance and he started self-medi-cating with marijuana before moving on to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.137 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1683 December 9, 2016 
Xanax and Lortab. Pills were easy to get. Kids took them from their parents bedside tables and traded on the bus. Erik was ar-rested at school during his senior year for public intoxication. He went to jail and then to treatment. He was put on probation for a year. The summer after treatment, Erik and his sister worked at a kids camp together and our family had a summer to remember— we had our son back. In the fall of 2003, Erik started college as a double major in graphic design and print making. He was being treated for Bipolar II but his anxiety and depression weren’t being managed properly and he went back to self- medicating with marijuana. From early childhood coloring contests to his mastery of printmaking, Erik was always driven to share his life through art. This process of creation became an act of rebellion against the demons that plagued him. Erik used heroin for the first time one week before his 26th birthday. The group of people who helped him shoot up for the first time then had to spend 45 minutes reviving him. He survived. He told his family that when he used that day, he felt no pain for the first time since he could remember. He would go on to chase that feeling for three years. He never found it again. Instead, he found an addiction that brought him to homelessness, got him work as a confidential informant, landed him in jail, lost him friends and at times, his family, caused un-thinkable trauma, and ultimately death. On April 30, 2014, Erik had been clean and sober for 6 months but his mood disorder was out of control. The psychiatrist prescribed him two weeks of Klonopin but he took all of it in two days. His agitation progressed and turned into outright rage. We called the po-lice in hopes that he would be admitted to the hospital to stabilize, but he didn’t have health insurance and presented as well enough, so they released him. When he came back home things got even crazier and we called the police again. Erik went to stay with a friend who he pressured to take him to a dealer. Erik shot up in the car and then again in the bathroom. Erik’s sister got a call from a detective at 2:22 a.m. He told her that the entire family needed to get to the ER asap. When Erik’s family arrived they were told that Erik was dead upon arrival. That was Thursday, May 1, 2014. That was the day our lives changed forever. He was 29 years old. 
JOHN BOTKINS , III—CLERMONT , FLORIDA  From the day John was born, he brought so much joy to everyone lives. No matter how hard his family tried to stay mad at him, over the mischief he got into, John always managed to say something funny to make them laugh. John was a very inquisitive child and adult, never believing anything would hurt him and always willing to try anything. Needless to say, life with John was never dull. He was always independent and strong- willed, but always cheerful and upbeat, even when he was fighting his hardest demons. While in middle school, John was diagnosed with ADD, and placed on medication to help keep him focused. John was in and out of school after that, and barely managed to graduate high school. He attended one year of college and flunked out. He returned home and his step-father and mother paid to send him to train to climb towers, where he ex-celled and began working for his stepfather’s company. He was one of the best climbers in the industry. Unfortunately, John’s alcohol and drug habit exacerbated throughout the years, changing his personality and his lifestyle drastically. His mother never wanted to be-lieve he had a problem and was fearful, if she made him mad, he would not love her, and she would not see him. After an almost fatal overdose, it came to light that John had been using drugs for 15 years. He was 30 years old at the time and had two daughters, ages two and four. John’s family tried to encourage him to enter a treatment program, but he declined, stating he had to go back to work to help support his daughters. His family agreed to support John as long as he stayed clean. He did pretty well for a couple of months, but those close to him began to see some famil-iar signs that he was using again. On Memorial Day, 2012, John’s mother re-ceived the phone call that every mother of a child struggling with addiction dreads get-ting. Her young granddaughters got up that morning and found their father lying dead on the living room floor—their lives trauma-tized and forever changed. Not a day goes by that John’s mother doesn’t think of her sweet little happy baby boy and his sensitive and caring heart. She knows, without a doubt, that he would have never intentionally put his family through this grief and heartache. He had such a sen-sitive spirit and giving heart for those in trouble or need and he would never have pur-posefully caused this. These demons called heroin and cocaine consumed him and ulti-mately took him. DAYNE BRANDANO —MALDEN , MASSACHUSETTS  Dayne and his sister, Brittany, have strug-gled with the disease of addiction. Dayne died on July 25, 2015 from a drug overdose; and Brittany is in recovery and very in-volved in the sober community. The Brandano family has been dealing with the heroin epidemic first-hand since 2006, when Brittany was hit by a car and needed surgery. When Brittany was released from the hospital, she was given a prescription for liquid OxyContin. Dayne and Brittany’s mother had never heard of the drug before. One day, she noticed that most of the liquid was gone and had not been taken as directed. From that point forward the Brandano fam-ily tried everything to help Brittany: tough love, endless understanding and support, var-ious detoxes, rehabs, etc. Within six months of abusing her prescription pain medication, Brittany was addicted to heroin. After battling with insurance companies who refused to cover long-term care for ad-diction treatment, the Brandano family de-cided to send Brittany out-of-state to a pri-vately-owned treatment facility. At the time, Brittany was 18 years old and Dayne was only 10. Dayne worried about his sister a lot and witnessed many things that no 10 year old should have to witness. On one occa-sion, Brittany coaxed him to urinate in her drug testing cup. Dayne started smoking pot at an early age and was smoking regularly by the time he was 11. Dayne graduated to Percocet when he was 14, after he found a prescription at his grandmother’s house. From then on, residen-tial treatment stays became the norm for Dayne. His final stint in treatment was at the age of 16. Dayne was sober for about four months be-fore his first and final relapse. When he came home from treatment, Dayne looked amaz-ing. His mother could sense peace in his eyes. She knew he really wanted to stay sober and she could finally sleep at night. The night before Dayne died, he came home looking like he had been smoking pot. His mother calmly told him that together they were going to look for treatment options in the morning and that she loved him. That was the last time she saw Dayne alive. Dayne’s mother feels cheated. All of their family’s hard work for nothing. As a family, they did everything they could to save Dayne and his mother still can’t accept that he is gone. She tried getting help for Dayne from every corner; fighting for a bed, fight-ing with insurance companies, etc. The Brandano family were involved, loving par-ents, who volunteered at school and enrolled their kids in every sport and activity. Dayne was an amazing human being with the most beautiful soul—many who knew him have said the same. GREGORY LEE CHAPMAN III —PRINCE FREDERICK , 
MARYLAND  Gregory (Greg) Lee Chapman III died Au-gust 27th of 2015, from a fatal mixture of her-oin, Alpha PVP (AKA Flakka), and Fentanyl. He was 26 years old. Greg was many things—he was not his addiction. He loved God, his family, his friends, and his fel-low Army Veterans. On Greg’s first day of high school he was given drugs by another classmate. This was the start of a journey that would ultimately end in his death. After high school, Greg de-cided he wanted to get away from his home-town, where he felt so heavily influenced by the drug culture; he joined the Army and went to boot camp. Things seemed to be turning around for him until he got deployed to Iraq at the age of 19. Greg never talked about the things that happened over there, but his family knows he experienced count-less traumatizing events. After deployment, he was stationed back in Seattle. Not long after that, Greg received medication from a doctor to treat his depres-sion and opioids for his back pain. This took him back down the wrong road—but this time his struggles were compounded by PTSD. A few months later, he put himself into a 30-day treatment program in Oregon. Greg continued to battle with addiction throughout all of his transfers and ended up with a couple of DUI’s. After 5 years in the military, he decided that it was time for him to leave the Army at the age of 23. He feared that if he didn’t, he may not end up leaving on his own terms. He ended up back home with his family. He never really found his way and the path that called to him was one that would keep him medicated from his nightmares. As time went by, his fight or flight responses height-ened and he had no ability to deal with the trauma he had experienced. Sometimes when he came to visit me Greg would pass out while we were mid-conversa-tion. His family had no previous experience with heroin or prescription pills and didn’t know what to do at first. After a while it be-came clear that there was a much bigger problem. Greg then entered a treatment fa-cility followed by a stay in sober living. After his stay in the sober living facility he thought that he could make a go of it on his own. He moved into an apartment that he found online. We later discovered that the owner of the house was a drug dealer and human trafficker and is currently serving 8 years in jail. When Greg said he wanted to move out of that apartment we told him to come home, but he wanted to stay in Florida where his friends were and find a different place. The police raided his home on August 27th and my son was found dead in his garage apartment. He was not alone when he took that fatal dose, but he was left there to die. . Greg was too good for this world and dealt with great emotional pain. He thought he should be strong enough to recover on his own, even though his last words to one of his friends were, ‘‘We can’t do this alone.’’ He was always reaching out to others even in the midst of his own battles and there are people today who are sober because of his death. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.140 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1684 December 9, 2016 
DAVID COFFEY —BRISTOL , TENNESSEE  David was born on September 1, 1981, in Bristol, Tennessee. He entered this world healthy after a long and somewhat com-plicated delivery: 10 fingers, 10 toes, a set of lungs that worked perfectly. He arrived as the first-born into a happy home and was joined by his brother, Chris, 22 months later. The boys were so much alike that they were often mistaken for twins. It was not until his late teenage years that David began experimenting with drugs, which didn’t develop into an addiction until much later. He obtained a degree in Audio Engineering in Manhattan, NY and then moved back to Tennessee. He took a bad fall at one point and shattered his ankle. He had to have surgery and was given prescription pills for the pain. From that time on, life be-came a struggle; it all started with Lortab and progressed to Oxycontin. After going to his first treatment facility, which lasted for almost 90 days, David re-lapsed almost immediately. This cycle continued for nearly 15 years. At times, David would gain long periods of sobriety—a year, maybe two years at a time. He even returned to school to become a Mas-ter Barber and opened his own barber shop. Through it all he was a loving and giving young man—always willing to help others. He had a sense of humor that could rival the best and put a smile on your face on the worst of days. Yet in the end, drugs still won the war. On July 26, 2015, while on vacation, David passed away from a heroin overdose. 
NICHOLAS (NICK) CONTOPULOS —TEMECULA , 
CALIFORNIA  On May 29th, 2010, the Contopulos family lost their 26-year-old son, Nick, after a 14- year struggle to find long-term, affordable, clinically informed care and recovery for his addiction and mental illness. During his shortened life, Nick spent time in more than twenty-five inpatient treat-ment facilities (some at great expense), as well as numerous sober living homes, in ad-dition to multiple visits to local emergency rooms. Although Nick struggled courageously to find long-term recovery, he relapsed time and time again. Those who loved Nick came to respect this cunning, powerful and baf-fling disease and its ability to destroy every-thing in its path. Due to the desperation that addiction en-tails, Nick was incarcerated for a total of more than three years. If a portion of what our society spent on keeping Nick behind bars had been allocated to finding long-term, affordable care, Nick’s father believes that he would be alive today. Sadly, this is not so. Instead, we live in a time where hundreds of thousands of ‘‘other Nicks’’ struggle daily to find their own recovery in a society where this medical problem continues to be stig-matized and criminalized. May we who have survived, live to see a better day for these ‘‘other Nicks’’ and for those who love them. 
ELIZABETH (LIZZIE) DELSARDO —PITTSBURGH , 
PENNSYLVANIA  Lizzie was only 23 years old when she lost her battle with addiction. Sadly, she strug-gled for several years, spent time in a few treatment facilities, and was called home by her Heavenly Father on May 11, 2016. Lizzie was very interested in musical the-atre and enjoyed both watching and per-forming. She loved to sing and dance con-stantly singing anywhere she was. Lizzie would write her own songs and poems and was always so excited to share them with us. She was eager to hear our opinions, even though she would sometimes get upset if we didn’t LOVE them. Everyone who knew Lizzie loved her infec-tious laugh and bright smile. After she passed away, we found out from her friends that Lizzie was their go-to person for sup-port and encouragement; she was always willing to help and comfort them. Lizzie touched so many lives in her short time here on earth. She will be forever re-membered for her free spirit, compassion for others, and her sense of humor. She will re-main in the hearts of those who loved her forever. KEVIN DOAN —CINCINNATI , OHIO Kevin Doan grew up in an upper middle class family. They lived on wooded property and as a child Kevin spent most days ‘‘build-ing camps,’’ fishing, and hiking around with his sister, brothers and friends from the neighborhood. When he was six he expressed an interest in ice hockey and excelled on the ice, quickly moving up through the teams. Kevin spent his teenage years traveling to play AAA hockey. He was a large, formidable figure on the team. His dad was always the head or assistant coach, so they spent many hours together on and off the ice. Kevin graduated from high school and got a degree in Construction Technology. He gravitated towards construction because he loved being outside and working with his hands. He spent weekends doing what he loved—camping, fishing and playing hockey. Kevin’s family believes his drug problem began in 2014, at the age of 28, after he in-jured his back on a job site. The doctor pre-scribed him pain meds and Kevin quickly de-veloped a substance use disorder—wanting and needing these pills even after the doctor would no longer prescribe them. Kevin was always able to hold a full-time job, and therefore had enough money to buy the pills illegally. He began to come around less often for family gatherings, and kept missing birthdays and holidays. When his family questioned him, Kevin said he was ‘‘sick.’’ His family knew something was wrong but had no idea the extent of his ill-ness. Kevin came to his family in October 2015, and told them he wanted to get help. On Oc-tober 15th, Kevin packed his belongings and his parents drove him to a treatment facility in Northern Ohio. They hugged, kissed and told him how proud they were of him! During Kevin’s time in treatment he wrote his family letters about how happy and whole he felt. He honestly thought he could come home and stay clean. Kevin was al-lowed to come home for a visit over Christ-mas. When he came home, he was clear-eyed, 25 lbs heavier and enjoyed spending time with his entire family—he kept saying how thankful he was for his family. Kevin returned to the program after the holiday and was officially released on Janu-ary 23, 2016. Kevin was advised not to return to Cincinnati, where he would be triggered by his apartment and his friends. He ignored this advice, thinking that he could handle himself. He planned to return to his job and apartment. His family was terrified for him to come back and their fears were realized on January 26, 2016, only 3 days after Kevin came home, when his mother discovered him dead—in their home, in his old bedroom. Kevin was 30 years old. The detectives found a needle near his body with a small amount of heroin left in it. It was later determined that the heroin was laced with a synthetic fentanyl. The de-tectives said that because Kevin had just gotten out of treatment and his system was clean, the drugs immediately shut down his heart. His family had no idea that Kevin was using heroin. He had never been arrested and had no police record—not even a ticket. 
REESE ENGLE —HENDERSON , NEVADA  Reese was 19 years old at the time of his death on July 21, 2011. He had a dynamic per-sonality, never without a smile on his face or a kind word on his lips. He was a loving brother, son, uncle and friend to all he came in contact with. Reese was an accomplished athlete from a very young age. As a nine year old, Reese was selected to join the boys All-Star base-ball team. As the oldest of four boys, Reese tended to take care of his younger brothers’ needs and wants before his own; always making sure everyone was included in the activity of the day. As a born leader and protector, Reese made sure that no one felt uncomfortable or unsure of themselves. Graduating high school was a huge accomplishment for Reese and he had plans to join the military. Reese started using prescription pain medi-cation when he was 15 years old, which turned into a heroin addiction. Heroin be-came a way of life for him and ultimately too big a foe to overcome. In his short, yet, vibrant life, Reese touched people in a unique way. Those who had the pleasure of crossing his path have distinct memories of him. Reese is at peace, and his family grieves this loss but not the experiences they had with him. KATHRINE FOLKER —WARRENTON , VIRGINIA  From the moment she was born, Kathrine and her mother had a powerful bond, and de-spite what was to come, this connection never faltered. Kathrine showed some signs of trouble early in her life, but her family didn’t think they were anything to worry about. In ele-mentary school she developed attention issues and by the time she was in middle school, she had some problems with anxiety. Doctors said Kathrine was borderline and never formally diagnosing her or prescribed medication. Socially, Kathrine thrived. She had many friends and always went out of her way to take care of the underdog. She was filled with energy for the people around her and believed that everyone deserved love, no matter what. During Kathrine’s senior year of high school, she got her CNA nursing license and started working in a local senior and reha-bilitation home. She was the youngest em-ployee at the facility. She adored her pa-tients and they loved her right back. How-ever, during this time, Kathrine became in-volved with people who introduced her to il-licit substances. This led her down a path that would eventually take her life. At 18 years old, Kathrine realized that she wasn’t just partying hard but drinking to blackout. Bad things happened to her when she was drunk and of which she had no mem-ory. She was scared and did not want that to be her life. Kathrine was mature enough to check herself into a treatment center and then join a sober living community. And it worked, it really did. For a year, Kathrine was clean, sober and self-supporting. She was happy again, she was beautiful, and her fam-ily was full of hope. When Kathrine turned 19, she was excited about the future and felt strong enough to live alone. She moved out of the sober living community and signed a lease for her own apartment. Unfortunately, she wasn’t ready. Kathrine told her mother that she wanted to see if she really had a problem or could learn to drink like everyone else. And so she drank. One night about four weeks or so after moving into her apartment, Kathrine was drunk when someone told her, ‘‘keep still,’’ and injected heroin into her hand. That moment was the beginning of the end. Twelve weeks later, Kathrine was dead. Her first overdose was her last. Kathrine, who was nervous that wanting a glass of champagne on her 21st birthday, never made it to twenty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.142 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1685 December 9, 2016 
RECOGNIZING IRMA GARCIA 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of one of Laredo’s finest citizens, Irma Garcia. Ms. Garcia was born in Laredo, Texas on the 26th of October in 1951 to Adolfo and Irma Garcia. She was the second child of six children; Adolfo, George, Ileana, Hector and Cordelia Garcia. Throughout her life, Ms. Gar-cia was always held in high regard by her family members, friends, and colleagues be-cause of her outgoing nature and positive atti-tude. Her ability to treat everyone she met with kindness and respect made her a role model for the entire community. Irma brought the best out of everyone who had the privilege of being in her company. Known for her fun-loving side, she was re-garded as one of Laredo’s best party hosts. Ms. Garcia was also known for her love of pol-itics and enthusiasm for social justice. This de-votion led to her taking on work in the county clerk’s office in 1976 under Clerk Mike Volpe. She then went on to work in the 49th District Court. In 2007, she started working with Jesus ‘‘Chuy’’ Garza in County Court of Law No. 2. She was revered for her faithful dedication to her work throughout her career. Ms. Garcia is survived by her father Adolfo Garcia; siblings, Adolfo Garcia, Ileana Garcia Maldonado, and Hector J. Garcia. She is also survived by her nieces and nephews, Kenny, Adrian, David, Vanessa, Ariane, Chanelle, Meriel, Nicole, Cordelia, and Joshua—all of whom she regarded as her own children. Her legacy will remain strong through dedi-cation and support of those around her. Her kindness will never be forgotten and is some-thing that all should strive to emulate. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to remember the legacy of Irma Gar-cia. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE WYAN-DOTTE JAYCEES FOR THEIR SERVICE AND ACTIVISM IN THE DOWNRIVER COMMUNITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Wyandotte Jaycees for their ef-forts to promote positive change in the com-munity. For the past 40 years, the Wyandotte Jaycees have helped to build young leaders while engaging in projects to raise awareness and address issues facing the Wyandotte and Downriver communities. Founded in 1976, the Wyandotte Jaycees is an organization of young professionals that, in collaboration with local non-profits, works to improve their community while providing lead-ership opportunities for its members. The group has compiled an impressive record of developing leaders while working to improve the local community through events like Hoo-ray for the Good Guys, which provides food and baked goods to public safety officials. The Jaycees also host team building events like camping trips and leadership conferences. Collectively, these help build a strong organi-zation with community-minded individuals that are equipped to address issues facing the city. The Jaycees embody the values of commu-nity service through their project and events throughout the city of Wyandotte and the sur-rounding area. Through the organization’s ac-tions, the Wyandotte Jaycees have not only worked to tackle local issues while promoting economic development, but have also pro-vided countless young men and women with valuable leadership and organizational experi-ence that opens the doors to new opportuni-ties. I have confidence that the experience that these individuals gain through their in-volvement with the Wyandotte Jaycees will allow them to become leaders in the commu-nity and give them the skills they need to suc-ceed professionally. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the Wyandotte Jaycees and their 40 years of service on behalf of the Wyandotte and Downriver areas. The Wyan-dotte Jaycees continue to serve a critical role in providing valuable community service while helping young people develop leadership skills. f 
RECOGNIZING JASON JABBAR SPEAR 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to join me in recognizing Jason Jabbar Spear, who has served as my Legislative As-sociate and Deputy Communications Director for more than five years. During this time, he has proven himself to be a valuable member of my staff and essential to the work that our office provides to our more than 670,000 resi-dents. On December 31, 2016, Jason will be leaving my office to further his education at New York University’s Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service. Jason’s strong work ethic, quick wit and humor, intel-ligence, and constant enthusiasm will surely be missed by his colleagues in the House, the residents of the District of Columbia, and es-pecially my office. Jason, a native of Alabama, quickly adopted D.C. as his second home. After completing a term as a White House intern, Jason joined my office and took advantage of every oppor-tunity to help the mission of our office. Jason performed his duties with excellence and en-ergy. He answered phones; wrote correspond-ence, legislation, and press releases; planned events; and even photographed many of those same events, all while managing a legislative portfolio. His capacity for hard work and his very affable demeanor made Jason a pleasure to be around and work with. Jason’s presence in my office and in the city will surely be missed and I wish him all the best in New York. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Jason Spear for his outstanding service to the House of Representatives and my of-fice, and to the residents of the District of Co-lumbia. TRIBUTE TO LORNA GROW HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lorna Grow for her 50 years of leadership with the Sugar Grove Sunshine 4–H Club, which cele-brated its 100th anniversary on September 24, 2016. Since 1965, Lorna has served as the Sugar Grove Sunshine 4–H Club leader, guiding and encouraging its members through fair projects, shows, and other activities. Head, Heart, Hands and Health are the tenets of 4–H. Lorna embodies them all. Her influence has been evident in the lives of so many area fam-ilies. A former member said Lorna encouraged her to do a presentation to quell her fear about public speaking to a large group at the Iowa State Fair which now, in adulthood, she does on a regular basis. Another former 4–H Club member made sure her own children joined Sugar Grove Sunshine 4–H Club be-cause of the guidance and skills taught by Lorna, including how to can vegetables and sew clothing. Lorna meets with every member of the Club regularly and on an individual basis, encouraging them in their growth as in-dividuals and to experience new adventures they might not otherwise have. Mr. Speaker, I commend Lorna for her out-standing leadership. Her dedication as a 4–H club leader has influenced so many over the past 50 years. It is an honor to represent her and Iowans like her in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE OSHER LIFE-LONG LEARNING INSTITUTE ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 25TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize George Mason University and the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute (OLLI) on the occasion of OLLI’s 25th Anniversary. In 1991, OLLI was founded as the Learning in Retirement Institute by Kathryn Brooks, Shirley Fox, and Lilyan Spero, whom I knew and collaborated with for many years. The in-stitute eventually developed a relationship with George Mason University as part of GMU’s continuing efforts to expand access to edu-cational opportunities to all members of the community. OLLI’s mission is ‘‘to offer to its members learning opportunities in a stimulating environ-ment in which adults can share their talents, experiences and skills, explore new interests, discover and develop latent abilities, engage in intellectual and cultural pursuits, and social-ize with others of similar interests.’’ What start-ed as a member-run center with 100 individ-uals operating and teaching out of a single room has grown into a robust, first-rate edu-cational and social organization with more than 1,200 members. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.144 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1686 December 9, 2016 
OLLI offers mature adults in Northern Vir-ginia over 400 courses and special events at its three campuses in Fairfax, Reston, and Loudoun. From arts to zoology, religion to science, there is a topic to satisfy everyone. I believe that education and learning are lifelong endeavors. OLLI provides this oppor-tunity to learn for the sake of learning. Not to get a degree or advance in your career—but just for the sheer pleasure of expanding your knowledge or finally having the time to explore a new subject. I commend the leadership of both George Mason University and OLLI for their commit-ment and vision to extending the benefits of continued and collaborative learning to as many members of our community as possible. As someone who comes from local govern-ment, I understand firsthand that the high quality of life that we enjoy in Northern Virginia is directly linked to the quality of educational resources that are at our disposal. I congratulate the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute staff and volunteers on 25 years of service to our community and ask my col-leagues to join me in wishing them great suc-cess in all future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
JOHN MICHAEL AHERN —ROCKPORT , 
MASSACHUSETTS  John was born on September 30, 1969. He was the youngest of three siblings, Kathryn, Charles, and Mary, and a father to three beautiful boys, Johnny, Rian, and Connor. Growing up, John was a wonderful son— joyful, loving and compassionate. At the age of 14, he began a transition that would lead to a long, hard fought battle with addiction. Over the years, John was treated at various rehabilitation clinics across the country. He did his best to maintain his sobriety and would do so for short periods of time, but the disease of addiction was too strong for John. John was determined to overcome his struggles, fighting fiercely and with all his strength. But in the end, on August 16, 2015, the disease of addiction proved too great for him to overcome. John passed away unex-pectedly from a heroin overdose. He was 46 years old. ‘‘I can’t imagine his daily struggles and the hardships he faced in his short life,’’ writes his mother, Gail. ‘‘It was heart-breaking to see John’s self-esteem diminish over time. He had a difficulties maintaining employment and finding stable living. Before his last and final attempt at recovery, which so sadly failed, John was living in a homeless shelter.’’ ‘‘I loved my John. I know his life was bit-tersweet and his struggles were so great. I believe some individuals are just too fragile for this world, and I am so grateful to God that he took John home at last. For I know in my heart he is now joyous, at peace, and in the loving arms of our Lord. John’s strug-gle is over; he is now an angel.’’ ANDREW ANGERS —SAGINAW , MI Andrew was born April 5, 1982, at 12:01 a.m. He was a beautiful baby and had a star qual-ity about him as a toddler. Growing up, An-drew was a happy, healthy boy with a kind heart and a brilliant smile. Then one day he was not so happy anymore. As Andrew entered high school, he began to struggle with personal demons. As a re-sult, he experimented with drugs as a way to cope with his emotions. Andrew was imme-diately taken hostage by addiction and his battle progressed before he even graduated. Andrew did manage to graduate, although a year later than he should have. Regardless, it was a happy day for him and his family. For the years following, Andrew’s strug-gles with addiction continued but at times it seemed he was gaining the upper hand. An-drew entered college and even married his high school sweetheart. Sadly, college went by the wayside and the marriage failed. Even throughout all the hardships, Andrew was still there—there were glimpses of the sweet, sensitive, kind-hearted man he was. Andrew was a very talented musician and was often seen walking around wearing a banjo. He had the most wonderful smile and such a warm laugh. Andrew had hope right up until the end. In a final phone call he spoke of his future and being done with using. On June 18, 2009, Andrew was found dead from an overdose. It truly was the day the music ended. 
NICHOLAS ANTICH —CROWN POINT , INDIANA  The mother of Nick Antich wants people to know her family’s tragedy in order to bring light to a growing epidemic in the United States. It’s unfortunate that people are ashamed to tell the stories of their loved ones who are battling drug addiction. They worry that society will see those struggling as second class, low-life individuals. As an emergency nurse, Nick’s mom has a job to help anyone who enters the ER. Nick’s mother now has the perspective that if addiction can happen to her son, it can happen to anyone. Addiction impacts people who are educated; smart, charismatic and have the world in the palm of their hand. Nick Antich was an top student who didn’t get into trouble at school and never caused his father and mother much grief beyond the typical teenage issues. Nick was raised in a normal family, played baseball as a child and wrestled in middle school. He loved animals and was known as the ‘‘animal whisperer’’ because on several different occasions he saved kittens from the side of busy highways where they had been dumped. When Nick was accepted into an Engineer-ing program for college, he moved to Indian-apolis. During his Sophomore year in col-lege, Nick started dabbling in drugs. Nothing his mother would consider hardcore, but never-the-less, drugs. Nick was smart and knew the risks involved with drug use, so his mother never imagined that anything seri-ous was happening. She certainly never pre-pared herself for the journey her family was about to embark upon. One day, Nick called his mother to say he had been sick in bed for three days. She knew in her gut that something was not right. Nick had been sick a bunch of times since going away to college, which is nor-mally no big deal—take some Tylenol and get rest—but this time felt different. She called an ambulance and sent them to Nick’s address. Two hours later, Nick’s mom ar-rived at the hospital where she found her son curled up in a ball on a cot. Nothing had been done. The hospital knew Nick was going through heroin withdrawal but because of HIPAA they couldn’t tell Nick’s mother what was happening. When Nick saw his mom, he held up his arms and said, ‘‘Mom, it’s bad.’’ She dropped to her knees and her hell as a parent began. Within 24 hours, Nick was on a plane to Arizona where he was ad-mitted into treatment for the next two months. Nick moved back home after treatment and within three months his mother saw sus-picious signs. She kicked him out of her house. In September of 2014, Nick came and told her, ‘‘Mom, I’m using again.’’ Within 24 hours, Nick was back on a plane to Arizona for a second stint in treatment. This time Nick was there for four months. He came home for Christmas of 2014, clean from Xanax and heroin. Nick got a job working for the state of In-diana and was quickly promoted. However, Nick felt miserable inside and nothing his mother did could fix Nick’s loneliness. When Nick was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, he faithfully took his meds and followed up monthly with his doctor. He did not want to be unhappy; he exercised, attempted a vegan diet and quit smoking three months before he died. The week before Nick relapsed, he had to work long shifts plowing during a snowstorm and was stressed and tired. Sitting by him-self plowing snow for 16 hours did something to Nick; he got Xanax from a friend. When his mother found out, Nick told her, ‘‘Mom, I just wanted to take something to make my miserable job tolerable . . . I would never use heroin again.’’ Unfortunately, Xanax was all it took to wake up the devil within Nick that had been dormant for 18 months. His mother was petrified that whole week, thinking here we go again. On Friday, March 4th, Nick went to see friends in Indianapolis for the weekend and had plans to stay with his sister in Bloomington for the rest of that week. Nick’s parents flew out on Saturday for a week’s vacation in Arizona. On Sunday afternoon, March 6, 2016, Nick didn’t wake up. She hates drugs. They robbed Nick of his life, they robbed her daughter of her only sibling, and they robbed his parents of their only son. Over 450 people attended Nick’s wake, which was a testament to how loved he was: friends, family, and teachers from el-ementary through high school came to share that day with Nick’s family. Nick didn’t re-alize how much love there was for him in this life. Despite the resources Nick’s mother had access to as an emergency room nurse, she could not save him. This is what she has to learn to live with forever. Please don’t hide these stories anymore. Out of the 450 people who attended Nick’s service, at least a dozen said it happened to them too. 
TOMMY JACOB ARNOLD —DECATUR , ILLINOIS  The Arnold’s youngest son, Tommy died of a heroin overdose on June 25, 2016. His battle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.148 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1687 December 9, 2016 
with addiction started when someone offered him heroin as an alternative to dull the pain of a toothache. It instantly grabbed control and robbed Tommy of everything—family, friends, jobs, cars, a home—but most of all it robbed him of his self respect. Growing up, Tommy was a typical all- American boy with hopes and dreams. He loved music, movies, campfires with friends and just being with those he loved. He was a shy, gentle giant that was always kind and caring to everyone he met—he would give the shirt off his back to anyone in need. Tommy lost it all to this horrible, ravaging drug. On the morning of June 25th this year, Tommy’s family was awoken by the coroner telling them that their son had overdosed just a few hours earlier—and his body was awaiting their funeral instructions at the morgue. No parent should have to receive news like this. Tommy fought hard before losing his battle with addiction. He was in recovery five different times, but this last time he wasn’t able to fight his way back. ‘‘30 days of treatment isn’t enough to help those afflicted successfully fight this bat-tle,’’ writes Tommy’s mother, Kathleen. ‘‘Longer, progressive plans need to be devel-oped to stop this epidemic from taking the lives of our loved ones.’’ Although Tommy is in heaven now, pain- free, he leaves behind parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, a brother and sister, the love of his life, and his six year old son. His fam-ily is all heart-broken. 
RONNI BAKER —STOW , MAINE  Ronni Baker was raised in a loving and stable environment where her and her sis-ter’s needs were met. As a family, the Bakers did many things together; they played out-side, went camping and fishing, and always had fun. Ronni’s parents had good relationships with both of their daughters and supported them in pursuing their interests. Ronni loved trying new things. She joined the 4–H youth organization at the age of ten and got her first horse when she was 12. She was also a Girl Scout and participated in Odyssey of the Mind creative challenges. Ronni was an avid reader and loved trivia. She had a fond-ness for animals and had a way with them. At 16, Ronni thought it would be fun to enter a Miss Teen USA contest, so she did. In high school, she was on the wrestling team. Ronni had strong political views and feel-ings about equality—she often stuck up for the underdog. As a young child, she spent a lot of time with her great-grandparents and developed an affection for the elderly. After becoming a certified nurse’s aide, she started working in a local nursing home—a place where she connected with and felt protective of the residents. School came easy to Ronni and she never really had to work that hard at it. Socially, she was bubbly, easy-going, and funny. She had lots of friends. So why did Ronni, of all kids, start using drugs? Why did she—of all people—die of a drug overdose in the dawn of her life? Her family thinks it started innocently enough, with kids experimenting with alco-hol and/or maybe marijuana; just like many teenagers do. But opiates changed the rules of the game. These pills are now shared the way other substances were in the past. With these powerful drugs, kids can’t always move on from their experimentation phase and grow up. They think they are just having fun and are invincible, but no one is invincible when it comes to opioid addiction, let alone a young adult. Add to this experimentation, the fact that when Ronni was in her late teens she started experiencing some back and leg pain related to the demands of wrestling. Afterward, Ronni was in a car accident and received pre-scription opioids for her pain. Around the same time, she was diagnosed with Attention Deficit Disorder; which had not been pre-viously identified as an issue due to her aca-demic ability and achievements. As parents, the Bakers thought that if they did mostly everything right, then their children would be okay. They thought that by living out in the sticks they were insu-lated from some of the big-city problems that affect many young individuals. Opioids are everywhere and opioid addiction lays in wait for everyone. FRANKIE PROUT —PHILADELPHIA , 
PENNSYLVANIA  On February 5, 2012, at 6:04 a.m. Frankie Prout, oldest of four, was pronounced dead at the age of 20 while living in a halfway house. Frankie grew up in Port Richmond in Philadelphia. As a child, he was loved by ev-eryone. Around the age of 18, Frankie started to change. He wasn’t acting like his normal happy self and his mother knew something was wrong, but never in a million years did she suspect he was developing a drug addic-tion. It turns out Frankie was using Percocet prescribed by a dentist. By the time his use had escalated to crushing and snort-ing 30mg, he was stealing from and lying to his family and friends. He eventually was in-carcerated for robbing a car. When he re-turned home from jail, he went right back to abusing drugs. At this point, Frankie’s fam-ily gave him the option to get help or be homeless. When Frankie and his mother first went to a detox facility, he was turned away for an expired ID. The second time, he was turned away from the detox facility because he didn’t have enough drugs in his system. Frankie at this point was so sick from with-drawal that he begged his mother to let him die. In order to get enough drugs in his sys-tem to be admitted, his mother had to pur-chase Percocet for him to use. Detox accept-ed him that time and kept him for five days during which he celebrated his 19th birthday. When the facility ran out of beds, Frankie was released. He stayed clean for three months before relapsing. Frankie’s addiction got worse and worse during his relapse. He desperately needed detox to get clean again but he was turned away from the facility be-cause there were no beds. When Frankie finally was able to get into detox, again his stay was only for five days. This time Frankie celebrated Christmas there. When he was released, Frankie went to an inpatient rehabilitation facility and seemed to be doing well there. However, his insurance covering the treatment ran out after 42 days. From the inpatient rehabilitation facility, Frankie to a halfway house in the same neighborhood where he used to get high. Frankie checked in on a Thursday afternoon and was out on the streets within the hour— he didn’t even get drug tested. He was living with eleven heroin addicts, all of whom were allowed to come and go as they pleased. On Saturday, Frankie went to his mother’s house for more clothes and blankets. She was surprised to see him and asked why he didn’t have any restrictions. When he didn’t answer, his mother told him she was going to check out the halfway house the very next day. Before leaving he said, ‘‘I love you Mom. See you tomorrow.’’ Those were the last words she heard from her son. Frankie died of an IV heroin overdose in the bath-room of the halfway house where someone helped him get high and left him to die. 
JOHN ROBERT ‘‘BOBBY ’’ BAYLIS II —ROANOKE , 
VIRGINIA  Bobby was the oldest of three siblings. He was a funny, kind-hearted kid who played sports in high school. The summer after his freshman year in college, Bobby had ACL surgery and came home with a 90-day supply of OxyContin. That was the summer Bobby became addicted to pain medication. During the following year, Bobby suffered from anxiety and depression. He had trouble keeping up in his classes and Bobby dropped out in the spring. Within six months of re-turning home, Bobby had several run-ins with the police. Bobby’s mom will never forget the moment when she realized that her son was addicted to drugs. She was rustling through his room and found a box in the back of his closet full of childhood memorabilia. Wrapped up tight in Bobby’s baby blanket was a box of hypo-dermic needles. Having a son that was ad-dicted to drugs and in trouble with the law was something Bobby’s mom never expected would happen to her family. Shortly there-after, Bobby fell into a vicious cycle—mov-ing between jail, treatment, recovery, and relapse. Despite the fact that his mom kept trying to get Bobby the treatment he so des-perately he needed, she felt helpless. His mom often thinks that if Bobby had access to better treatment and if he hadn’t been re-stricted to serve probation in Roanoke (the town where all of his connections to drugs were), Bobby would have been better poised to succeed in recovery. Bobby’s addiction was destroying his life and the lives of his entire family. He had sto-len his mother’s credit cards, pawned items from his family’s home and put his mother into financial debt. She laid awake at night worrying that a drug dealer would come to their home and worried that she would re-ceive the call from the police saying that he had overdosed. Bobby was convicted of possession and dis-tribution charges. He spent three years in a Federal Prison Camp. His mom was grateful for this because at least Bobby was safe and drug-free for three years. At the Camp, Bobby received his journeyman’s license as an electrician, was certified in heating and air conditioning, and cultivated his relation-ship to his higher power. When his mom went to visit him, there was light in his eyes, and for the first time in a long time she did not see Bobby overtaken by addiction. When Bobby got out jail and came home, his mom felt like she had Bobby back. He said, ‘‘Mom, I have a second chance at life.’’ Bobby was lucky to get a great job despite his felony record. He worked hard every day of the week; got up at 6 a.m., packed his lunch, and came home by 7 p.m. after a long day’s work. He was proud of his accomplish-ments and got a promotion at work. Then Bobby let people from his past back into his life and his addiction was triggered. In one weekend, Bobby relapsed for the last time. On a sunny Saturday afternoon, he overdosed from heroin laced with fentanyl. His mom found him lying on the floor in his bedroom and the EMS couldn’t revive him. He died on June 6th, 2015 at the age of 28. After the shock of Bobby’s death, his mom felt compelled to speak out in order to change the stigma that surrounds this dis-ease. Since then, many people have told her their stories about a family member who is struggling with addiction or has died of it. These stories are not public knowledge. We need to reach out to families who are strug-gling and grieving. We need to replace judge-ment with respect and support. We need to let them know they are not alone. NICHOLAS ‘‘NICK’’ BERGER —POTTSTOWN , 
PENNSYLVANIA  Nick was a really great guy and a wonder-ful son. He grew up in an average middle- class home, surrounded by family and pets who loved him dearly. He enjoyed many ac-tivities in high school, including football, ROTC, agriculture, and animal husbandry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.150 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1688 December 9, 2016 
From an early age, nature was Nick’s sol-ace. He enjoyed camping, hunting and fish-ing. After graduating high school, he worked as a hunting guide in Wyoming for a couple of seasons tracking elk, mule deer, and ante-lope. During that time, he hunted and fished in Alaska, British Columbia and Canada. He encountered some challenges in the wild but he had good survival skills and could think on his feet. Nick’s father owned a construction busi-ness and when Nick returned home he start-ed working for his dad. Nick was a natural and his father had hopes of passing his busi-ness on to him someday. One day, Nick hurt his shoulder while playing a casual game of football and even-tually had to have surgery. During his recov-ery, the doctor prescribed semi-synthetic opioids. After completing the prescribed dose, Nick sought out supplemental prescrip-tion medication on the street. When illegal prescriptions became too costly, Nick turned to heroin. Nick kept his addiction hidden. His family and closest friends remained clueless about his struggle. He was never in trouble with the law and didn’t miss work. Nick came home for family meals and was rarely out late. He was always an honest kid, so when Nick told his family something, they be-lieved him. Slowly, some of Nick’s behaviors changed. He became moody. He often asked for his paycheck early, kept coming down with flu- like symptoms and started acting depressed. His family didn’t understand what was going on and when they asked, Nick said he had a 24-hr bug. In retrospect, Nick’s family thinks that his opioid drug use went on for at least a couple of years undetected. Eventually, the signs became too apparent and when his family confronted Nick, he said he desperately wanted and welcomed help. Nick told them, ‘‘I have a serious drug problem and I can’t control it.’’ After a couple phone calls, Nick was placed in a local 30-day treatment program in De-cember 2013. Nick’s 30-day program consisted of detox and 12-Step-based therapy. Nick was a good student; he learned about his disease, engaged in discussions with counselors and other residents, and helped others who were also struggling with their addiction. During this time, his family explored more extensive treatment and recovery programs. They wanted to provide Nick with the best possible education and clean living environ-ment to help him turn his life around. Nick agreed to participate in a 90-day inpatient private pay recovery house and was trans-ported to the facility upon completion of the 30-day program. Nick also worked hard in the 90-day inpa-tient program and was praised again by counselors. Eventually, he was given some increased responsibilities that involved speaking with and engaging other residents. He was given the opportunity to speak at an-other facility and had been selected as an interview candidate by CNBC for a segment they were developing on opioid addiction and recovery houses. His family was encouraged by his progress.When the day finally came for Nick to return home, he was welcomed with open arms. After being home for just three weeks and one day, Nick’s disease fooled him into using—‘‘just one more time.’’ Thinking they can use just once, or on occasion, without having the same physical reaction as they did before is common problem for people with a substance abuse disorder. This warped misconception, accompanied by a completely clean body, often leads to overdose or death. The body physically cannot tolerate the same dosage the person was taking to get high before getting clean. On Thursday evening, April 24, 2014, Nick was supposed to go to an outpatient group and then a meeting. He came home late— but, ‘‘looked OK,’’ according to his father. Nick retired to his room and injected crushed Oxycodone before going to bed. When he fell asleep his lungs stopped and his body shut down. His parents found him dead the following morning. Nick was 31. f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MRS. SYLVIA L. HERNANDEZ 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Sylvia L. Hernandez, Regional Administrator for the U.S. General Services Administration’s (GSA) Greater Southwest Re-gion, who will be retiring after 38 years of service Mrs. Hernandez was born on May 31, 1956 in Deming, New Mexico. She attended Deming High School and eventually received her Bachelor of Arts degrees from New Mex-ico State University and the University of Texas at Arlington. She also earned a Mas-ter’s Certification in Telecommunications Man-agement from the University of Dallas, Texas. After college, Mrs. Hernandez would soon join the GSA, starting a career that expanded over three decades. Mrs. Hernandez’s hard work and dedication at GSA allowed her to serve in several impor-tant capacities throughout her time in the or-ganization. She served as Director for the Technical Services Division, Federal Acquisi-tion Service (FAS), in the GSA Greater South-west Region. In addition, she served as the Acting Deputy Regional Administrator for the Greater Southwest Region. Mrs. Hernandez’s experience eventually led her to be appointed as the Acting Regional Administrator for the GSA’s Greater Southwest Region, through which she oversaw all of GSA’s activities in Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas as the Regional Administrator. Mrs. Hernandez’s success with GSA earned her the prestigious FAS Commissioner’s Award. Mrs. Hernandez will now get to spend more time with what she values most: her family, which includes her husband of 38 years, their children, Claudia Hernandez and Eloy Her-nandez, and grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize the service of Mrs. Sylvia L. Hernandez whose dedication to work and family serves as a model for us all. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OUR LADY OF MOUNT CARMEL 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize The Parish of Our Lady of Mount Carmel on the occasion of its 175th anniversary. I am pleased to recog-nize their continued dedication to maintaining one of the oldest parishes in Queens and all of Long Island. Since its founding in 1841, Our Lady of Mount Carmel has been devoted to welcoming all members of the community. The Parish celebrates the rich Queens Borough culture through educational programs and monthly festivities. This has earned it the title ‘‘Mother Church of Queens County.’’ Mount Carmel is one of the few parishes in New York City that has its own parish ceme-tery. Their cemetery reflects the heritage of the early Irish Catholic settlers of Astoria, many of who arrived there to escape Ireland’s potato blight of the late 1840s. Our Lady of Mount Carmel was also the first Catholic com-munity in Queens County to have a resident priest, and the first to conduct Mass in its own church building. Along with English language services, the Parish has performed masses in Spanish since 1977 and has added services in Czech and Slovak as well. Additionally, the Parish has made significant efforts to improve the community through reli-gious and educational programs. They accom-plished this by establishing religion classes for mentally disabled and physically challenged students, religion classes for junior high school students, adult religious education programs, a teen club, and children’s summer programs. The Parish has also established the Young Adult Internship Program, a job-training pro-gram for unskilled youth that teaches valuable workplace skills to roughly 35 students per se-mester, resulting in more employment opportu-nities within the neighborhood. The Parish has devotedly served its Queens community for 175 years, and it is a pleasure to represent this treasured institution in Con-gress. I am proud to salute all the friends, supporters, and parishioners of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, and I extend my sincerest ap-preciation for their dedication to the commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the remarkable history and ex-traordinary work of the Parish of Our Lady of Mount Carmel on its 175th anniversary. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE DES MOINES AREA RELIGIOUS COUNCIL FOOD PANTRY NETWORK IN THE SEC-OND SESSION OF THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Des Moines Area Reli-gious Council (DMARC) Food Pantry Network for their 40 years of service to the food inse-cure citizens of central Iowa. DMARC was founded in 1952 to assist the spiritual needs of the community and to pro-mote moral, social and civic welfare to our fel-low man and woman. In May 1976, DMARC officials established the Food Pantry Network, an emergency food program to help provide services to those in need. In the 40 years since its creation, it has become the largest food pantry network in Iowa, with 11 sites in the Des Moines metropolitan area, including some sites in the Des Moines Independent School District, helping to feed 34,000 people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.151 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1689 December 9, 2016 
annually. The Food Pantry Network is com-prised of 128 member congregations rep-resenting a variety of faiths. These willing vol-unteers provide the much needed food and service hours. In addition to its faithful volun-teers, the Food Pantry Network also benefits from the very generous donations and assist-ance of individuals, businesses, and non- member congregations. Mr. Speaker, I commend The Des Moines Area Religious Council Food Pantry Network on their 40 years of service to food insecure citizens of Central Iowa. Their vital assistance over the last 40 years has given families the certainty they need as they struggle to provide themselves and their children with a warm meal in the comfort of their own home. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating the Food Pantry Network on this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
JOHN RICHARD PAGE —GLOUCESTER , 
MASSACHUSETTS  John Richard Page was a blond-haired, blue-eyed boy who loved playing in the woods and catching any critter that crossed his path. He was a ball of energy: curious, adventurous and fast! The kids in the neigh-borhood called him ‘‘Scrawny Johnny,’’ be-cause by the day’s end he’d burnt off every calorie consumed—and some. He could be reckless, too. One time he bolted across the street without looking and got bumped by a car. He landed under the bumper just inches from the tires. Another time John was stuck in a tree hanging upside down from one boot. As the teenage years rolled in, John start-ed to get in some trouble. It seemed like he was always at the wrong place at the wrong time. He tended to take things to the limit, if he did something he did it all the way. John and his sister fought all of the time at this point. When John and his sister stopped showing up at school, a Child In Need of Services (CHINS) action was filed and my mother was told that because she couldn’t control her kids they should be placed elsewhere. John’s sister was almost 15 and ended up living in three different foster homes. John, who was only twelve, was placed in Juvenile Deten-tion Centers around Boston. John quickly learned how to manipulate the system; if he got tired of being there or afraid of a par-ticular social situation, he would act out— say he heard voices or was suicidal—and they would transfer him to a mental hospital and put him on medication. The swing be-tween hospital and detention center went on for about five years. When John returned home, little by little his family learned what had happened during his time away. John got in fights that were so severe that he had to have various MRI’s to ensure that he didn’t have a brain injury. He was abused by the staff. He was treated like a guinea pig at the mental hospital and put on a variety of powerful medications. John’s experience changed him forever. He came back furious, distrustful, and reliant upon substances for emotional relief. Despite being very bright, John never re-ceived his GED and had trouble getting work. He could fix any vehicle or cell phone. He could build with wood but preferred intri-cate projects that focused on small detail with a lot of parts. His sister thinks that’s what John’s mind felt like—a mix of gears, buttons, wires, sensors, nuts & bolts con-stantly being reassembled. He was also a tal-ented artist. John found peace while camping in the White Mountains in Lincoln, NH. He also found peace alone in his apartment with her-oin. His sister tried everything she could to help him get better. At one point in time, when John was being treated with suboxone, his sister would drive 40 minutes to pick him up and take him to all of his doctor appoint-ments. Sometimes John’s girlfriend came along and when she did she always sat up front and answered questions that were di-rected towards John. When John’s sister asked him why he sat in the back, he said, ‘‘Heidi, I just didn’t want you to see me this way.’’ John made some attempts to get better. Once he tried to check himself into detox but was turned away because he didn’t test posi-tive for heroin. This meant John was inject-ing pure fentanyl. John and his girlfriend tried to detox together by coming to stay with his sister and her boys after Christmas 2015. She left after one day, but John stayed for 11 days. John wasn’t too sick. His sister bought him an assortment of comfort medi-cations and looked up a slew of at-home detox ideas. They went tanning. John got a haircut. John’s sister did his laundry and bought him a new outfit. Over the course of those days, John apologized often and spent a lot of time hanging out with his nephews. John’s sister took tons of pictures during his stay—she was running on hope. During that time, John found out that his girlfriend of 2
1⁄2years didn’t leave just be-cause she wasn’t ready to get better, but also because she was seeing someone else—the fa-ther of his youngest nephew. John was dev-astated, although he wouldn’t admit it. His sister took him to a court appointment and then to a doctor’s appointment. After those appointments, John wanted to go home. His sister thought John’s decision was the wrong decision but she couldn’t physically restrain him. John’s sister talked to him on the phone the night John went home as well as the next night. The following night, John made plans to see his ex-girlfriend. John’s ex- girlfriend called John’s sister at midnight but wasn’t making any sense. John’s sister hung up and dialed 911, where she was trans-ferred to the Marblehead police department who took her information and told her told she would get a call back. A minute later, Detective Brendan Finnegan called John’s sister and said six words that haunts her daily: ‘‘I am sorry for your loss.’’ John’s sis-ter fell to the floor and couldn’t speak. Her 7 year old son was still awake. He shut off the oven, grabbed two pot holders and ever so carefully took the banana bread out of the oven. He placed it on top of the stove and sat down next to her on the floor, holding my hand. John’s sister misses her brother every sin-gle day. On some days she is angry, on others she is sad. John’s mother is forever broken. John’s middle nephew lost his dad the same way three years before ‘‘Uncle Johnny’s’’ death. When the nephew found out, he punched a hole in the bathroom wall, sobbed uncontrollably, swore, kicked the trash bar-rel until it broke and when he was exhausted just cried in his mother’s arms. John’s family has used this awful experi-ence to help teach and educate others about how serious this problem is. Their family will never be OK. Losing a loved one has been the hardest thing John’s family has ever experienced. John was 33 years old when he passed away on January 29, 2016. JOHN M . PERKINS , JR.—NEWARK , DELAWARE  John’s mother was thrilled when her first child was a boy. She named him John after his father and grandfather. He was an ador-able, active baby who climbed out of his crib early and managed to get into everything. That amazing store of energy never left him; John always pushed to do a little bit better, run faster, jump higher. He did well in school and was the life of the party. When John got to college, a series of stressful events lead him to begin experi-menting with drugs with friends at ‘‘pill par-ties’’ (various kinds of drugs are tossed into a bowl and taken at random). He began using opiate pain relievers like Percocet and Oxycontin. John and his mother had a close relation-ship and she was shocked when she found out that he was addicted to drugs. ‘‘He was smart and had his whole life ahead of him,’’ she said. ‘‘I couldn’t believe this was hap-pening to us. I felt scared and alone.’’ Liz spent every waking minute trying to get him help and educating herself about the disease of addiction. During a period of sobriety, John came home one night upset because someone had hit his parked car. His mother tried to calm him down, but he was inconsolable and went straight to his room. When his mother heard his car pulling out of the driveway minutes later, her stomach sank. The next morning John said, ‘‘Mom, I fucked up again.’’ De-spite being furious and terrified, his mother held him and told him that she loved him and that he would have to fight addiction for the rest of his life. She was right there with him. A few days later, John’s mother got a call from John’s girlfriend who was in hysterics. She had come home from work and found John unconscious on the bathroom floor. She called 911 and an ambulance had taken him to the hospital. Liz and her husband rushed to the ER but it was too late to say goodbye. John was on life support for 36 hours before being pronounced dead on May 5, 2011. He was only 30 years old. When Liz lost John, her life lost all of its meaning but her other child and husband helped her to carry on. According to Liz, los-ing a child to a drug overdose is made all the more difficult because the sympathy that most parents receive after going through such a loss is too often replaced with judge-ment, accusations, and silence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.154 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1690 December 9, 2016 
After losing John, Liz realized she couldn’t keep quiet about her experience. In writing John’s obituary, his family was open about his struggles with addiction. Liz and her hus-band played a vital role in the passing of the Good Samaritan Law in Delaware and con-tinue to tell their story and fight to end the epidemic. By sharing their experience, they hope to bring substance abuse into the public consciousness. 
MARK ALLEN PERRIN —MIAMI , FLORIDA  Mark Allen Perrin was born in Miami, Florida and was raised in Fort Lauderdale. When he was born, Mark was a beautiful, curly headed blonde baby boy, with hazel green eyes. Mark loved movies. He could tell you all of the actors by name and could imitate their voices and characters. Mark grew up to be-come quite a character himself. He had the wit of Jim Carrey and Robin Williams com-bined. Mark was also a people person and could draw anyone in; especially his friends who would always flock to him. Mark aspired to be a dancer and he had the moves for it as well. His mother would al-ways tell him he should be on stage, but rather as an actor because he could cry on cue, was a master manipulator, and he had the look for it—every girl would do a double take when they crossed his path. On January 19, 2016, Mark died from an ac-cidental heroin overdose. He was just re-leased from jail five days prior after being held for 44 days. Mark went into jail with two oxycodone pills hidden in his boxers. Upon his release he entered a sober house, and ingested those pills. His mother received a call on his first night at the sober house, telling her that she had to go pick Mark up because he tested positive on his drug test. The next morning she picked Mark up and took him to the emergency room. Mark had to appear in court as a result. The judge ordered mandatory entry into a drug treatment facility, or he would not be able to have a bail bond. Mark promised to go if his mother let him come home, take a shower, and spend $25 on snacks. Instead, he spent $190 on drugs, without her knowledge. When his mother found out about his drug purchase with her money, she said, ‘‘Mark, this is the last time you will steal from me.’’ Well, it was the last time. That night his mother felt Mark leaving this earth. She called and called, to no an-swer. Mark was found at 3 p.m. the next day—face down and stiff in his mother’s bathroom. 
JOSH POWELL —EAST HAVEN , CONNECTICUT  Josh Powell was an amazing brother, uncle, son, and husband. He excelled at ev-erything he did. In high school, Josh was an exceptional athlete and shined in both foot-ball and basketball. He also showed great passion for carpentry and became a master of the craft. Josh’s struggles began when he first start-ed experimenting with alcohol and mari-juana in high school. His experimentation continued through his twenties, but later he managed to straighten himself out. Josh started his own construction company; which became very successful. Josh was adored by all his customers and employees. He would always go out of his way to help anyone in need without any hesitation. Josh had to undergo surgery and he was prescribed opiates to help manage the pain. Soon after, his behavior began to change. Josh became secretive and dismissive—a complete stranger. Opioids robbed Kelly of her beloved hus-band. She watched Josh disappear into a world of lies, theft, and desperation; things she didn’t think were possible. It broke her heart. On July 18, 2015, Josh lost his battle with opioid addiction. He died from intoxica-tion of heroin laced with fentanyl, just 18 months after being prescribed opiates from his surgery. Josh was 37 years old. JUSTIN MICHAEL PRATT —CHERRY , ILLINOIS  Justin was his family’s youngest and only son. He was a cute, blonde-haired boy who could make you mad one minute and laugh the next. ‘‘Buddy,’’ as he was known to friends and family, enjoyed fishing, snowmobiling, boating, four-wheeling and bonfires. On November 11, 2011, Justin died from a heroin overdose. He was 26 years old when a friend found him dead in his apartment. Jus-tin had struggled with addiction for over 10 years. He never wanted to talk about how bad it was and distanced himself from his family when he was actively using. His mother believes he had an undiagnosed men-tal illness, as he often struggled in school and other structured environments. It was due to this struggle that Justin began to self medicate—it was his misguided attempt to cope. One of the saddest aspects about Justin’s addiction was how it eventually turned him into someone he never wanted to become and whom others didn’t want to be around. His family held onto the hope that Justin would defeat his demons someday and go on to live a healthy and fulfilling life. On that fall day when he was found dead, that hope vanished and his family’s life changed forever. Justin is missed every minute of everyday! 
MICHAEL RAGONE —CHARLOTTE , NORTH  
CAROLINA  Michael Ragone struggled with heroin ad-diction for over 10 years. He died on January 17, 2016, of an accidental overdose in his hometown of Charlotte, NC, while visiting from Phoenix Arizona. He was 30 years old. Michael loved fishing, football, poker, jokes, his girlfriend, family and friends. He was hysterically funny—his sense of humor was sarcastic and edgy. He used to sing songs in Italian that he had memorized. He could light up a room with his smile and big per-sonality. Michael was ashamed of his addiction and always thought he could beat it on his own. One of his last texts to his mother was, ‘‘love u 2 Moms . . . Don’t let fear control you . . . I know how bad this sounds but I promise I will not make you bury me. I’m going to outlive u.’’ He didn’t mean to leave his family. It was an accident. Again, he was lured by a cun-ning drug that destroys impulse control. Again, he was crushed under the shame and stigma of being addicted. He used alone and died alone. 
JAMES ATTICUS JOHN -PAUL -GEORGE & RINGO  
RALLS —EMMAUS , PENNSYLVANIA  On August 17th, 2014, James Atticus John- Paul-George & Ringo Ralls, died alone in his bedroom of a heroin overdose. On August 16th, he was alive and making an 18 year old’s plans: to retake the driver’s permit test he had failed the week before, to get a job at the local tavern, and, to find an affordable music studio to record his rap demo. Kids in town called him ‘‘Yung G’’—short for ‘Young Gun’ or ‘Young Ganja.’ His rep-utation for extensive drug use was well- earned and paid for with numerous overdoses, drug-related injuries and repeated run-ins with the juvenile court system. James’ problems began when his father was diagnosed with cancer and died just two months later in their home. James was only 10 years old. Their father’s death blew the Ralls family apart; James’ older step-brothers scattered and James and his mother moved from New York to Emmaus, Pennsyl-vania. James didn’t have any mental health or ju-venile delinquency issues in New York, but when we moved to Emmaus he was intro-duced to marijuana by some older kids in town. At the age of 12, James became the youngest person ever to be expelled from the East Penn School District, where his mother had once graduated with honors. He was caught buying $5 worth of marijuana for a friend at school. That same year, James began attending an outpatient drug and alcohol program and seeing a therapist, as well as a psychiatrist, who diagnosed him with PTSD, depression, bipolar disorder (triggered by his depression medication), anxiety and polysubstance de-pendence. He was repeatedly hospitalized overnight for overdoses on various sub-stances. In the fall of 2011, when James was 15, a sympathetic probation officer helped his mother strong-arm him into a treatment center, with the threat of lock-up if he didn’t stay until his counselors felt he was ready to return home. This turned out to be a miracle. Within four short months, James went from being immersed in drug culture to someone com-mitted to recovery. He remained enthusiasti-cally, happily sober until July 7, 2012, his late father’s birthday, when James was struck in the foot by illegal fireworks that were being shot off at a pool party. The fire-work blew up in his sneaker and caused 2nd and 3rd degree burns. In the ER, James told the doctors that he had a substance abuse disorder and begged them not to use fentanyl, for fear of relapse. Despite this warning, he was forced to take various pain medications and hypnotic agents while un-dergoing medical treatment for his foot in-jury. Six weeks after finishing his prescribed round of pain medications, James began to relapse into the abuse of illicit substances, which triggered further arrests, hospitaliza-tions, another week in treatment, which he refused to stay, and in March of 2013, a syn-thetic acid overdose that landed him in the hospital with facial lacerations (from bang-ing his head against a wall) and a broken col-larbone (from a police officer wrestling him into an ambulance). Miraculously, James did manage to get sober again, but his will to fight was de-pleted and he suffered repeated relapses until August 16th, when he and a fellow member of Narcotics Anonymous smoked heroin on the back porch of his mother’s home while she was asleep. When his mother went to wake him up the next morning, he was gone—dead in his bed. Less than six months later the other young man died of a heroin overdose as well. His body was found on the bathroom floor of a local hotel. JENNIFER REYNOLDS —SPENCER , INDIANA  In January 2009, a Pinellas County Deputy showed up at Sharon Blair’s door and deliv-ered the news that her daughter, Jennifer Reynolds, had died of a drug overdose. Jen-nifer was a bright, fun, and loving individual. She enjoyed cheerleading, speed skating and softball. She was very creative and artistic. Jennifer enjoyed staying current with fash-ion, hair, makeup and nails. She wanted to be a fashion designer and makeup artist. Jennifer was a delightful sister, daughter, friend and mother to her only son, Trey. As Jennifer battled her Substance Use Disorder, her passion shifted and she desired to help others who were also struggling with the same disease. She felt it takes one who has experienced it, to really know what addic-tion is all about and help people. Jennifer was very close to her mother and together, they fought a gallant battle to get to the other side of her addiction. However, the day of recovery never came. Sadly, Jennifer died January 15, 2009 in Largo, Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.156 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1691 December 9, 2016 
Fueled by the pain of her loss and anger over what she felt was a preventable death, Jennifer’s mother has spent the past seven years working as a social justice advocate and pushing the Jennifer Act, a bill named after her daughter, that would empower fam-ilies to help loved ones who are struggling with addiction. Jennifer Reynolds had been struggling with an addiction to prescription pills for over a decade before her death. Over the course of that time, Sharon Blair sought the state’s help and filed five different petitions under the Marchman Act, which allows for the involuntary treatment of substance abusers for three days. Only one of the peti-tions was granted, and 72 hours wasn’t enough time to help her daughter: According to Sharon, ‘‘Jennifer was dying in front of me.’’ 
DOMENIC & VINCENT ROSA —SEABROOK , NEW 
HAMPSHIRE  Domenic and Vincent Rosa were the oldest of six children. They were good sons, broth-ers, cousins and friends. They both had big hearts and were remarkably compassionate people. They did mixed martial arts, skateboarded, cooked, played ice hockey for many years and taught skating clinics to kids who adored them. They were decent stu-dents and most importantly, they were re-spectful. They both began battling with sub-stance abuse at the age of 14. They would manage to be ‘‘good’’ for a while—trying to manage their demons—before falling down again. Both boys eventually lost the fight. Their family considers themselves blessed to have known Domenic and Vincent and are grateful for their short stay with them. They both gave their family the guidance to help others. After losing his two eldest sons, Chucky Rosa vowed to make a difference through awareness and education. In an effort to reach those who are suffering from addiction or trying to help a loved one, he visits schools and treatment centers to tell his story and educate young audiences about the dangers of substance abuse. If Chucky can save at least one child by sharing his experi-ence of loss, strength and hope, it is all worth it. Domenic and Vincent were cremated and their family spread their ashes into the ocean. Now, Chucky wakes up each morning and takes a dip in the sea, regardless of the weather. He starts his day with both of them. 
JESSICA MARY MILLER —GLENSHAW , 
PENNSYLVANIA  Jessica Mary Miller died at the age of 31. Jessica struggled with addiction for 15 years and was also afflicted with severe mental ill-ness. Jessica died at the hands of her mentally ill boyfriend. She had been in the relation-ship for only five months and thought she found the ‘‘love’’ of her life. Jessica had been doing much better than she had been in the past, and her mother was hopeful she may be ready to overcome her struggles with addic-tion. But like many women who battle addic-tion, she desired a partner who would make her feel worthy and wanted. It didn’t matter what they looked like, how old they were, or what they provided financially—she just needed assurance from a romantic relation-ship. One night, after Jessica’s boyfriend’s un-employment check came in, they got into a fight about how the money was going to be spent. Her mother only assumes this was the main argument from the phone call she got from Jessica that night. After they spoke on the phone at approximately 10 PM, the police were at Jessica’s mother’s door at 5 AM to tell her Jessica had been strangled and was found outside the steps of her apartment. At first, the police told her mother that Jessica died by suicide but the boyfriend was later charged and convicted for murder by stran-gulation and is now serving 25 years in jail. Jessica’s mother is writing to show that not only drug overdoses are killing our chil-dren, but also the fallout of both drug use and mental instability. Not only girlfriends or spouses, but the innocent children who can’t fend for themselves when their parents are so engulfed in their addiction. It has been three years since Jessica’s death and there isn’t a day that goes by that her mother doesn’t think of her. Many might find this strange, but her mother does not hate the person who took Jessica’s life, as he is just as sick as Jessica was. They chose to be together and she knew what he was like, and chose to stay. A mentally healthy per-son would not put herself in that position. This was not Jessica’s only bad romantic re-lationship, they were all bad, and her addic-tion drove her from one bad relationship to another. f STEVE RAUKAR: TIRELESS ADVOCATE FOR THE NORTHLAND 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Steve Raukar of Kelly Lake, Min-nesota for his 33 years of exceptional public service. Steve will be retiring from the St. Louis County, Minnesota Board of County Commissioners this January, and having worked with Steve on many projects in the Northland I want to wish him the very best in his much deserved retirement. In every one of Steve’s many roles he goes above and be-yond to ensure residents of Northeastern Min-nesota receive the best possible services from St. Louis County. Steve and I have worked together on many projects across St. Louis County, from an ex-pansion project at the Port of Duluth/Superior to Federal funding issues at the Arrowhead Economic Opportunity Agency, to the pro-posed Northern Lights Express Minneapolis to Duluth/Superior passenger rail line. He is a tireless advocate for his constituents and throughout his career has improved the lives of countless Minnesotans. Steve is retiring from the St. Louis County Board of County Commissioners after serving 28 years on the board. Prior to that he served on the Hibbing school board and on the staff of then Minnesota Lt. Governor Rudy Perpich. He is no stranger to hard work and even after retirement will continue to serve on several boards of other organizations in the region. I ask my colleagues in Congress to join me in recognizing Commissioner Steve Raukar for his career of dedicated service to residents of Northeastern Minnesota. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF MRS. LUPITA CORTEZ 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of one of Laredo’s most passionate educators, Lupita Cortez. Mrs. Cortez was born in Laredo, Texas on the 16th of February in 1956 to Teresa and Vicente Gutierrez. After graduating high school in 1974, she earned a Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education from Texas A&M— Kingsville and a Master of Science in Edu-cational Administration from Texas A&M Inter-national University. Her passion for learning led her to dedicate her life to teaching the chil-dren of Laredo through the Laredo Inde-pendent School District, where she worked to better students’ lives for over 35 years. Mrs. Cortez’s devotion to the school district led her to assume the role of principal at the elementary, middle and high school levels. She ended her career in education at Don Jose Gallego Elementary School, a school given its name to appreciate and honor the contributions of her very own grandfather. Throughout her life and career, Mrs. Cortez, was always held in high regard because of her unwavering belief in love and selflessness, as well as her steadfast leadership. Through a combination of optimism and strong will, Mrs. Cortez worked hard to bring out the best in everyone in her company. This extended to her children as well, who have gone on to excel in the fields of education, medicine and law. She held herself to the highest of stand-ards in both her professional and personal life, and this was reflected in the way that she interacted with those around her: treating ev-eryone with the utmost kindness and respect. Mrs. Cortez is survived by her parents, Te-resa and Vicente Gutierrez; siblings, Vicente (Gloria) Gutierrez, Jr., Teresita Gutierrez, Margie Gutierrez, Javier (Elvira) Gutierrez and Nora (Ernesto) Meza; husband, Oscar Cortez; and children, Christine Alyson Cortez, James Vincent Cortez, M.D., Leslie Ann Cortez and Oscar Cortez, Jr. Her legacy will remain strong through the seeds of hope, wisdom and endurance that she planted in those around her. The mentoring and guidance that she pro-vided will persevere throughout the community she touched. Her passion for serving others through her love of education will not be for-gotten, and her dedication to her work is a model that all should strive to emulate. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to remember the legacy of Lupita Cortez. f 
IN HONOR OF 100 YEARS OF ACTIV-ISM BY THE WOMEN’S CITY CLUB OF NEW YORK 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the Wom-en’s City Club of New York (WCCNY) in rec-ognition of a century of activism. Committed to giving women a voice, WCCNY has been a leading advocate for women’s rights and equality. In 1915, women in New York still could not vote, but they took their citizenship very seri-ously. After realizing that they would soon gain the ballot, 100 suffragettes gathered in New York City to found WCCNY as a place where they could learn about issues and influence public policy. These women wasted no time in tackling the complex problems of their day, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.157 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1692 December 9, 2016 
such as the abuse of women in sweatshops, intolerable tenement living conditions, and the lack of opportunities for many people in our society. Many celebrated women joined the organi-zation. Eleanor Roosevelt became a member when she was first lady of New York State and served as WCCNY’s legislative director. Frances Perkins, a NYC labor leader who later became the first female cabinet member in the history of the United States when she was ap-pointed as Franklin D Roosevelt’s Secretary of Labor. As Secretary of Labor, she helped cre-ate Social Security, which kept millions of sen-iors and disabled people out of poverty. Other notable and highly respected members in-cluded Alice Duer Miller, WCCNY’s first presi-dent; Ida Tarbell, legendary muckraking jour-nalist; Virginia Gildersleeve, a WWII WAVES commander and Dean of Barnard College; Dorothy Schiff, president and publisher of the New York Post; celebrated actress Helen Hayes; and nurse-midwife Ruth Watson Lubic, who was the founder of the National Associa-tion of Childbearing Centers and winner of a 1993 MacArthur ‘‘Genius Grant.’’ Since its inception in 1915, WCCNY has ac-complished astounding feats for women in New York City and set a precedent for future generations of women’s rights activists. In the early days, suffragettes took on many issues including a campaign to allow physicians to le-gally dispense birth control information in 1917, opening the nation’s first free maternity center in 1918, and ensuring the passage of WCCNY’s draft of New York State’s first child labor laws in the 1940s. More recently, the or-ganization has created videos that promote HIV/AIDS awareness among youth, worked to improve campaign finance reform laws, advo-cated for national health care reform, and had a major role in the NYC Charter Revision. Continuing to make a difference in New Yorkers’ lives is at the heart of WCCNY’s work. To ensure that government fairly and ef-fectively serves all of the city’s residents, WCCNY undertakes a rigorous process of identifying and analyzing major issues facing the city and state. Having reached its centen-nial year, citizen participation remains the or-ganization’s primary focus, along with the con-tinuation of its game-changing advocacy on issues that most impact New Yorkers. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Women’s City Club of New York for a century of civic achievements and in celebrating its current and past members for their perseverance and advocacy in the fight to end injustice and ensure equality for women. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. TRAVIS CLAY ROSE —MARSHALL , VIRGINIA  Travis was the youngest of four children and a joy to all who met him, of which there were many; he was a very outgoing person. From a young age he could always make his family laugh. While reflecting back on his life, it never seemed to be an easy one. Travis always seemed to have problems to overcome but for the most part, he managed to deal with them in a positive manner. Looking back over the years, I realize that Travis was like so many others who have anxiety and depression issues. He worked constantly to make those around him feel happy and comfortable while in the meantime he was struggling with his own issues. Travis started medicating or ex-perimenting with drugs in his early teenage years. Unlike so many people who become addicted, he never had a problem with alco-hol but worked his way through the lineup of marijuana, pills, and then opioids. If there is one thing his family would want people to remember about Travis, it would be his love for his family. He loved his moth-er, his brother, sisters, young nieces and nephews. Regardless of his own struggles, Travis always took the time to guide them through all aspects of their lives—he cared deeply. His family was so hopeful about Travis beating his addiction and moving on with his life. He was in jail for a probation violation for about six months and then moved in with his sister for three months. His family be-lieves Travis was clean for those nine months but unfortunately, after getting out of jail he had no health insurance, and he stopped taking medication for depression and anxiety. Travis was making changes in his life and posting publicly about them. He talked about his desire to start a family and own a business of his own someday. He was one of the first people in our area to become a cer-tified tree worker from the International So-ciety of Arboriculture. He took pride in his job and was very good at it. Finally he seemed to be focusing on his own life. But it took just once. On May 12, 2015, Travis gave into temptation and it took his life. That Easter, Travis bought his mother a beautiful pink dogwood tree. On Mother’s Day, two days before he died, Travis gave his mother a yellow knockout rose bush. They are both planted in the memorial garden that his mother made in Travis’ honor. They grow alongside other plants, stones, and fea-tures. His mother couldn’t spend Christmas with Travis this year, so she put a solar pow-ered tree on his memorial spot. It was the closest she could get to him. Losing Travis has left a huge hole in his mother’s world, but she knows his death has helped others to live and he will always re-main in their hearts. He would be proud of the progress that has been made. 
TONY SABAT —CLEVELAND , OHIO Tony Sabat lost his battle with substance use disorder and is now one of the #129aDay who lose their lives to this disease. Tony is not defined by his disease; he was so much more than that. He was a loving son, broth-er, nephew, grandson, cousin, and friend. He cared more for others than he did himself. There wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do to help his friends and family. At the age of seven, his family noticed that Tony was exhibiting some ‘‘red flag’’ behav-iors. As the years went on Tony suffered from terrible mood swings and bouts of anger. His family took him to see a child psychiatrist when he was 12 because he was frequently depressed, angry, and suffering from terrible insomnia. Tony was diagnosed with rapid cycling bipolar disorder; there-fore, he was put on antidepressant medica-tions and a mood stabilizer. At 13, we put him in an intensive outpatient program for a week. By this time Tony was frustrated with the medications and their side effects and began engaging in self injurious behavior. Tony’s family thought that he was taking his medication but discovered that he would hide his pills under the carpet in his room. Instead of complying with taking his meds, he opted to self-medicate with marijuana, and then alcohol. By 20 years old, Tony had a full-blown ad-diction to alcohol. While trying to detox at home, he suffered grand mal seizures and was hospitalized for a week. Tony was hallu-cinating and delusional for the first several days of this hospitalization. In February of 2009, he made his first phone call to get on the waiting list at a treatment facility. He was told the wait could be up to two weeks, but the next day they had a bed for him. After completing the 28 day program, Tony was back on his medications and had a great outlook on life. He was committed to going to AA meetings and living a sober life. This lasted for about two years. After having dental surgery, Tony was pre-scribed Percocet and started to backslide. It became apparent that he was using the pain medication more than was prescribed. His path to intravenous heroin started with abusing prescription opioids and Xanax. Tony’s life started spiraling out of control from his heroin use. On July 2, 2014, after a self-injurious inci-dent and having a 72 hour psychiatric hold put on him, Tony once again made the call to get on the waiting list for treatment. The next day he entered his second treatment program, but this time for his opioid addic-tion. Tony completed another 28 day pro-gram, and afterwards opted to go into sober living—to be away from the triggers in his hometown. After six weeks of living there, Tony was kicked out. He decided it would be best to stay in that town and moved into his own apartment. Two weeks later Tony lost his job and was in a full-blown alcohol and intravenous heroin relapse. On October 13, 2014, Tony left for his third and final stint in treatment. This time he was in treatment for 40 days and returned home November 13th. 48 hours later, on No-vember 15th, Tony died of an overdose from heroin laced with fentanyl. He was 25 years old. BOBBY SATRE —JEFFERSONTON , VIRGINIA  Bobby Satre died of a heroin overdose on April 18, 2015, after a 13-year struggle with addiction. He was 31 years old. His addiction to heroin did not start with prescription medication use as it does for so many, but emerged after years of experimenting with various drugs. Even as a young boy, Bobby was curious about so many things. His family first real-ized he was using drugs at the end of his sen-ior year of high school, when they found a marijuana pipe—he denied that it was his. A few months after that incident, Bobby left to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.160 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1693 December 9, 2016 
attend James Madison University, his top choice school. During college he got into Crystal Meth. He called his family one day in tears saying he had been up for days and that he needed help. They were in shock and eager to get Bobby home. Bobby then at-tended a 30-day treatment center and his family were hopeful that this would mark the end of his drug use. Although, Bobby attempted to return to his studies at RAU, he never completed his degree there. Instead, he attended a commu-nity college where he completed an associ-ate’s degree and graduated with honors. While back at home Bobby worked in res-taurants and other random jobs to pay the bills. It was during this time that he got in-volved in heroin. Over the next several years, Bobby was arrested several times for heroin possession, and overdosed several times. On many of these occasions he agreed to wear a wire while going out on buys in order to re-duce his charges. Our family was in private agony—we couldn’t believe that we had a child who would go so far as to put a needle in his arm. During an annual weekend trip to Green Bay, WI, for an NFL game, Bobby’s family received a call saying that Bobby had overdosed and was in bad shape. Bobby was placed in the ICU and was barely hanging on; it took him several days to stabilize. After-wards Bobby was admitted to another treat-ment program. Again, his family were con-fident that once he completed the program he would be on the fast track to recovery. When Bobby got out he was attending NA meetings and working the program. He land-ed a very good sales job with a packaging firm in Maryland and moved into a condo a few years later. He also had a very special woman in his life with whom he’d been friends with for several years. They began to discuss marriage. His sales numbers at work increased as the months went by. Finally, everything seemed to be going right. Bobby died alone in his condo after a night out celebrating a friend’s birthday. His friends asked him to stay over but he wanted to go home. Those 13 years when he was bat-tling addiction were a living hell for his en-tire family. They didn’t think that anyone else could possibly understand and they feared being judged by both friends and fam-ily. Bobby told his family how much he hated heroin and what power it had over him. He said it invaded his dreams—that he thought about it every single day. The only comfort I can find while dealing with this grief is the knowledge that he is free from his struggles with heroin and finally at peace. 
EMMETT J . SCANNELL —MANSFIELD , 
MASSACHUSETTS  On April 20, 2016 Emmett J. Scannell lost his battle to Substance Use Disorder and died of a heroin overdose. He was 20 years old. Emmett was the average American teen; he loved video games and BMX biking. He was a caring, funny, smart young man with the potential for greatness. Emmett was the adored older brother to Zachary (age 18) and Alice (age 9). He had a smile and charm that could light up a room—but heroin stole that from him. As teenagers often do, Emmett ex-perimented with marijuana in high school, but after a bad experience with a synthetic substance referred to as ‘‘spice’’ or ‘‘K2,’’ he entered recovery and was sober for his Jun-ior and Senior year of high school. Emmett went on to graduate from Bridgewater- Raynham Regional High School in May of 2014 as a National Honor Society scholar with a 4.27 GPA. In September of 2014, Emmett went to Worcester State University to study Com-puter Science. His biggest worry at the time was leaving his high school sweetheart be-hind. Within six weeks of beginning college, heroin entered Emmett’s life. Within eight-een short months, heroin stole Emmett from his family. During those long months, Emmett’s mother did everything in her power to help him, and if love alone could have saved him—Emmett would still be here. Unfortunately, in the early stages of his struggle with addiction, Emmett’s mother was unaware of the trips he took to the hos-pital due to overdoses—HIPAA laws pre-vented her from accessing that information because he was eighteen. As Emmett’s dis-ease progressed, adequate treatment pro-grams were cost prohibitive (upwards of $30,000 out of pocket) and nothing beyond a 5- day detox program was considered ‘‘medi-cally necessary.’’ Outpatient day programs, private counseling, even the monthly Vivitrol shot were no match for this disease. Since losing her son in April, Emmett’s mother has been very open about the cir-cumstances leading up to his death—about his struggle with Substance Use Disorder and specifically with heroin. This disease is not something to be ashamed of or hidden. Substance Use Disorder is a disease that has to be brought out into the light and ad-dressed. We are losing loved ones every day to this horrible epidemic. Emmett’s mother has vowed not to let her son’s death be in vain. She is working to stop the stigma, pro-mote awareness, promote education, pro-mote early intervention and promote preven-tion as well as lobby for access to treatment for all suffering from this disease. She al-ways told Emmett that he was her sunshine. Emmett’s mother will continue to shine that light into the lives of others in his honor. CANDACE BROOKE SHELTON —WISE, VIRGINIA  Candace was such a special child. She was a pleaser; she loved to make people happy and feel good. She made friends easily and people loved to be around her. However, Candace did keep a lot inside too and would hide her pain in many different ways. When she was going through adolescence, she began to eat to cover the pain she felt. She struggled a lot with insecurities. In her early twenties, Candace was dealing with identity issues and decided to confirm what her family already knew—she was gay. Candace never wanted to disappoint anyone and felt like she was letting people down. This led to a lot of wrong decisions including drinking, doing drugs, and texting and driv-ing one night which led to a near fatal car accident. She had flipped her vehicle several times and was in critical condition with lots of internal injuries. They had to amputate her left leg and she was in a coma for almost two months. Finally it happened, defying all odds— Candace awoke. The nurses called her their ‘‘miracle girl.’’ But then Candace had to come to the reality that her life had changed dramatically; she could no longer walk. She struggled with trying to adjust to a different way of life. She tried a prosthetic leg, but due to the injuries in her right leg, she never really gained use of it. Candace left the hos-pital on lots of medication, including mor-phine and Fentanyl patches. She was weaned off those drugs, but it was the beginning of the addiction that would eventually end her life. Candace continued with pain medications, but at this time she was prescribed Oxycodone, and later Xanax for anxiety. Afterwards, she had moved in with a person she had met on Facebook and they were in a relationship. It wasn’t the best situation for Candace because this person was abusing substances; adding fuel to the flame. Candace sent her mother a text on a Mon-day night, asking if she could drive her to her doctor’s appointment the next day. Candace’s mother told her she was not able to and ending up arguing. Candace ended up finding a way to the doctors, where she was prescribed more pain medication and Xanax. She texted her mother that evening, but she was being stubborn and was going to let her stew for a bit. It was the day before Thanks-giving and thought she would just make-up with Candace when they were together. But that day never came. Her mother received a call around 3 a.m. Thanksgiving morning that Candace had passed away that night from an overdose. The autopsy confirmed that Candace had taken a lethal dose of both her medications. Apparently she had started to overdose the previous day, falling out of her wheelchair. The people Candace was with kept putting her back to bed, instead of calling 911; they were afraid of getting Candace’s medications taken away. The girl Candace was living with overdosed just two days later on the same medication that Candace had. Candance’s family’s lives changed forever that Thanksgiving morning in 2013. CODY , SHUMWAY —HEMET , CALIFORNIA  Cody was his mother’s first born son. He was a loving, caring, brilliant, gifted and funny individual. He was a joy to be around and had many friends. Cody began experi-menting with drugs and alcohol at the age of 14 and very quickly we realized that he had a serious problem. After two stints in treat-ment during his junior year of high school, Cody stayed off of hard drugs for 15 years. Cody was a musical and math genius and after college he moved to Hawaii to become a high school math teacher. He was living his dream of surfing big waves and working a job that he loved. His students loved him as well. Cody got injured surfing and was pre-scribed Vicodin. After 15 years sober from hard drugs, Cody fell back into his disease of addiction almost immediately. He finally agreed to go to treatment and while he was there he helped many others with their issues. He was such a likeable guy that peo-ple enjoyed his company no matter where he was. After 10 months of hard-won sobriety, Cody lost his battle to the disease of addic-tion on July 26, 2012, just two days after completing his Master’s Degree. He died of an overdose of heroin and alcohol. 
CALEB SMYTHIA —LOUDON , TENNESSEE  Caleb Smythia, oldest of four, was his mother’s biggest fan and the idol of his brother and two sisters. Caleb was a great cook, loved all kinds of music and had a pas-sion for playing the guitar. Music became so much a part of Caleb’s life because he found it to be therapeutic. Caleb’s struggles began at age 16. He went through many rough patches and began abusing methamphetamine. When objects and money kept missing at home, his mother filed an unruly charge against him and Caleb became a child of the state. He spent over a year and a half in three different foster homes and one group home. Unfortunately, Caleb was never placed in a treatment facil-ity, even though he relapsed and tested posi-tive for five different drugs in his system. When Caleb eventually went home, he seemed to have his life back on track. After graduating high school, Caleb had hopes of going to culinary school. However, within days after graduating, Caleb returned to his old friends who were abusing methamphet-amine and pills. Eventually, problems with Caleb were so bad that his mother told him he was no longer welcome in her home. One late night in the pouring rain, Caleb knocked on the door. His mother told Caleb she would take him to the ER or to a treatment facility but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.162 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1694 December 9, 2016 
he couldn’t come into the house. Even though Caleb was at such a low point and begged for help, the ER turned him away. Another night Caleb arrived at his moth-er’s door bloodied and broken. Caleb had been beaten and tortured for two hours by eight members of the local college baseball team. One of the players had given Caleb $35 and asked him to get Percocet. Caleb was so deep in his addiction that he kept the money in order to get a fix. To retaliate, the team forced a mutual friend to trick Caleb into another drug deal. When Caleb went to meet the friend, he was abducted, thrown in the back of a truck, and held down by his throat. The baseball team drove Caleb to a field where he was kicked and stomped while curled in a fetal position. Caleb begged for his life and promised to pay them $50 if they let him go. The next day, two of the boys came to Caleb’s mother’s house to get the money. One of them was holding the same baseball bat they had used to break Caleb’s knee the night before. Three of the eight boys were charged and convicted of felony assault for which they received 10 years pro-bation. Caleb refused to testify against his attackers in court because he felt like he de-served the beating. Caleb’s family soon moved and everything seemed to be well again. However, Caleb’s mother worked two jobs and didn’t know that Caleb was getting into his grand-mother’s pain pills. Caleb went to live 200 miles away with his father. Unfortunately, Caleb wasn’t kept safe—his father also had a substance abuse disorder. Caleb overdosed and died on Christmas morning of 2015, after being sold black market pills that contained fentanyl. 
RYAN JOSEPH SOUDER —LINWOOD , NEW JERSEY  Ryan Souder died in October of 2012 to a heroin overdose. In September, Ryan was at his lowest; he was homeless and couldn’t get a job so he just walked around all day. He asked his mother for help and, like so many times before, she called every place that she could think of but there were no beds avail-able. She took him to the emergency room and the doctor wasn’t very helpful. He said that if Ryan wanted to get sober, he would have to do it on his own. The doctor gave them some medication to help with the with-drawals and Ryan and his mother sat in a hotel room together for almost a week while he detoxed. The doctor said to watch him. Many times over the course of that week Ryan’s mother stood over him while he slept, just to make sure he was still breathing. Days later, she was finally able to get a bed for Ryan and they drove to the treatment center. Ten days into detox Ryan called and begged his mother to come get him. She told him that he needed to stay and get better. The director of the treatment center called her a few hours later to say that Ryan had called one of his friends instead. The man was on his way to pick Ryan up. Within a month Ryan died alone in that ‘‘friend’s’’ guest room. Ryan had just turned 21. Ryan was adored by everyone that knew him; he was funny, handsome, smart, com-passionate, and athletic. Ryan was a son, brother, best friend, nephew, and grandson. He loved his family very much and was al-ways asking after everyone, he even called from jail and while he was living on the streets. Ryan dropped out of high school during his junior year in high school and never got the chance to walk at graduation or get his di-ploma. He didn’t go to prom. Ryan never got a driver’s license. He will never watch either of his sisters get married. Ryan will never do any of the things that his mother, always dreamt he would. His death was a crushing blow to our whole family. THOMAS ‘‘TOMMY ’’ SOWELL —JANE LEW , WEST  
VIRGINIA  Tommy was born June 11, 1991, and passed away on February 13, 2016, from an acci-dental overdose of heroin laced with fentanyl. Tommy’s addiction likely began when he was prescribed oxycodone after un-dergoing surgery for a hernia during 9th grade. Tommy was his parents’ youngest child— he was a good son, person, and brought joy to all of our lives Tommy loved his family and tried hard to overcome his struggles with ad-diction. He was sweet and sensitive, respect-ful and loving. He was physically strong yet tender-hearted and could be fiercely funny, witty and ornery—all at the same time. Tommy always made his family laugh with his spot-on impressions and general goofi-ness. His smile could light up a room and his grin would melt anyone’s heart. Tommy was always able to conquer anything he set out to do, except his battle with addiction. His family knows that given the time Tommy would have been able to beat it. 
MICHAEL ‘‘MIKE’’ JAMES TURNER —NORWALK , 
CONNECTICUT  So many people think ‘‘drunk’’ or ‘‘junkie’’ when they see someone suffering from addic-tion. What they can’t see is a person that is stuck in a body they can no longer control. Mike Turner suffered from addiction. He was also type 1 diabetic and had a chiari malformation in his brain. He had a long his-tory of alcohol and drug abuse and in the end, it was heroin that took him. Those were Mike’s labels, but that is not who Mike was—the man he was, was an affectionate, exciting and hilarious dad, boyfriend, son, brother, and uncle. He had integrity, he was honest, and charitable. Mike participated in Chiari Malformation Cancer, Autism and Ad-diction events. He planned on going back to school to become an addiction counselor. Mike acknowledged his issues and fought to better himself in the best way he knew how. Mike even went through a parenting course to try to be a better dad. He loved his kiddos—Mike Jr. and Amber—more than anything. He was all about his family and looked forward to weekly Sunday dinners at his mom’s house. Mike was a funny guy—pretty clumsy and always getting into mischief. He was so posi-tive and encouraged everyone around him in their pursuits. Everyone who knew the real Mike loved him. Mike had his demons, however, and he knew that overcoming his addiction was the most important thing. As long as he was using he was useless to his kids, his family, and his job. Mike knew the hurt his addic-tion caused others and that destroyed him. It devastated his family to witness his hurt and share his pain. Mike tried detoxing and treatment numerous times. He was part of a group called the SNAKES—Soldiers Needing Accountability Keeping Each Other Sober in Christ. In April 2016, he graduated from a program with 9 months clean. On April 22, 2016, just three weeks after his graduation, Mike was living with his girlfriend, Theresa, again. He woke up with a start that morning and said he had low blood sugar. By 8:30 a.m., his sugar was up and he said he was feeling much better. Mike’s last message to Theresa was at 9:17 AM: ‘‘no worries im alive :cP.’’ Theresa called him after her meeting around 10:30. He didn’t answer so she called again . . . still no answer. She kept trying. Theresa had an-other meeting that ended around 11:45. She tried calling again and there was still no an-swer. Fearful that his sugar had dropped too low, she ran home. When Theresa got home around 12:30 p.m., she opened the door and found Mike. Mike had relapsed after being 9 months clean. Theresa had no idea that he had been using. He overdosed some time between 9:17 and 10:30 that morning, on April 22, 2016. He was 33 years old. f TRIBUTE TO JAYNE ARMSTRONG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jayne Armstrong of West Des Moines, Iowa, for being named the Iowa Advocate of the Year by the Iowa Chapter of the National Associa-tion of Women Business Owners. Each year, the Iowa Chapter of the National Association of Women Business Owners rec-ognizes women who have greatly contributed to the business landscape in the state. Jayne, as District Director of the Small Business Ad-ministration in Iowa, advocates for small busi-nesses as they seek financing, developmental training and counseling to help develop and grow. With more women owning small busi-nesses, Jayne is front and center, guiding them through the difficult process of starting their own business. It is because of Iowans like Jayne I’m proud to represent our great state. Mr. Speaker, I commend Jayne for her com-mitment to small business owners throughout the third district. Her tireless work in advocacy on their behalf is crucial in helping Iowa’s economy thrive. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jayne and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING STEVEN M. CIBOROWSKI OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my constituent, Steven M. Ciborowski, on his re-tirement after more than 35 years of civilian service with the United States Army. Mr. Ciborowski served as an engineering technician with the U.S. Army Edgewood Chemical Biological Center (ECBC) and was a crucial player in support of force protection ac-tivities for ECBC’s Critical Lab Infrastructure. He served as the focal point for fire and safety coordination for various critical security inspec-tions and greatly contributed to the success of those programs. Mr. Ciborowski’s dedication and profes-sionalism touched the lives of many people and helped the ECBC fulfill its mission to be the Nation’s premier provider of innovative chemical and biological solutions. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late Steven M. Ciborowski upon his retirement after more than 35 years of service to the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.163 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1695 December 9, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF LEWISVILLE ISD’S MARCHING BANDS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Flower Mound, Marcus, and Hebron High School bands for their note-worthy success at the 2016 UIL Class 6A Marching Band Contest. These Lewisville ISD bands achieved the first, second and third place honors, setting a first-time UIL record for a single school district to win the top three spots in the largest classification. Their out-standing performances were made possible through the talents, perseverance and hard work of the band students under the incredible leadership of Brent Biskup at Flower Mound, Andy Sealey at Hebron, and Amanda Drinkwater at Marcus. The Flower Mound High School band won the state marching contest for the first time in the school’s history as well as secured its sec-ond consecutive top spot at the Bands of America Super Regional competition four days earlier. Their rise to victory is no doubt due to their creative and extraordinary dedication to their craft. Hebron High School took a narrow second place, and their achievements this year have served to inspire the students around them. Marcus High School finished in third place, and had previously been consecu-tive five-time winners. Their long-term success reflects well on the organization and the stu-dents and parents who make the show pos-sible. It is a privilege to represent these bands and the Lewisville Independent School District in the U.S. House of Representatives. I look forward to seeing more great accomplish-ments from LISD and their bands and wish them the best of luck in all future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change in Washington, and I am proud to preserve their stories. JONATHAN SPARKS —LEXINGTON , KENTUCKY  Jonathan was a sweet young man who started off on a rocky note when he was diag-nosed with Neuroblastoma cancer at the age of four. He battled this for a year and a half, which involved invasive treatments such as a stem cell transplant. His prognosis was very grim, but thanks be to God he made it and entered Kindergarten right before his 6th birthday. It took a long time for Jonathan’s stamina to improve after undergoing such intensive treatment and as a result, he was bullied as a child. He just couldn’t keep up with the other kids during activities. This made him compassionate towards others who were less fortunate than he was, and he would take up for these people or help them in any way he could. Jonathan was always a people person. He would and could strike up a conversation with anyone; he felt just as comfortable talking to a politician as he did a homeless man. During his teenage years Jonathan felt left out and like he didn’t fit in with his peers. He struggled with academics due to what he had been exposed to during the cancer treat-ments. He was forced out of private school because of this learning disability. He went to public school his junior year, and in try-ing to fit in he fell in with a crowd he should have stayed away from. As soon as he turned 18, he dropped out of school during his senior year. Jonathan was passionate about basketball and cooking. He never excelled at basketball because, again, he just couldn’t keep up. He suffered from severe back pain due to radi-ation. But he knew stats about basketball that you wouldn’t believe. He loved a lot of NBA teams, but his favorite was Miami Heat. Jonathan could cook anything; he was an avid food network watcher and could have given some of those people a run for their money. He watched ‘‘Diners, Drive-ins and Dives,’’ and loved to eat at the places where Guy, the host, did his shows. His dream was to become a chef. Sometime between the ages of 18 and 20, Jonathan was introduced to Xanax. His mother assumes it was in order to ease his back pain. From there he got into heroin. She does not know when he started using be-cause he was good at keeping it a secret from our family. He came home in April of 2015 and stayed home all summer. He never went anywhere; he just hung out at home watch-ing cooking shows and basketball games. In August he started working at Pizza Hut. Around the middle of the month he was called by some friends who didn’t have a car and needed a ride to the hospital—they were about to have a baby. Two weeks later he spent the Saturday of Labor Day weekend with these two women and their newborn. They went to the local skate park that evening to buy heroin. According to his friends, Jonathan went into the restroom to use and when he emerged he was unable to walk. The women helped him into his own car and then drove him around for 2 or 3 hours thinking that he would sleep it off. Fi-nally, they drove him to the ER and dumped him in front of the door. By this time, Jona-than’s body tissue was dying and his organs were shutting down. Jonathan was in a coma for 20 days and died 6 days after his 21st birthday, on September 26, 2015. 
NICHOLAS ‘‘NICKY ’’ DANIEL TOTH V —PAGOSA  
SPRINGS , COLORADO  Nicholas Daniel Toth V was born on De-cember 27, 1995 in Pagosa Springs, Colorado. He was a miracle as far as his parents were concerned—they literally smothered the poor kid. Nicky was his parents shining star. Never in their life did they ever think they would only have 19 years with him. Nicky was the oldest of his two brothers. The Toth family was blessed with two more sons, Jackson and Harrison. Life was perfect. They were all raised in a beautiful mountain town. We volunteered tirelessly in our com-munity. As parents, the Toths didn’t just go to every sporting event their boys had, they coached them. You name it and they did it for their boys. They ate organic foods and planted their own gardens. Life was effort-less and delightful. All of this changed one awful night when Nicky was in 6th grade and sexually violated by one of his peers. After that he was never the same. That same boy went on to bully Nicky and the school district did nothing. The Toth family received no community or school support. They felt abandoned but Nicky felt it the most. Following that year, the Toths decided as a family to move back east to New Jersey in order to be closer to friends and family where they felt they could get the most support, and more importantly, save their Nicholas. Unfortunately, that one awful night shaped Nicky’s teenage path. He didn’t talk about it; he wouldn’t and couldn’t. Instead, Nicky started self-medicating—beginning with alcohol and marijuana. From there he moved to Xanax that he got from other par-ents’ medicine cabinets. Then, Nicky discov-ered the love of his life, heroin. The Toth family was in turmoil. Nicky was in and out of treatment centers and jail. He missed multiple holidays. He wanted nothing more than to be happy and healthy. During his active addiction, Nicky was in jail from January 2014 to June 2014 and again from July 2014 to February 2015. He finally came home March 20, 2015. The entire Toth family was so hopeful but also scared. Nicky was at least safe while in jail. He partici-pated in outpatient programs and got a job. His family had no idea he started using again. In April 2015, Nicky overdosed in his fam-ily’s home and lived to see another day. Fol-lowing that night, Nicky went to inpatient treatment in South New Jersey. His family were so hopeful because Nicky completed his 30 day program and organized himself into a sober living home. The person in charge said he had never had such a tenacious applicant. Nicky was ready to start his life. He lived in the house for two weeks. On Friday, June 12, 2015, Nicky’s mother went to see him after work and took him to dinner. She kissed his face, hugged his big shoulders and laughed together for the last time. On the morning of June 14th, the local police came to the Toth family’s home to in-form them that they lost their son. He was found in Newark. He was all alone. AIDAN VANDERHEOF —MINOT , NORTH DAKOTA  Aidan Vanderheof grew up surrounded by love and attention. His life had bumps along the way, most of which were created by his family. Aidan’s parents divorced when he was about two years old. He lived with moth-er but had a lot of visitation time with his dad. When he was about twelve, Aidan went to live with his dad in Bismarck and started playing JV football. He had loads of friends and got along easily with everyone. Aidan went back to live with his mother when he was sixteen. Like any teenager, Aidan pushed the boundaries. He bought a pick-up truck the second he got his driver’s license and would haul around as many of his friends as could fit in it. Around that time many family ar-guments started to emerge and Aidan began having trouble in school. Many nights he wouldn’t come home, but he always had an excuse—he fell asleep on a friend’s couch, for example. Over time, his absences increased at home and at school. Aidan’s mother had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.166 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1696 December 9, 2016 
to report him as a runaway to the police too many times to count. Meanwhile, some of his friends, parents would hide him and cover for him. Aidan came under the supervision of the juvenile criminal justice system when he was caught using a stolen credit card. For a period of time he wore an ankle monitor and seemed able to comply with the rules until he had the opportunity to break them. Dur-ing this time, Aidan was referred to the Child and Adolescent Partial Hospitalization (CAPH) program through our local hospital. The program was set up during school hours and included group counseling, individual therapy, and schoolwork. His mother also worked with Aidan in family therapy and in- home counseling. He adhered to the schedule and completed the program. Aidan was a fantastic liar. Principals, counselors, and many others got caught in his web. While under court supervision, he took random drug tests and would frequently test positive for benzodiazepines, amphet-amines, and marijuana. At the time, his mother believed that his substance use wasn’t all that serious because they were all prescriptions and she knew a lot of kids ex-perimented with them. Aidan was caught in the act of yet another crime. Prior to that, he had done things his mother could not prove: stolen all of her val-uable jewelry, taken a bottle of amphet-amines prescribed to her by her doctor, bro-ken the window out of her vehicle the night before Mother’s Day to steal change and cigarettes, stolen his grandparent’s car when they were on vacation and busted a door to get alcohol. When Aidan was finally placed in juvenile detention, his mother was scared to death for him and visited him once a week. Later, Aidan was placed in a Youth Correction Cen-ter in Mandan, North Dakota. His mother went to see him a number of times. Eventu-ally, Aidan was placed at Prairie Learning Center in Raleigh, North Dakota where he spent about six months. All reports from his primary counselor were positive. Like every-where else Aidan had been, he got along with everybody. Soon after, Aidan graduated from the program. In the middle of June 2015, Aidan was caught on a surveillance camera using a sto-len credit card in Bismarck. His dad saw it on the Police Department’s Facebook page and contacted Aidan and his mother. Aidan and his father made an appointment to visit with a detective about the situation but right before the appointment, Aidan dis-appeared. On July 4, 2015, Aidan’s mother was awak-ened by a pounding on the door. A police offi-cer stood by the door and informed the fam-ily that Aidan was found dead. He was only 19. Initially the police thought that Aidan had died of an accidental OxyContin over-dose. There was a shoelace around his arm and a spoon near his body. He was found in the basement of a home. The people who were with him admitted they had been using and would test positive for OxyContin. In the end, it was determined that Aidan died of a heroin overdose with methamphet-amine in his system. The state has struggled to prosecute those with him when he died. His death was not quick, and no one called 9- 1-1 until after he was dead. 
T.J. WADSWORTH —COLLEGEVILLE , 
PENNSYLVANIA  T.J. Wadsworth grew up to be curious, friendly, smart, had many friends, and was a good student. In middle school, T.J. was one of the kids that came home after the drug presentation and talked about how bad drugs are, and that he would never do them. Less than one year later, in 8th or 9th grade, T.J. started smoking marijuana and it is believe he started drinking alcohol at the age of 16 or 17, at parties with his high school friends. Until his senior year, T.J. was doing what some teenagers do; go to school every day, complete schoolworlc, work a part-time job, and then smoke/drink with friends on the weekends. During his senior year of high school T.J. was high and/or drunk and offered a pill. It was that one pill, that one decision that sealed T.J.’s fate. Things for T.J. quickly es-calated and later spiraled out of control when he went off to college. When T.J. would come home for vacation he was out every night. T.J.’s grades for the first two years of col-lege had been acceptable. He later joined a fraternity and he was having more fun than he should, and not studying the way he should have been. His mother later found out that T.J. stopped attending his classes the fall semester of his junior year and his friends were concerned. When he came home for Christmas break his junior year, T.J.’s mother was so worried about him that she set up an intervention and offered to take him to a treatment facil-ity. She did not know at that time how seri-ous T.J.’s addiction was. T.J. stayed out every night and always appeared to be drunk or high. The many times she tried to talk to him about drugs he always denied that he had a problem, saying he was home from col-lege and just having fun with his friends. Instead of returning to school the spring semester of his junior year, T.J. was admit-ted to an inpatient treatment facility for 30 days. His mother came to find out that what started in his senior year of high school, with trying that pill, turned into a heroin addiction two years later. After completing treatment, T.J. stayed clean for about six weeks and turned to drugs after several stressful events. His mother will never forget walking into the basement and finding him on the couch in the dark crying. T.J. hated what drugs had done to his life. After two months of taking drug tests on a regular basis, which he would periodically failed, T.J went back into treat-ment. This time T.J. only stayed for two weeks. When talking with T.J.’s drug counselor about why he released earlier than expected she said, that T.J. seemed to know what he had to do and had told her that he did not want to end up dead or in jail. Four days after he was released from the second treat-ment facility, his mother came home from work early after not being able to get in touch with T.J. She went to his bedroom, but the door was locked. She banged and screamed his name. Finally she called 911, so they could break into his room. The police told her a few minutes after breaking into his room that T.J. died from a heroin over-dose. That was May 28, 2014. MARK WALSH —BOSTON , MASSACHUSETTS  Mark loved spending time with his family and cared for his siblings like they were his own. Whenever he found the time, he worked on his cars and motorcycles. He went above and beyond for anyone who needed help, whether that meant getting them a meal or helping them find a place to stay for the night. One might say he was generous to a fault. At any given time in his life, Mark was fighting for or against something. At an early age, he was in a house fire and was later deemed a hero for running back into the burning building to alert others to the exit. The incident left Mark so badly burned that he had to stay in Shriner’s Hospital for several months. The physical scars from this event influenced how people treated him. Growing up, Mark was teased about his ap-pearance by kids who didn’t know better. Even though these interactions emotionally hurt him, Mark would never let you know it. Mark was private about his pain throughout his life. Mark was the second oldest in a family of five. Raised in a single parent home, he tried taking on the role of a father figure when he hit his teen years. Mark wanted to give his siblings everything they didn’t have and make their lives better. Academics weren’t interesting to him, so Mark dropped out of school and began selling marijuana, which got him into trouble with the law. Mark’s li-cense was suspended but he never paid the fines or stopped driving. He was sent to jail several times for driving without a license. Once Mark had a criminal record, finding a job was difficult. Fortunately, his extended family had a few businesses where he was able to get work but Mark couldn’t hold down a job for any extended period of time. Between stints in and out of jail, he dabbled in using prescription medication. In 2005 at the age of 22 and in-between relapses, Mark had a beautiful son named Travis. Unfortu-nately, Mark wasn’t ready to be a father and his family watched as he struggled with sub-stance abuse. In 2007, Mark met and married his wife, Sarah. She had a son named Patrick who was the same age as Travis. Mark and Sarah were both in recovery and worked beau-tifully together. Their early years were some of his best. Mark went to work every day, supported his family, and made time to in-dulge in his passion for fixing cars and mo-torcycles. In 2008, Mark and Sarah gave birth to a gorgeous daughter, Emma Grace. Some blissful years later, a hand injury put Mark out of work. He underwent sur-gery, which came with a prescription for pain medication. The downward spiral began again. Mark checked into treatment various times and kept getting into trouble with the law. His drinking got out of control, along with his substance use. Mark and Sarah moved to Cape Cod where her parents were living for some extra support, but that only lasted for so long. They weren’t able to over-come their addictions there together. Mark and Sarah separated and the years that fol-lowed were tumultuous ones filled with stints in more treatment and attempts at re-covery. In January 2016, Mark went to a program and loved the month he spent there, doing the hard work of dealing with all of the emo-tional baggage that comes with the disease of addiction. Mark was grateful to have a support system of friends and doctors who were there to walk him through the difficult process of recovery. However, within days of coming back home, he felt himself slipping and made a call to Malibu to arrange a re-turn. The day before his flight, Mark overdosed at home alone. We need reform in our country so that those struggling with addiction can have their needs met. If insurance had covered treatment for Mark closer to home, perhaps he would not have had to travel all the way to California in order to receive the services he so desperately needed. Maybe Mark would still be with us today. 
COREY WATSON —GREENFIELD , MASSACHUSETTS  Growing up, Corey had dyslexia and other learning challenges. He was shy, quiet, and very sensitive. He loved animals and was al-ways sympathetic to others. All of that changed on his 13th birthday on September 13, when he got hit by a car while riding his bike. He landed on his head and was taken to the ER but they didn’t find anything wrong with him. Over the next two weeks, however, he changed drastically. His personality went 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.168 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1697 December 9, 2016 
from painfully shy to aggressive and he be-came a risk taker—it was frightening. His mother took him to many neurologists but nobody could help. It seemed like there was no way to fix his injured brain. Corey then became depressed and got into drugs. He went in and out of the Brattleboro retreat in Vermont, including a period during which he went to school there until he started com-mitting crimes and got caught up in the legal system, which never seems to help. This cycle was hard to watch because there was nothing his mother could do to help him, even though she tried everything: different therapists, medications, specialists, etc. In September, he started using heroin and fell in love with a girl. Some time after that, they decided to get clean together and ad-mitted themselves into rehab in Boston. His mother picked Corey up on Christmas Eve so he could come and spend the holidays in Massachusetts with his family. His mother never seen him so happy. One day, Corey called his mother around 5 o’clock and asked her to wire him some money for laundry and snacks. He had only been in the step-down unit for a few days after spending three weeks in a secure treat-ment facility. He had more freedom in the sober house—he was getting himself to and from meetings and appointments. He took the money his mother sent him and used it to buy drugs. Corey’s roommate found him unresponsive. They did manage to revive him a couple of hours later but he never regained consciousness. Corey was brain-dead for three days before he was removed from life- support on February 1, 2014. Corey died of an unintentional overdose. 
WILLIAM ‘‘WILL’’ HEAD WILLIAMS —NEW YORK , 
NEW YORK  William Head Williams died of an acci-dental overdose shortly before his 24th birth-day. Two years before his death, his parents first became aware that their son was using heroin. At the time William was already see-ing a psychotherapist and over the next two years his family added various additional support systems to help William’s struggle. These included an addiction psychiatrist, outpatient treatment, treatment with Suboxone, inpatient detox, inpatient treat-ment, outpatient treatment, outpatient detox, treatment with Vivitrol, more out-patient treatment, another inpatient treat-ment, more outpatient treatment, well over a dozen trips to and from the emergency rooms of at least four different hospitals, an attempt to work with another addiction psy-chiatrist, Alcoholics Anonymous, and Nar-cotics Anonymous. A home life fraught with tension, despair, sometimes hopeful during intermittent periods of sobriety, and always filled with the apprehension of misfortune. That apprehension became fact when Wil-liam accidentally overdosed. Six weeks of co-matose and/or heavily medicated hospitaliza-tion followed before the ultimate realization that William was consigned to a persistent vegetative state. As a family, William’s parents struggled from the beginning to find both their own support system and ways to engage and en-courage William in recovery. In the begin-ning, they kept William’s and their battle to themselves, in the interest of protecting his privacy and their own. William still had ca-reer goals and ambitions that could be thwarted with heroin use on his ‘‘re ´sume´.’’ While it’s harder for them to admit, Wil-liam’s parents also kept quiet out of some sense of embarrassment or shame. Over the course of time, with the help of addiction counselors, and sharing their cir-cumstance at Al-Anon in particular, Wil-liam’s parents came to understand that they were not alone. There were, in fact, many families like them, negotiating their re-sponse to addiction: discovering what they were powerless over, battling for the courage to confront what they could control, and, at least in their case, fighting desperately to distinguish between the two. There was and is relief in knowing that others suffer the same struggle, zigzagging along a tortuous path, enduring dead ends in hope of a solu-tion, bravely putting in the work to realize a more promising and serene future. Yet, their story and others remained anonymous, pit stops at an emotional leper colony, quite separate from a world racing on. Out of choice and necessity, when Wil-liam’s parents chose to remove him from life support, they offered William’s story to vir-tually everyone they knew in the days just prior to his death and in the interim before his memorial service. In return, more and more people surrendered their personal hor-rors to the family. From even the most re-served and private came narratives of heroin overdoses, cocaine abuse, weeks and months in rehab, alcohol relapse, addiction to pills. Addiction is, as the Williams family has learned, a family disease. The number of sto-ries they have heard of wives, daughters, fa-thers, sons, nieces, nephews, brothers and sisters—not in counseling or therapy sce-narios, but from people who recognize their pain and somehow want to comfort them, or to comfort themselves through them, is stag-gering. DALTON WOMACK —LEXINGTON , KENTUCKY  Dalton was born September 20, 1991. Any-one who was lucky enough to meet Dalton will never forget him. He had a smile that was absolutely contagious—you couldn’t help but feel good when he was around and in good spirits. Dalton’s love for children was always present. He could relate to children like no one else; he cared about how they felt and also he cared for them in a way that they knew Dalton was a friend. The respect Dalton gave to the elderly was admirable. He would go out of his way to open a door, walk someone to their car, or carry their groceries. It was his nature to help others. Dalton did whatever was needed without even blinking an eye. Dalton was a friend to anyone he would meet—in other words, he never met a strang-er. Music was in his soul and he loved it more than anything (other than being with his friends and family). Dalton was a caring person and gave everything he could; on many occasions right down to his last dol-lar—he would go without it just to make sure someone else had what they needed. He lived his life unselfish and had a huge heart. Before his family knew it, Dalton was struggling with addiction. His addiction started off small and became more powerful; bigger than they could ever imagine. His family had countless conversations but noth-ing seemed to help; therefore, they turned to treatment. Dalton’s family’s worst fear came on July 8, 2016; the dreaded phone call that every parent hates buts knows at some point might come. Dalton was gone. Not just out of town, not just going to the store and be back later but gone. He died at the hands of a steering wheel, with addiction gripping him. He was by himself, all alone. His family received the news from the emergency room doctor and chaplain—the conversation still plays over and over in their head. The pain today still hurts as if it were yesterday and probably will forever. But one thing they know to be true, if Dal-ton and the many others could have the op-portunity to look ahead and see how tragic life could end with addiction, maybe just maybe things would be different. Hell isn’t six feet under; Hell is loving and missing a son who had addiction. TRIBUTE TO THE RONALD M CDON-ALD HOUSE CHARITIES OF CEN-TRAL IOWA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Central Iowa for its 35 years of service to families in need. Since opening its doors in August of 1981, Ronald McDonald House Charities of Central Iowa has provided a ‘‘home away from home’’ for over 10,000 families whose children are undergoing medical treatment. In 2011 alone, the 12-room facility provided a home for over 400 families from 71 of Iowa’s 99 counties and 10 other states. Families are asked to con-tribute a nominal fee each night, but if they cannot afford to do so, they are not turned away. The philosophy at the Ronald McDonald House in Des Moines is that one of the best medicines for a severely ill child is the love of their family right by their side during chal-lenging times. It is humbling to see the wide-spread support from Iowa businesses and in-dividuals that keep the doors open at the Ron-ald McDonald House of Central Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I commend the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Central Iowa for its 35 years of serving families under the most difficult of circumstances. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating them and wishing nothing but the best. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FLOATING HOS-PITAL 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 150th anniversary of The Floating Hospital (TFH), lo-cated in Long Island City, New York, in the district I am privileged to represent. TFH was founded in 1866 with the goal: ‘‘To afford relief to the sick children of the poor of the City of New York without regard to creed, color, or nationality.’’ Today, TFH serves thousands of victims of domestic violence, homeless fami-lies, and public housing residents. Though it is a land-based organization today, TFH derives its name from the series of ships which housed the hospital and regularly sailed through New York Harbor, providing children and their caregivers with recreational opportunities on board, as well as healthcare services, health and nutrition education, and a respite from an overcrowded city. The idea was inaugurated by George F. Williams, a managing editor at The New York Times, when he saw newsboys being forced off the grass in City Hall Park by police and ordered to stay on the walkways where the hot con-crete burned their feet. Their plight inspired him to appeal to the Times’s readership to do-nate money for a boat trip for newsboys and bootblacks. These trips soon became more regular and were taken over by St. John’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.169 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1698 December 9, 2016 
Guild, which purchased the first vessel, orga-nized the trips and expanded them to include underprivileged children and their mothers. Medical personnel were hired to provide treat-ment, vaccines, nutritional guidance and other care, and opened a clinic for sick patients on Staten Island. IN the early 2000s, TFH sold its boat and created a clinic in Long Island City and has now become New York City’s largest provider of primary healthcare services to residents of family shelters and domestic violence safe houses, as well as residents of public housing, with more than 61,000 patient visits every year. TFH opened the first federally-qualified health center in a New York City Housing Au-thority development and Queensbridge Houses. TFH works proactively with families from the moment they enter the shelter system, includ-ing screenings for communicable diseases and health conditions like heart disease and asthma. TFH provides a huge array of primary healthcare services, oral healthcare, health education, benefits counseling, and mental health services, and even offers free transpor-tation for patients to and from over 200 shel-ters and domestic violence safe houses. In its 150 years, TFH has served over 5 mil-lion patients. Today, it continues to honor its historic mission to serve the most vulnerable by working constantly to improve and expand its services and clinics. I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating the anniversary of TFH and its 150 years of immeasurable contributions to the health and well-being of all New Yorkers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to include in the R
ECORD today the personal sto-ries of families from across the country that have been affected by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hampshire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the ef-fects of substance use disorder. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading to change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
JERRID FRANKLIN YOUNKER —SIDNEY , OHIO Susan Cole found her 17 year old son, Jerrid Younker, dead on March 14, 2016. Al-most three months later, she found out that it his death was the result of fentanyl intoxi-cation. Susan had no idea Jerrid was using drugs and is devastated by this. Jerrid missed his high school graduation, his 18th birthday, and so much of his life due to one bad decision. Growing up, Jerrid was a dedicated fisher-man. He loved being outdoors, especially ac-tivities involving mud and/or animals. He was an avid Bengals fan. Jerrid and Susan had been going to annual Browns vs. Bengals football games every year—it became a mother/son tradition. Jerrid was only 17 years old and had enough credits to graduate high school early. He was supposed to walk in his graduation on May 26th, and he wasn’t even recognized for all his hard work over the years after he died. Jerrid was a good kid, a big prankster to all, and he loved little kids and animals dearly. He had his whole life ahead of him, but now it’s all lost. Jerrid left behind his parents and a brother and sister who miss him terribly. JACQUELINE ‘‘JACKIE ’’ ZANFAGNA —PLAISTOW , 
NEW HAMPSHIRE  Jackie Zanfagna’s struggles became evi-dent before her 10th birthday. Some called her a ‘‘difficult teen’’ but her mother, Anne Marie, and father, Jim, knew that Jackie was struggling with a medical condition and desperately needed treatment. Her parents sought help from countless doctors to no avail. Jackie had bipolar tendencies. When she was at her best, she was a bright, en-gaged girl who loved animals, fashion, and cared fiercely for her niece and nephew. When she was at her worst, her self-esteem plummeted and she was prone to fits of rage. Her parents were left to patch the walls where her fist had bust the plaster. Jackie’s suffering went undiagnosed. Anne Marie, who suffered from rheumatoid arthri-tis, began noticing that her pain medication was missing and eventually valuables started disappearing too. When the Zanfagna’s real-ized that they couldn’t trust their daughter or her friends, they changed their locks, in-stalled an alarm system, and got a guard dog. Jackie survived one overdose but was so deeply ashamed that she pushed away the people who cared about her the most. Some-how, in the midst of what seemed a plum-meting spiral, Jackie found some solid ground at the age of 25. After years of thwarted endeavors such as cosmetology school, community college and a modeling agency, Jackie landed a good job at Staples. She had a new car, a new boy-friend and her relationship with her family was suddenly on the mend It seemed like the nightmare of the previous years might have finally lifted. When Jackie died of a heroin overdose on October 18, 2014, her family was devastated. 
ANDY ZORN —PHOENIX , ARIZONA  Andy was born in 1982 in Phoenix, Arizona. He had a joyful life. He made friends easily and he was always on a mission to make peo-ple laugh; as the class clown and life of the party, he often succeeded. When Andy grew older, a few of his good friends developed substance abuse issues and Andy took it upon himself to help them work through it. After seeing the destruction of hard drugs first-hand, he made a personal commitment to not use. Andy was a big dreamer and made concrete plans for his future. He started a retirement savings account at the age of 16, after start-ing his very first job. But as Andy became a young adult, he thought he had to partici-pate in drinking and drugs in order to fit in. He was good at hiding the extent to which he must have indulged in these activities. Andy committed suicide on March 1, 2014, in Peo-ria, Arizona. His suicide note was surprising and painful: ‘‘My soul is already dead. Marijuana killed my soul + ruined my brain.’’ Andy spent his last five years in a down-ward spiral of what we now recognize as marijuana abuse. There were the calls to sui-cide help lines, hospitalizations in five dif-ferent mental health hospitals on three dif-ferent occasions, and two sentences of court- ordered mental health treatment for psy-chotic behavior. During the last week of his life Andy told his mother, father and the so-cial worker that he had to quit using mari-juana to live but he was unable to do so; he was addicted. Marijuana was doing nothing good for him except to help him sleep. With-out it he had nightmares. But by then, Andy’s waking life was a nightmare that he suffered for years. He worked for very short durations with various mental health professionals and received a variety of diagnoses, including Major De-pression, PTSD, Bipolar Disorder, Mild Alco-hol Use Disorder and Severe Cannabis Use Disorder. One of his doctors noted in his records, ‘‘Andy is a kind and gentle man. He is an honorable man. Andy is smart with goals and the skills to make them happen. Andy has a great smile and people are comfortable around him.’’ For a time Andy functioned well; mostly employed, earning an Associate Degree and completing three years of active duty in the Army’s 82nd Airborne Division, including a tour of duty in Iraq. But as the marijuana addiction took control over his life, he lost insight into his own mental health. He began to isolate and avoided friends and family. He quit his jobs and disappointed himself over and over again. Andy is one of the 129 a day who has died from a substance use disorder. Andy is one of the 22 Veterans that committed suicide each day. ZAFER JULIAN ESTILL —ARLINGTON , VIRGINIA  Zafer died on April 13, 2016, from an acci-dental heroin overdose. He was 19 years old— just months away from his 20th birthday. Zafer, affectionately know as ‘‘Z,’’ was a be-loved son, brother to three siblings, and friend to many. Z was a sophomore at the University of Colorado, where he was known as an adven-turer, traveler and explorer, who sought out thrills whenever possible. He was an avid tennis player and loved to skateboard, hike, kayak, and follow his favorite sports teams. He liked to begin where the chair lift ended— he’d carry his skis higher up the mountain in search of an untouched backcountry run. Many of his finest selfies come from his treasured mountain explorations in Colo-rado. Z was the ‘‘connector’’ in his family; he al-ways made sure to reach out after going too long without checking in. It was second na-ture to him to send a text, email, or even a handwritten note just to remind people that he cared. We used to joke that Z paid more attention grooming his emails to Grandma than he did on his papers for school. On the night of April 13th, Z tried heroin. He bought it for $7.00 a hit. Z went to sleep and never woke up. His family’s pain, shock and grief upon losing Z is one story among many that evidence the public health crisis facing this country. Heroin use has more than doubled among young adults in the past decade. Even though the lives of his family have been forever changed by Zafer’s death, his spirit and energy will live on within each of them and through the good they contribute to this world. Their hope is that by sharing Zafer’s story, and telling the truth about his death, they may be able to save another life. 
JORDAN LEWIS BARNES —LUDLOW , KENTUCKY  Jordan was born October 13, 1991. Jordan was an avid motocross rider. He lived for fast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.171 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1699 December 9, 2016 
speed and unthinkable stunts. At the age of 15 he was involved in a serious motocross ac-cident, causing him to break both wrists and having pins put in them. He shattered his collarbone and had a titanium plate and 12 screws inserted. He also suffered severe knee complications. After he was healed, Jordan foolishly punched an ice box at a local store in Ludlow, resulting in what’s referred to as a ‘Boxer’s Fracture’ in his right wrist. From there on, his life would forever change. At only 15 years old, Jordan was prescribed strong narcotics for his great level of pain. This would only turn to harder drugs and heavier dosages. At 16, Jordan dropped out of high school. Over the next 9 years, Jordan was on a constant rollercoaster of ups and downs; experimenting with different types of drugs like marijuana, Percocet, and Vicodin, and his drinking began to surge as well. He checked into a treatment facility, where he stayed for 3 to 4 months. He appreciated his time there. He liked the atmosphere and the people who were there. He made comments about wanting to go back to work there and help others who struggled with the same de-mons he did. On Mother’s Day of 2013, at 21 years old, Jordan experienced his first overdose from heroin. He was found in the bathroom of his grandmother’s home with a needle hanging out of his leg; he was unresponsive. Jordan was rushed to the hospital where he was put on life support and remained on it for rough-ly 30 hours. After spending an additional few days in the hospital, he was released. Upon his release, Jordan had a new outlook on life. He changed the group of friends he pre-viously associated with. He changed the places he hung out. August 2013 came around and Jordan’s fa-ther, presented him with an opportunity to work and make really good money in a dif-ferent state. Jordan jumped at this oppor-tunity. He moved to North Dakota and lived there for a year. Jordan seemed to be doing well, until he fell with the wrong crowd. He began using again and eventually lost his job, which ultimately led to him living out of his car. Jordan’s father booked two flights for him to fly back home but Jordan never got on the plane. Finally, with the help of one of the only true friends he had, Jordan made it home with the intent to start fresh. Jordan stayed with his friend for a few months to continue on a positive path. In September 2014, Jordan was pulled over and arrested for no insurance. While he was in jail he ended up getting sick from detoxing and spent 45 days in the hospital. During his hospital stay, we learned that Jordan had a lot of internal issues that he was unaware of. His kidneys had started to shut down, he had an infection in his blood which led to ‘Infective Endocarditis’ (which is a bacterial infection on the heart valve), and he tested positive for Hepatitis C from his careless mindset of just wanting to get high and using dirty needles. All this at the age of 23 years old. Jordan’s doctors told him that the next time he decided to do drugs again, it would kill him. He was on his last chance at life. After being discharged from the hospital, he returned home to live with his grand-mother. He seemed to be doing very well this time around and had a positive outlook of the future. He seemed to be enjoying the life he was living. One night, Jordan went out to a bar with a family friend. They were hanging out, hav-ing a good time and ultimately ended up in Cincinnati to get heroin. Nobody truly knows what happened that night, other than Jordan being with the family friend. In result of their trip to Cincinnati, Jordan shot the heroin and began to snore. After snoring for a little while, Jordan suddenly stopped. Instead of taking Jordan directly to the hospital, the family friend took Jordan to his father’s house. Once Jordan arrived, 9– 1–1 was called and an ambulance was dis-patched. His stepmother, began to perform CPR and administered Narcan twice without any luck. EMT’s attempted to resuscitate Jordan by shocking his heart but were un-successful. They insisted on calling Jordan’s death at his father’s house, but a doctor at the hospital advised them to bring him into the hospital. When he arrived to the hospital the doctors did get a faint pulse and Jordan was placed on life support for the second, and final, time. Jordan’s organs started shutting down at a rapid pace; there wasn’t anything anyone could do. Jordan knew that the next shot would kill him. He didn’t care; he wanted that high. Jordan laid in that hospital bed, helplessly on life support for nearly 18 hours, until his little brother could make it in from California to say goodbye. Jordan’s hospital room filled with family and friends that loved him, and stayed with him as he took his last breath. Jordan lost his battle with addiction April 11, 2016. He touched many people with his in-fectious smile and huge heart. He was loved by many and is missed by many more. 
STEPHEN J . DEAGLE , JR.—REVERE , 
MASSACHUSETTS  Stephen’s mother lost her only child, Ste-phen J. Deagle, Jr., on January 8, 2015, at the age of 32. Stephen was an extraordinary young man. He had an IQ score of 147, but Stephen was much more than just smart. Stephen was kind, caring, loving, witty and gifted, with unparalleled talents in computer science and music. From the age of four, Stephen would write code on his new Apple computer, master video games inside and out, and learned to play the guitar. From there he taught him-self how to play the bass, drums and vocals. Stephen always loved people. He would stop and talk to strangers, and would do anything for his friends or family. He was the boy who was always laughing. Stephen’s intelligence was recognized at a young age and was later accepted to St. John’s Prep, a private high school in Danvers, Massachusetts. When he was just a senior in high school, Stephen was one of 160 individuals worldwide accepted to attend a law and advocacy seminar in Washington, D.C. Stephen’s demise started early in his first year of college, when he had four impacted wisdom teeth removed. During the surgery, the doctors mistakenly chipped his jaw bone; requiring him to have two subsequent sur-geries for which he was prescribed pain medi-cation. Stephen’s mother wanted to take the pills so he wouldn’t use them, but he assured her he would only take one at a time, when needed. Within days, Stephen became addicted. He later told his mother, ‘‘I knew I loved this pill. When I took the first one—it was the first time I didn’t feel any mental or phys-ical pain.’’ He admitted this three months after his first surgery. Stephen was then put in private care treatment but, despite his mother having to refinance her house three times to pay for it, he didn’t stay long enough. At 19, Stephen got clean in Boston, moved to California for a good job and a chance at a new life. Sadly, he didn’t understand that treatment is not enough to maintain recov-ery, and the urge to use was too strong. Ste-phen found heroin in San Francisco and again him and his family started the road to-wards recovery. His mother flew back and forth to do all she could to get Stephen into another treatment facility. Finally, they found one that would accept him and he en-tered treatment for the second time. Stephen could not stop using—the urges were too strong. Stephen later went on methadone, despite his mother’s strong pro-tests against it. As he explained it, ‘‘Mom I can’t stop and if I don’t get on methadone, I’m going to die.’’ Stephen stayed on metha-done for nine years, but was unable to go off it, despite multiple attempts. Finally, Stephen felt ready to start look-ing for work again. He found a job he loved that was in his desired field of Computer Science. Stephen excelled at his new job and was promoted within the first three months of working. His boss’s boss later told Ste-phen’s mother that he would do things on the network that he didn’t know were pos-sible. Stephen amazed everyone who met him. He was very humble about his talents and didn’t want anyone to know just how smart he was, or how much he cared about everything and everyone he loved. Stephen was kind and generous to almost a fault. ‘‘My efforts to gain temporary guardian-ship were denied, BlueCross BlueShield wouldn’t sell me gap insurance, the courts would not get involved, and all of Stephen’s doctors that saw him for years wouldn’t fill out the paperwork to allow me to take over his care,’’ writes his mother. ‘‘After many pleas with his recovery center, they told me they were filling out paperwork to transfer him to another facility but they didn’t. Ste-phen was released after only 21 days—21 days with nine new prescriptions. There was not enough time for his body to even adjust to new medication, let alone that detox from nine years of methadone, one month of suboxone, three months of vivitrol, and a heroin overdose.’’ ‘‘My life is forever changed. Stephen was my only child, my parents’ only grandson, my brother and sister’s only nephew and my niece’s only cousin. The loss of this kind, beautiful young man who wanted nothing more in life than to make a difference in the world has left a hole in our family that can never be filled. The world is black to me now, where once all the colors were so vivid when I shared my life with my son. No wed-ding, no mother/son dance, no grandchildren, no holidays or birthdays—only darkness and pain. Despite awareness events, speaking lo-cally, statewide and with members of Con-gress, no real change has been made to fix the broken healthcare system in this coun-try. One death every four minutes is too many. May God bless all those who continue to struggle without the care they need and deserve.’’ 
ALICIA DEMARCO —READING , MASSACHUSETTS  Alicia struggled her entire life. At a young age, she was diagnosed with significant co-morbid learning disabilities and mental dis-orders; specifically Attention Deficit Dis-order, Executive Function Deficit and Bipo-lar Disorder. Alicia’s mother constantly fought the school system to get Alicia the support she so desperately needed, but to no avail. As a result, Alicia dropped out of high school in her junior year. At 16 years old, Alicia started experi-menting with drugs and was getting into trouble with the law. By 18, she transitioned to shooting heroin. One month after her 18th birthday, Alicia was sent to Massachusetts Committing Institution (MCI)–Framingham state prison. Alicia spent the majority of her adult life either in jail, detox, dual-diagnostic hos-pitals, and treatment programs. When she was 24 years old, Alicia gave birth to her daughter, Alexa. Alicia received a free enrollment into a pilot mode intervention program in Palm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.173 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1700 December 9, 2016 
Springs, California. This program covered all expenses, paying to fly Alicia’s family of five out to LA, and waived the treatment facili-ty’s one-month fee of $25,000. It was a mir-acle. Alicia’s family had so much hope. After completing the program, Alicia told her mother, ‘‘Mom, I’ve never felt so good in my whole life.’’ She was given the option to take up residency in a sober living environ-ment; however, Alicia’s boyfriend back home was more important to her. Therefore, she returned home and again began her co-dependent, toxic relationship. Alicia’s boyfriend, along with others, en-abled her addiction. It was a constant tug-of- war; Alicia’s family pulled her in the right direction, as her boyfriend pulled her to-wards a life of drugs, crime, sleeping under bridges and jail. At this time, Alicia got pregnant for the second time. However, her boyfriend left her for another girl. Her mother helped Alicia find a OB/GYN doctor that would prescribe her subutex. She moved into a shelter that August. Things were going well. Her mother would pick Alicia up every day, and gave her whatever she needed. She saw her doctor every week. Alicia started seeing another guy, who she knew through her previous boyfriend. Alicia’s new guy seemed to be very laid back, and Alicia appeared to be happy with him. On November 18, 2014, Alicia’s mother, her husband, and Alicia’s daughter, Alexa, all flew to Fort Lauderdale to visit family. Alicia was eight and half months pregnant at the time, so they thought it would be best to visit before she gave birth to her new baby girl, Arianna Marie DeMarco. On November 21, 2014, Alicia’s mother re-ceived that dreadful phone call from the North Reading Police Department. Her beau-tiful daughter Alicia and precious grand-daughter-to-be were both dead. Alicia’s doc-tor had taken her off of her subutex medica-tion eight days prior to her overdose. Alicia’s death certificate indicated Fentanyl, not heroin, was the cause of her overdose. She was 28 years old. Alicia was a very compassionate and lov-ing person. She loved her family and espe-cially her daughter, Alexa. 
CAIN FRANKLIN —WARRENTON , VIRGINIA  Cain Franklin exhibited a unique and joy-ful spirit from the very beginning. At age seven, he asked for a tuxedo and a Bowflex for Christmas. In the second grade, Cain dressed up as Bill Gates for his private school’s ‘‘Famous People Day.’’ Growing up, his favorite toy was a cash register and Cain would open up little shops and sell things to his mother. Despite excellent grades in school, Cain had some behavioral problems and was tested for ADD. The results deter-mined Cain did not have ADD, but rather he had an extremely high IQ; he wasn’t being stimulated in school and would finish his work before everyone else. Cain proved to be an exceptional martial artist and was presented with his second Dan (rank) black belt at just 11 years old. As soon as he picked up a football he joined a league and, within two weeks, he replaced the coach’s son as quarterback. Cain’s person-ality was larger than life. He could carry on conversations with anyone, no matter their age, and had a contagious smile. Despite Cain’s popularity and leader persona in school, he always befriended the underdog. He also taught himself how to play the gui-tar and in weeks, he was writing his own songs. Cain and his mother shared an un-breakable bond. He was truly gifted and his life seemed blessed—he was truly loved. When Cain was older he started using alco-hol and marijuana, which began to affect his school work and his personality. He was sent to a 28 day treatment facility and later to an outdoor-education program, in an attempt to try and discourage his drug usage. However, each time Cain returned home he went right back to using. When Cain and his mother moved into town, people started coming and going from their house at all hours. His mother saw evi-dence of pills and Cain admitted to using them. She started losing control over Cain’s actions. She tried to set boundaries, all of which were ignored. She started to notice that her spoons were going missing and the ones she did find had black marks on the bottom. She also was finding bits of cotton and Q-tips everywhere. She still had no idea of what was going on. Once she discovered a needle, she understood. Cain’s mother began having to take reg-ular trips to the Emergency Room when she would find Cain passed out on the floor. She then sent Cain to another treatment facility and, on his return, to AA and NA meetings. Cain’s mother watched her son go from a ro-bust young man, to a pale, skinny kid with broken out skin. She accompanied him through many self-detoxes and was by his side when he underwent various withdrawal stages—the chills, fevers, diarrhea, vomiting, cramps, and him pacing for hours. But in the end, Cain went right back to using. One day, in the early hours, the police came knocking at Cain’s mother’s door ask-ing if the boy they found face down and blue in the driveway, was her son. Cain was ar-rested for being in his car, unresponsive, a needle at his feet, with heroin residue. The attorney fees, plus the treatments and hospital visits wiped out a good part of his mother’s savings. Cain started to steal her jewelry and pawned it for cash. Cain also stole his mother’s debit card, spending hun-dreds and only would return it for more money. Finally, Cain failed a urine test and was sent to jail for three months. When Cain was released, he was clean for 11 months and started to get his life back on track. He attended AA meetings and ex-changed his former druggie friends for mod-els of sobriety. He started kickboxing, going to the gym, and working long, hot hours as a landscaper. Him and his mother would talk or text on a daily basis and Cain would occa-sionally come over to talk more. Cain prom-ised his mother he would pay her back for everything and began making these pay-ments. Things were looking up. Then, four days of silence during which, in her heart, his mother knew was not good. She got a knock on the door to find an officer and a po-lice chaplain. Cain’s mother was devastated, but also relieved that Cain’s battle was over—though hers was just beginning. Cain died July 17, 2015, and had been dead for four days, according to when he last used his key card to enter his home. Cain’s housemates called the landlord because of the smell protruding from his room; his body was only identifiable by his dental records due to the decomposition. Cain is missed every single day. f HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF MR. PACO VALENTIN 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the retirement of Mr. Paco Valentin after 37 years of dedicated service to the U.S. De-partment of Agriculture (USDA). Mr. Valentin was born on November 14, 1951 in Brownsville, Texas. After graduating from St. Joseph Academy high school in Brownsville, he went to Texas State Univer-sity, where he received a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture. Mr. Valentin began his career with the USDA in 1979. Throughout his ten-ure, he served in numerous leadership roles including USDA Rural Development Housing Loan Specialist, Assistant County Supervisor, and eventually County Supervisor for the USDA Farmers Home Administration. In 2009, the Obama Administration ap-pointed Mr. Valentin to be the Texas State Di-rector of Rural Development for the USDA. During his tenure as State Director, Rural De-velopment has provided nearly $12 billion in rural investments throughout Texas for hous-ing, rural utilities, community facilities, and rural business and cooperative development. He also dedicated his time to the promotion, retention, and recruitment of minorities and women, as well as establishing a diverse sen-ior management workforce in an effort to cre-ate jobs and spur economic growth in rural communities with limited resources and in-comes below the poverty line. Mr. Valentin dedicated his professional ca-reer to working for agricultural and rural inter-ests. His passion and devotion for helping oth-ers serves as a model for all of us. Among his numerous awards, he has been recognized with the Habitat Texas 2014 Statewide Com-munity Partner of the Year Award, 2013 State-wide Rural Leadership Award by the Coordi-nating and Development Corporation of the Ark-La-Tex region, the recipient of the Urban Counties Leadership Award in 2010, and awarded the USDA Rural Development Distin-guished Service Award. Upon retiring, Mr. Valentin plans to spend his time in the company of his wife, Angie, and their two daughters, Jordan and Taylor. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have shared with you the legacy of Mr. Paco Valentin, who has had the support and confidence of the Texas Delegation and was honored with the privilege of serving as a presidential appointee under the Obama administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 10, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08DE8.174 E09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1119 Friday, December 9, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2028, Energy and Water De-velopment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act (the legislative vehicle for the continuing resolution). Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 612, Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6931–S7168 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and ten resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3537–3548, and S. Res. 633–642.
                                               Pages S7031–32 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2017’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–405) Report to accompany S. 2614, to amend the Vio-lent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism. (S. Rept. No. 114–397) Report to accompany S. 1403, to amend the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to promote sustainable conservation and man-agement for the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic fisheries and the communities that rely on them. (S. Rept. No. 114–398) S. 3038, to reauthorize the Coastal Zone Manage-ment Act of 1972, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–399) Report to accompany S. 1685, to direct the Fed-eral Communications Commission to extend to pri-vate land use restrictions its rule relating to reason-able accommodation of amateur service communica-tions. (S. Rept. No. 114–400) Report to accompany S. 2283, to ensure that small business providers of broadband Internet access service can devote resources to broadband deploy-ment rather than compliance with cumbersome regu-latory requirements. (S. Rept. No. 114–401) Report to accompany S. 2829, to amend and en-hance certain maritime programs of the Department of Transportation. (S. Rept. No. 114–402) Report to accompany S. 2609, to amend the Agri-cultural Marketing Act of 1946 to require the Sec-retary of Agriculture to establish a national vol-untary labeling standard for bioengineered foods. (S. Rept. No. 114–403) S. 2920, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–404) S. 236, to amend the Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 to create an expedited procedure to enact rec-ommendations of the Government Accountability Office for consolidation and elimination to reduce duplication, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 290, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1378, to strengthen employee cost savings sug-gestions programs within the Federal Government, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1607, to affirm the authority of the President to require independent regulatory agencies to comply with regulatory analysis requirements applicable to executive agencies, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2834, to improve the Governmentwide man-agement of unnecessarily duplicative Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1120 December 9, 2016 
programs and for other purposes, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2972, to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide transparency and require certain standards in the award of Federal grants, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S7031 
Measures Passed: Correct the Enrollment: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 183, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 612.
                                                                          Pages S7004–05 
Correct the Enrollment: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 179, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make certain corrections in the enrollment of S. 2943.
                                                                                Page S7102 
Arsenal Installation: Committee on Armed Serv-ices was discharged from further consideration of S. 3336, to provide installation reutilization authority for arsenals, depots, and plants, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S7102–03 
Boozman (for Ernst) Amendment No. 5128, relat-ing to installation reutilization authority.
    Page S7102 
Boozman (for Ernst) Amendment No. 5129, to amend the title.
                                                          Page S7102 
Geographic Targeting Orders: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5602, to amend title 31, United States Code, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Treasury to include all funds when issuing certain geographic targeting orders, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S7103 
Boozman (for Shelby/Brown) Amendment No. 5127, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S7103 
Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 3218, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’.
                                            Page S7103 
Richard Allen Cable Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 4887, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’.
                                                                           Page S7103 
Leonard Montalto Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 5150, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Vet-erans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’.
   Page S7103 Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 5309, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’.
                                            Page S7103 
E. Marie Youngblood Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 5356, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page S7103 
Zapata Veterans Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 5591, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N U.S. Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7103 
Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building: Sen-ate passed H.R. 5676, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Of-ficer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7103 
Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 5798, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’.
                                            Page S7103 
Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 5889, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’.
                                                       Page S7103 
Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy: Senate passed S. 8, to provide for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Norway Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy.
                                Pages S7103–04 
PACT Act: Committee on the Judiciary was dis-charged from further consideration of S. 1831, to re-vise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
             Page S7104 
Boozman (for Toomey) Amendment No. 5169, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S7104 
Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Re-form and Improvement Act: Committee on the Ju-diciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3842, to improve homeland security, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1121 December 9, 2016 
to provide training to first responders, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S7104 
Boozman (for Perdue) Amendment No. 5171, re-lating to opportunities for small business participa-tion.
                                                                          Pages S7104–06 
Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Re-form and Improvement Act: Committee on the Ju-diciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 2781, to improve homeland security, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S7104–06 
Boozman (for Perdue) Amendment No. 5170, re-lating to travel compensation.
                    Pages S7104–06 
GAO Mandates Revision Act: Senate passed H.R. 5687, to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Accountability Office.
                 Page S7106 
Marine Debris Act Amendments: Senate passed S. 3086, to reauthorize and amend the Marine De-bris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S7106–07 
Boozman (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 5172, to authorize the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to assist with cleanup and response required by severe marine de-bris events.
                                                            Pages S7106–07 
Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Trans-parency Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 3112, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual re-port regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S7108 
Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consid-eration of H.R. 960, to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic, and the bill was then passed.
               Page S7108 
Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act: Senate passed H.R. 2726, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the moon.
                 Page S7108 
SEC Small Business Advocate Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3784, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to estab-lish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Business Capital For-mation Advisory Committee, and the bill was then passed.                                                                             Page S7108 
Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse: Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4618, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S7108 
Bottles and Breastfeeding Equipment Screening Act: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Trans-portation was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5065, to direct the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to notify air carriers and security screening personnel of the Transportation Security Administration of such Ad-ministration’s guidelines regarding permitting baby formula, breast milk, purified deionized water, and juice on airplanes, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S7108–09 
United States-Israel Advanced Research Part-nership Act: Senate passed H.R. 5877, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security research and antiterrorism programs relating to cybersecurity. 
                                                                                            Page S7109 
National Aviation Maintenance Technician Day: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Trans-portation was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 335, supporting the goals and ideals of National Aviation Maintenance Technician Day, honoring the invaluable contributions of Charles Ed-ward Taylor, regarded as the father of aviation main-tenance, and recognizing the essential role of aviation maintenance technicians in ensuring the safety and security of civil and military aircraft, and the resolu-tion was then agreed to.
                                        Page S7109 
Increasing the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability to Veterans Act: Senate passed S. 290, to amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the accountability of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S7109 
Boozman (for Moran) Amendment No. 5173, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S7109 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1122 December 9, 2016 
Jeff Miller and Richard Blumenthal Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act: Senate passed H.R. 6416, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
                                                                                    Pages S7109–21 
Combat-Injured Veterans Tax Fairness Act: Senate passed H.R. 5015, to restore amounts im-properly withheld for tax purposes from severance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combat-related injuries.
                                                                           Page S7121 
Commemorating the Bicentennial of the State of Indiana: Senate agreed to S. Res. 635, recognizing and commemorating the bicentennial of the State of Indiana.
                                                                           Page S7121 
National Nurse-Managed Health Clinic Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 636, designating the week of December 4 through December 10, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Nurse-Managed Health Clinic Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7121 
Tragic Fire in Oakland, California: Senate agreed to S. Res. 637, honoring the individuals who lost their lives in the tragic fire in Oakland, Cali-fornia, on December 2, 2016.
                             Page S7121 
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 638, recognizing the 75th anni-versary of the attack on Pearl Harbor and the lasting significance of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.
                                                                                  Page S7121 
Wreaths Across America Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 639, designating December 17, 2016, as ‘‘Wreaths Across America Day’’.
                       Page S7121 
Recognizing the Death of John Glenn: Senate agreed to S. Res. 640, recognizing the death of John Glenn, former Senator for the State of Ohio and the first individual from the United States to orbit the Earth.
                                                                       Pages S7122–23 
70-year Reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 57, honoring in praise and remembrance the extraordinary life, steady lead-ership, and remarkable, 70-year reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S7123 
Portman (for Hatch) Amendment No. 5174, to make a correction.
                                                     Page S7123 
Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act: Senate passed H.R. 1150, to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, train-ing, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political re-sponses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, after withdrawing the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:                                                                    Pages S7123–27 
Portman (for Corker) Amendment No. 5175, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S7123–27 
Portman (for Corker) Amendment No. 5176 (to Amendment No. 5175), to clarify religious freedom training requirements for Foreign Service officers. 
                                                                                    Pages S7123–27 
Encouraging Reunions of Divided Korean Amer-ican Families: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 40, encouraging reunions of divided Korean American families.
                                                                          Page S7127 
United States-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act: Senate passed H.R. 4939, to increase engage-ment with the governments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States, and the private sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S7127–28 
Portman (for Corker) Amendment No. 5177, to revise the multi-year strategy requirement regarding diplomatic engagement with Caribbean region gov-ernments.
                                                                       Page S7128 
Correction in the Enrollment: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 181, directing the Secretary of the Sen-ate to make a certain correction in the enrollment of S. 1635.
                                                                          Page S7128 
Faster Care for Veterans Act: Senate passed H.R. 4352, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program establishing a patient self- scheduling appointment system.
                        Page S7128 
CHIP IN for Vets Act: Senate passed H.R. 5099, to establish a pilot program on partnership agree-ments to construct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs.
                                                   Page S7128 
Federal Bureau of Investigation Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act: Senate passed H.R. 5790, to provide adequate protections for whistle-blowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
                                                                                    Pages S7128–30 
Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act: Senate passed H.R. 6130, to provide the victims of Holo-caust-era persecution and their heirs a fair oppor-tunity to recover works of art confiscated or mis-appropriated by the Nazis.
                                   Page S7130 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1123 December 9, 2016 
Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center: Senate passed H.R. 6323, to name the Department of Veterans Af-fairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’.
        Page S7130 
John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources Sys-tem: Senate passed H.R. 6400, to revise the bound-aries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in New Jersey.
               Page S7130 
Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Se-curity Act: Senate passed H.R. 6431, to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives.
      Page S7130 
Inspector General Empowerment Act: Senate passed H.R. 6450, to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General.
                                            Pages S7130–31 
Federal Property Management Reform Act: Sen-ate passed H.R. 6451, to improve the Government- wide management of Federal property.
          Page S7131 
Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act: Senate passed H.R. 6452, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean.
                                                Page S7131 
Foreign Sovereign Immunity: Senate passed H.R. 6477, to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title.
                                                                                  Page S7131 
Overtime Pay for Secret Service Agents Act: Sen-ate passed H.R. 6302, to provide an increase in pre-mium pay for United States Secret Service agents performing protective services during 2016, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S7131–32 
Portman (for Johnson) Amendment No. 5178, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S7131 
Portman (for Johnson) Amendment No. 5179, to amend the title.
                                                  Pages S7131–32 
Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 5612, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Of-fice Building’’, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                            Page S7132 
OPEN Government Data Act: Senate passed S. 2852, to expand the Government’s use and adminis-tration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and innovation, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.                                                                                     Pages S7132–35 
Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act: Senate passed H.R. 4465, to decrease the deficit by consoli-dating and selling Federal buildings and other civil-ian real property.
                                                       Page S7135 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Authorization Act: Senate passed S. 3346, to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, after with-drawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S7135–44 
Portman (for Cruz/Nelson) Amendment No. 5180, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S7144 
200th Anniversary of the Committee on the Ju-diciary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 641, celebrating the 200th anniversary of the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate.
                                                    Page S7144 
Jonathan ‘J.D.’ De Guzman Post Office Build-ing: Senate passed H.R. 5948, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 830 Kuhn Drive in Chula Vista, California, as the ‘‘Jona-than ‘J.D.’ De Guzman Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7144 
U.S. Naval Construction Battalion ‘‘Seabees’’ Fallen Heroes Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 6138, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 560 East Pleasant Valley Road, Port Hueneme, California, as the U.S. Naval Construction Battalion ‘‘Seabees’’ Fallen He-roes Post Office Building.
                                     Page S7144 
Dr. Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 6282, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2024 Je-rome Avenue, in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Dr. Ros-coe C. Brown, Jr. Post Office Building’’.
      Page S7144 
Adolfo ‘Harpo’ Celaya Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 6304, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 North Main Street in Florence, Arizona, as the ‘‘Adolfo ‘Harpo’ Celaya Post Office’’.
                                                 Page S7144 
Social Security Act: Committee on Finance was discharged from further consideration of S. 1168, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to pre-serve access to rehabilitation innovation centers under the Medicare program, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S7144–45 
Portman (for Kirk) Amendment No. 5181, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S7145 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1124 December 9, 2016 
Post-9/11 Educational Assistance: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consid-eration of S. 3021, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the use of Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to pursue independent study programs at certain educational institutions that are not institu-tions of higher learning, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                       Page S7145 
Portman (for Inhofe/Blumenthal) Amendment No. 5182, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S7145 
Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act: Senate passed H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehensive security assessment of the transportation security card program, after with-drawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S7145–47 
Portman (for Thune) Amendment No. 5183, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S7146–47 
TIRES Act: Senate passed S. 1776, to enhance tribal road safety, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agree-ing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S7147–49 
Portman (for Barrasso) Amendment No. 5184, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S7148–49 
Cross-Border Trade Enhancement Act: Senate passed H.R. 875, to provide for alternative financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry.
                                    Page S7149 
Endangered Species Act of 1973: Senate passed H.R. 4245, to exempt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing require-ments under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S7149 
Portman (for King) Amendment No. 5185, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S7149 
Authorizing Taking Pictures and Filming: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 642, authorizing taking pic-tures and filming in the Senate Chamber, the Senate Wing of the United States Capitol, and Senate Of-fice Buildings for production of a film and a book on the history of the Senate.
                                Page S7149 
American Innovation and Competitiveness Act: Senate passed S. 3084, to invest in innovation through research and development, and to improve the competitiveness of the United States, after with-drawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S7149–67 Portman (for Gardner/Peters) Amendment No. 5186, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S7167 
National Park Service Centennial Act: Senate passed H.R. 4680, to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and protecting the natural, historic, and cultural resources of our National Parks for the enjoyment of present and future generations. 
                                                                                            Page S7167 
House Messages: Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act: By 63 yeas to 36 nays (Vote No. 161), Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, after taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S6932–95 
Withdrawn: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 5139, to change the enactment date.
                  Pages S6933, S6994 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 61 yeas to 38 nays (Vote No. 160), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill.
                           Page S6994 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropria-tions, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 5141, to change the enactment date, fell when clo-ture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                              Pages S6933, S6944 
McConnell Amendment No. 5142 (the instruc-tions (Amendment No. 5141) of the motion to refer), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill fell.
                                                                    Pages S6933, S6944 
McConnell Amendment No. 5143 (to Amend-ment No. 5142), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 5142 (the instructions (Amendment No. 5141) of the motion to refer) fell. 
                                                                            Pages S6933, S6944 
McConnell Amendment No. 5140 (to Amend-ment No. 5139), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 5139 was withdrawn.
                                                     Pages S6933, S6994 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1125 December 9, 2016 
Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Na-tion Act: By 78 yeas to 21 nays (Vote No. 163), Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, after tak-ing action on the following amendments and mo-tions proposed thereto:
                Pages S6995–98, S7000–04 
Withdrawn: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 5144, to change the enactment date.
    Page S7004 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 69 yeas to 30 nays (Vote No. 162), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S7004 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 5146, to change the enactment date, fell when cloture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill.
                                                      Pages S6995, S7004 
McConnell Amendment No. 5147 (the instruc-tions (Amendment No. 5146) of the motion to refer), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill fell.
                                                                    Pages S6995, S7004 
McConnell Amendment No. 5148 (to Amend-ment No. 5147), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 5147 (the instructions (Amendment No. 5146) of the motion to refer) fell. 
                                                                            Pages S6995, S7004 
McConnell Amendment No. 5145 (to Amend-ment No. 5144), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 5144 was withdrawn.
                     Pages S6995, S7004 
RESPONSE Act: Senate concurred in the amend-ment of the House to S. 546, to establish the Rail-road Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Sub-committee under the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials inci-dents involving railroads.
                                      Page S7104 
Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Re-authorization Act: Senate concurred in the amend-ment of the House to S. 2854, to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007.                                                                                Page S7135 
National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Act: Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 2971, to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System. 
                                                                                            Page S7135 
Department of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016: Sen-ate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 1635, to authorize the Department of State for fiscal year 2016.
                                                                      Page S7167 
Appointments: Advisory Committee on International Exchange Rate Policy: The Chair announced, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 114–125, upon the recommendation of the Chair-man and Ranking Member of the Committee on Fi-nance and the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the appointment of the following individuals to serve as members of the Advisory Committee on International Exchange Rate Policy: Mark A. Calabria of Virginia, John Cochrane of California, and Thea Lee of the District of Columbia.
   Page S7102 
United States-China Economic Security Review Commission: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, and in consultation with the Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Com-mittee on Finance, the re-appointment of the fol-lowing individual to serve as a member of the United States-China Economic Security Review Commission: Dennis Shea of Virginia, for a term be-ginning January 1, 2017 and expiring December 31, 2018.
                                                                                Page S7102 
Authority for Committees—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that, notwithstanding the Senate’s adjournment, commit-tees be authorized to report legislative and executive matters on Tuesday, December 20, 2016, from 9:30 a.m. until 11:30 a.m.
                                              Page S7102 
Tributes to Retiring Senators and the President of the Senate—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that there be printed as a Senate document a compilation of mate-rials from the Congressional Record in tribute to retir-ing Members of the 114th Congress, and an addi-tional Senate document a compilation of materials from the Congressional Record in tribute to President of the Senate Joe Biden, and that Members have until Tuesday, December 20, 2016 to submit such tributes.
                                                                          Page S7102 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1126 December 9, 2016 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that any tributes submitted by December 20, 2016, as authorized by the order of Saturday, De-cember 10, 2016, be printed in the January 3, 2017 Congressional Record of the 114th Congress. 
                                                                                            Page S7167 
Authorizing Leadership to Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that, notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                    Page S7167 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Tuesday, December 13, 2016, 8:30 a.m.; Friday, December 16, 2016, 10 a.m.; Tuesday, December 20, 2016, 9:30 a.m.; Friday, De-cember 23, 2016, 11:30 a.m.; Tuesday, December 27, 2016, 4:30 p.m.; Friday, December 30, 2016, 10 a.m.; Tuesday, January 3, 2017, 11:55 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Tuesday, January 3, 2017, it next convene at 12 noon, on the same day, pursuant to the Constitution; that following the presentation of the certificates of election and the swearing in of elected members and the required live quorum; and that following Leader remarks, Senate be in a period of morning business.
                 Page S7167 
Removal of Injunction of Secrecy: The injunction of secrecy was removed from the following treaties: The Treaties with the Republic of Kiribati and the Government of the Federated States of Micro-nesia on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries (Treaty Doc. No. 114–13); The Arms Trade Treaty (Treaty Doc. No. 114–14); and United Nations Convention on Transparency in Treaty-Based Investor-State Arbitration (Treaty Doc. No. 114–15). The treaties were transmitted to the Senate today, considered as having been read for the first time, and referred, with accompanying papers, to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations and ordered to be print-ed.
                                                                       Pages S6998–S7000 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Adri Davin Jayaratne, of Michigan, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Labor. Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector Gen-eral, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Andrew Mayock, of Illinois, to be Deputy Direc-tor for Management, Office of Management and Budget. Peggy E. Gustafson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Commerce. Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir, of Connecticut, to be Ambassador to Malaysia. Mark D. Acton, of Kentucky, to be a Commis-sioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission for a term expiring October 14, 2022. Robert G. Taub, of New York, to be a Commis-sioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission for a term expiring October 14, 2022. John D. Minton, Jr., of Kentucky, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the State Justice In-stitute for a term expiring September 17, 2019. Ann Begeman, of South Dakota, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expir-ing December 31, 2020.      Pages S7099–S7101, S7167–68 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S7101 
5 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-ral. Routine lists in the Coast Guard.
                Page S7101 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7027 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7027–31 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7032–33 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7033–40 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7025–27 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7040–99 
Notices of Intent:                                                    Page S7099 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—163)
                                           Pages S6994–95, S7004 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. on Fri-day, December 9, 2016 and adjourned, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Senator John Glenn, in accordance with S. Res. 640, at 6:39 a.m. on Saturday, December 10, 2016, until 8:30 a.m. on Tuesday, December 13, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7167.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1127 December 9, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 3 p.m. on Monday, December 12, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1078) 
H.R. 4665, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States. Signed on December 8, 2016. (Public Law 114–249) H.R. 4902, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to em-ployees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations. Signed on December 8, 2016. (Public Law 114–250) H.R. 5785, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers. Signed on December 8, 2016. (Public Law 114–251) H.R. 5873, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. Signed on December 8, 2016. (Public Law 114–252) S. 2754, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’’. Signed on December 8, 2016. (Public Law 114–253) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1128 December 9, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 8:30 a.m., Tuesday, December 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 3 p.m., Monday, December 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 3 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va. E1674 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1682 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E1669 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1695 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1665, E1676, E1681, E1685 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1675 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1668, E1670, E1671, E1678, E1685, E1688, E1691, E1700 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1685 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E1671 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1679 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1665, E1672, E1676, E1679, E1682, E1686, E1689, E1692, E1695, E1698 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1668 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1668, E1674, E1682, E1688, E1691, E1697 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1670, E1674 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E1691 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1685 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1675 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1694 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1681 Serrano, Jose´E., N.Y., E1669, E1670, E1675 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1667, E1670, E1675 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E1668 Young, David, Iowa, E1665, E1671, E1671, E1678, E1682, E1685, E1688, E1694, E1697 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Dec 11, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09DE6.REC D09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST