Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S141 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 2016 No. 12 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, January 25, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , JANUARY 21, 2016 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, our rock, our strength, and our life, thank You for being our high tower and strong defense. Because of You, we can conquer all anxieties and fears, sins and follies, failures and doubts. May we never forget that our times are in Your hands. Grant that this day our Senators will draw near to You and seek Your Divine guidance for the decisions they face. Lord, transform their lives, heal their wounds, and create in them clean hearts as You renew a right spirit with-in them. Fill their hearts with Your joy and give them Your peace. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The majority leader is recog-nized. ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION BILL AND WOTUS Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, next week the Senate will turn to broad, bipartisan energy legislation. The Energy Policy Modernization Act will help bring our energy policies in line with the demands of today and the opportunities of tomorrow. It will help Americans produce more energy. It will help Americans pay less for energy. It will help Americans save energy. That is what the Energy Policy Moderniza-tion Act will do. Here is what the En-ergy Policy Modernization Act won’t do: It won’t raise taxes. It won’t add a dime to the deficit. The broad Energy bill is a result of a truly bipartisan process, and it shows, which is why it was supported in com-mittee by a vote of 18 to 4. I look forward to debating the bipar-tisan Energy bill starting next week, but we won’t have to wait until then to consider bipartisan legislation. We will consider a different bipartisan measure today. S.J. Res. 22 passed in November with the support of several Democratic colleagues, and it would have over-turned the Obama administration’s waters of the United States regulation. Here is what our Democratic col-leagues have had to say about WOTUS: A Democratic Senator from West Vir-ginia has used phrases such as ‘‘com-pletely unreasonable’’ and ‘‘dan-gerously overreaching’’ when dis-cussing the issue. A Democratic Sen-ator from North Dakota said that ‘‘there is not one single regulation in the entire country that has caused more concern’’ in her State. A Demo-cratic Senator from Indiana said it was ‘‘incredibly important’’ that the rule be rewritten. That is just what the Democrats are saying. The administration has tried to spin WOTUS as some kind of clean water measure, but a bipartisan majority of Congress understands it is really a Fed-eral power grab clumsily masquerading as one. WOTUS would grant Federal bureaucrats dominion over nearly every piece of land that touches a pot-hole, ditch, or puddle. It would force the Americans who live there to ask Federal bureaucrats for permission to do just about anything with their very own property. That is why Congress sent bipartisan legislation to the Presi-dent to overturn it. His decision to veto that bipartisan measure made a few things quite clear: No. 1, he appar-ently stands with Washington bureau-crats on this issue, not the American people. No. 2, he apparently thinks America’s clean water rule should be based on Washington politics, not a sci-entific and truly collaborative process. It was good to see Democratic col-leagues stand with the American peo-ple when we first passed this bill. I ask the rest of the Democratic caucus to join with us now to do the right thing. Vote with us to override a veto that is about Federal power grabs and Wash-ington politics, not clean water and the American people. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S.J. RES. 29 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a joint resolution at the desk that is due for a second reading. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.000 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES142 January 21, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the joint resolution by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 29) to author-ize the use of United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and its associated forces. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the joint resolution on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the joint reso-lution will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
CLEAN WATER RULE Mr. REID. Mr. President, we are 3 weeks into the new year, and already we are back to wasting the Senate’s time to launch partisan attacks. Today my Republican colleagues have chosen to once again attack clean water pro-tections that millions of Americans de-pend on. On Tuesday President Obama vetoed the Republican attempt to roll back the clean water rule—a rule that basi-cally restores important safeguards to shield our water sources from pollution and contamination. There are special interest groups who have tried to raise money based on this. Some of the groups who have tried to raise money on this with fallacious information are farm groups. They have gone out and said that this is terrible for agri-culture. Agriculture is exempted, so anyone saying this is horrible for agri-culture is simply wrong. Under the spe-cific language of the legislation, agri-culture is exempted. The clean water rule resolves years of confusion and provides regulatory certainty for businesses, farmers, local governments, and communities. It cre-ates no new permitting requirements and maintains all previous exemptions and exclusions. Despite President Obama’s veto, Re-publicans remain determined to under-mine the environment. Safe water is critical to the health of our commu-nities. One need go no further than Flint, MI, to find out that that is, in fact, the case. And it is important to our economy. At this very moment, as I have indicated, 100,000 people live in Flint, MI. All of those families—thou-sands of families—have been forced to worry about their children’s health be-cause of lead contamination in their drinking water. Their little brains are adversely affected by lead in the water. We have known that for a long time, but in an effort to save a buck, the Governor and others in Michigan de-cided they would try something else and in the process have really dras-tically damaged the lives of little boys and girls in Flint, MI. Our country is the wealthiest coun-try in the world. No American should have to worry about whether they are drinking safe water in America. It is unconscionable to think that we would waste valuable time in the Senate at-tacking a rule dealing with clean water designed to keep our Nation’s water safe. And while we are doing this— wasting time here in the Senate today—Flint, MI, is in a state of emer-gency. Republicans are so wedded to idealogical purity, they have lost touch with reality. They have somehow failed to recognize that clean water is a basic priority for all Americans. The reality is that the Federal funding and reason-able protections are necessary to en-sure public health and safety. The Governor of the State of Michi-gan is an anti-government person. That is his mark. He especially wants Wash-ington to stay out of Michigan’s gov-ernment. But what is the first thing he does when he finds out he and his whole government have messed up the State of Michigan? He calls Wash-ington for help. He, along with many of my friends on the other side of the aisle, disparage the Federal Govern-ment every chance they get, but when a crisis strikes, whom do they call upon to help? The Federal Government. Rolling back clean water protections is the wrong thing to do, and Repub-licans should refocus their energy on solutions to keep America healthy and safe. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF CITIZENS UNITED DECISION Mr. REID. Mr. President, a flood of dark money has engulfed the American political system and perverted our de-mocracy. The voices of ordinary citi-zens are being drowned out by billion-aires seeking to rig the system in their favor. Americans should know that Demo-crats are fighting to restore their voice, which is being overshadowed by the billions of dollars being spent to push the Republican Presidential nomi-nees, and on every level of the govern-ment, this dark money is there drown-ing out the voices of average Ameri-cans. Over here, we stand united in our commitment to advance the interest of the middle-class and working families. It is important to remember how we got to this point. Yesterday I saw that the junior Sen-ator from Florida and the former Gov-ernor of Florida have spent about $150 million so far running for President. One of them is at 10 percent in the na-tional polls and the other is at 6 per-cent. But they have the money to slosh around and spend. We got here because 6 years ago today, the Supreme Court of our great country erased a century of sound gov-ernment regulations that protect the fairness and integrity of elections. It was determined during the Republican reign of Teddy Roosevelt that there was too much corporate money in American politics, and so under his leadership, it was eliminated. But the Supreme Court changed that in a very narrow decision of 5 to 4. The disastrous Citizens United ruling opened the floodgates for these shad-owy billionaires to influence our elec-tions. Most of the spending is done in secret by special interest shell groups who refuse to disclose their donors to the American people. These billionaire donors stop at nothing to buy a govern-ment that favors them and their spe-cial interests. There are two brothers who I believe are determined to buy America, and we will find out come election time. Maybe they have been able to do that. Charles and David Koch are shrewd business people. Their wealth is nearly unmatched anyplace in the world. They have amassed a fortune from inherited wealth that they have magnified that has come from oil, chemicals, and a lot of different places. They originally in-herited this from their dad and built it into a multinational corporation. No one really knows their net worth, but some say it is $100 billion, $150 billion. No one really knows. They have be-come two of the wealthiest men in the entire world. They seek more wealth, but that is not all they seek. A new book by Jane Myer—a dignified and renowned author and journalist—she reports in her book that immediately after the election of President Obama, the Koch brothers wanted to double down on what they had done before. They had been work-ing on this for a while. They didn’t like this man, Barack Obama, being Presi-dent of the United States, so they gathered like-minded billionaires—it is in her book—and plotted to spend how-ever much money it would take to get rid of him for a new term and basically undermine our democracy. You can’t make up a story like this. These are the facts. Capitalizing on the Citizens United decision, the Koch brothers have poured over $1 billion into our political system to create a country that pro-tects the wealthiest one-half of 1 per-cent. The America they envision is drastically different from the vision most Americans have for our country. I have a list of some of the things they have advocated for decades. It used to be just the fringe, but now we have people running for President who agree with him. They want to abolish Social Security, eliminate minimum wage laws, dismantle Medicare as we know it, dismantle our public edu-cation system, dismantle protections for clean air and water, create tax breaks for themselves, and they have done a pretty good job of that. They are prepared to use their enormous wealth to accomplish these goals. They really put their money where their mouth is. They spend it because they have it to spend. They have pledged to spend about $1 billion this cycle, not counting all the money they have spent in years past. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.008 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S143 January 21, 2016 
They have been involved in years past to make sure the John Birch Soci-ety had a place in our society—the lib-ertarians. They were libertarians for a while. The Supreme Court has paved the way for greedy robber barons—robber barons like the Koch brothers—to cre-ate a government that works for the richest of the rich. Democracy demands that every American has an equal opportunity to have his or her voice heard. It should not be dependent upon how much money one has. I am sorry to say our Supreme Court has determined that your voice is going to be much louder if you have a lot of money. A democratic system should give every American a fair shot, but every time we have tried to make an effort to fix our broken finance sys-tem, the Republicans have said no. We had a DISCLOSE Act. We brought it before this body. It would have passed the House at that time. There were 59 Democrats. We needed one Re-publican—one Republican—to make it more apparent so that the American people could see where this money was coming from. Not one Republican would join with us. Now, I came to the House of Rep-resentatives with the senior Senator from Arizona. I admire him. He is an American hero, despite what Donald Trump says. He proved himself in bat-tle and in the prison system set up in Vietnam. I admire J
OHNMCCAIN. I can remember him working with Russ Feingold, the Senator from Wisconsin, and they passed the McCain-Feingold legislation. It became the law of this country. It was a really good, strong step forward. Citizens United wiped that out. My friend, the senior Senator from Arizona, had an opportunity to help this bad financial system the Supreme Court has put forward, and he didn’t step forward. He decided to take a pass on it. I am very disappointed. I have never forgotten what he didn’t do or what he could have done with one vote. We only needed one vote. We had 59, and we only needed 1 more. Rather than secret political spend-ing, we should have immediate disclo-sure—some disclosure. Rather than corporations buying influence, we should restore laws that limit the power of special interests. Rather than empowering the wealthy, we should en-courage small contributions. We must make clear once and for all that the United States of America is not for sale. We criticized and complained about the Soviet Union and how it was. We were so happy when the Soviet Union fell and Russia became a ‘‘democracy.’’ Now people say that Russia is an oli-garchy. What is an oligarchy? An oli-garchy is a country run by a person who is controlled by wealth—the wealth of individuals and families. That is what we have in Russia, and that is what we are going to have in America if this is allowed to continue. The Koch brothers and a few other billionaires will be in concert with—we see this line of characters running for President on the Republican ticket—it will be with them. It will be an oligar-chy first class. It will match what is going on in Russia today. We must make clear that the United States is not for sale. The Citizens United decision that we celebrate in a very adverse way today on its anniver-sary is bad for the country, and I hope the Supreme Court understands how bad it is for the country. It is one of the worst decisions in the history of the Supreme Court, if not the worst. Mr. President, would the Chair an-nounce the business of the day. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS AND THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY— VETO The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the veto message on S.J. Res. 22, which the clerk will re-port. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 10:30 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask unanimous consent that the time be charged equally between the majority and the minority. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that on Tuesday, January 26, at 2:15 p.m., the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 306; that there be 15 minutes of debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the nomination; that if confirmed, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —S. 2012 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following morning business on Tuesday, January 26, the Senate proceed to Calendar No. 218, S. 2012, with a period of debate only until 3 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with my Republican colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. We are here today to vote in about half an hour on overriding the Presi-dent’s veto, a congressional action that would not have allowed the country to move forward with the so-called waters of the United States rule. The waters of the United States sounds like a lot until you look at the map beside me. This is a map of the State of Missouri and of what would be covered under EPA jurisdiction, if this rule is allowed to go into effect. This is a map from the Missouri Farm Bureau that nobody has taken issue with, and the red part of our State would be covered by Federal Gov-ernment authority. So 99.7 percent of the State would suddenly be under the jurisdiction of the EPA on all things related to water: water running off the parking lot, water running off your driveway, water running off your roof, water falling into your yard, water falling into a vacant lot if someone wants to build a house on that vacant lot—all of those things in 99.7 percent of the State. I think that three-tenths of 1 percent may be some unusual seep-age area where the water runs away in a way that the EPA hasn’t yet figured out how to assert jurisdiction over. The law passed in the early 1970s, the Clean Water Act, said that the EPA would have jurisdiction over navigable waters. So, if you believe the EPA and believe this rule and believe in the President’s veto, navigable waters would apparently be every drop of water in 99.7 percent of Missouri. If the President and the administra-tion and the EPA want to change the law where it no longer says ‘‘navigable waters,’’ but where it says virtually all the water, there is a way to do that: In-troduce a bill, come to the Congress, and the Congress votes on that bill. If the House and Senate approve it—I know this sounds like it is a pretty pe-destrian discussion. But apparently the President and EPA don’t understand that it is the way to change the law. It is not just that somebody decides that all of the water in Missouri—or to be accurate, 99.7 percent of the water in our State, of the geography of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.010 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES144 January 21, 2016 
State on any water issue—suddenly be-comes the jurisdiction of the EPA. I will assure you that if the EPA gets this jurisdiction, there is no way that they can do what they say the Environ-mental Protection Agency should do. That is the case in Missouri. I am joined by my colleagues from North Dakota and Wyoming to talk about this. Certainly, we have been on the floor repeatedly to talk about this. We also talked about remedies. A great remedy would be that any regulation that has significant economic impact should be voted on by the Congress. It is a bill we have all co-sponsored called the REINS Act. Now the analogy here is pretty good—to put the reins on gov-ernment. But what would really hap-pen in the REINS Act is that anybody who would vote for a rule like this would have to go home and explain it. Frankly, I think anybody who doesn’t override the President’s veto had bet-ter be prepared to go home and explain it. Senator B
ARRASSO and Senator H
OEVEN have been vigorous in this fight. As to Senator H
OEVEN , I know this is something that matters where he lives and where we live, but it is also a great indication of what happens when the government somehow be-lieves that no matter what the Con-stitution says or what the law says, the all-knowing Federal Government should be in charge of everything ev-erywhere—in this case, virtually all the water in the country. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, that is absolutely right. I join my distin-guished colleague from the State of Missouri, as well as my colleague from the State of Wyoming and our col-league from the State of Iowa. This is an incredibly important issue. It is probably the No. 1 regulatory re-lief that all business sectors need. Starting with our farmers and ranch-ers, this is a huge issue. This crosses all sectors because this is a big-time overreach by the EPA, and it really af-fects all property owners. You are talk-ing about private property rights that are at stake here. There is a fundamental principle at stake in terms of how our government works, as well. The EPA has taken through its own regulatory fiat addi-tional authority that it does not le-gally possess. It has done so under a legal theory that it has advanced called ‘‘significant nexus.’’ Essentially, it has gone beyond the jurisdiction it has, which is regulation with regard to navigable bodies of water, such as the Missouri River, for example, to, in es-sence, say it can now regulate all water wherever it finds it anywhere. Now think about that. If part of the executive branch or a regulatory agen-cy can unilaterally say, ‘‘You know what, we are not just going to operate under our legislative authority; we are just going to take additional authori-ties that we don’t legally have in order to do what we think is our job,’’ then we have a fundamental problem be-cause that defies the underlying con-cepts of the checks and balances of our government, where the legislative, ju-dicial, and executive all offset each other in order to protect private prop-erty rights. That is absolutely what is at stake here. Essentially, the EPA has set a rule where they can regulate water any-where in any capacity. So if a farmer, after a rain storm, goes out and wants to move water in a ditch, or even an in-dividual private property owner wants to do that, do they have to apply to the EPA for a permit? How do they know? To whom do they go? Are they going to get consistent rulings? Why in the world should they be subject to an agency without legislative authority, just deciding that they are going to have jurisdiction or authority in cases where they don’t have it? It is a very important principle in terms of pro-tecting private property rights as well as the fundamental fact that it has a devastating impact on farmers, ranch-ers, and every sector of our society. I would turn back to my colleague from Missouri and ask him to touch on, maybe for just a minute, what we can do about it. We are on the floor today to have a vote, and I think we need to point out how important it is that our colleagues join us in making sure that we override this Presidential veto. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I appre-ciate that. This is a bill that has been on the President’s desk. It passed the Senate, which means that 60 Senators were supportive of this rule not being able to go forward in its current status. The President vetoed the bill. This would be a time for the Congress to stand up. If you didn’t have any other interest in this fight, it is the time for the Congress to stand up and say: If you are going to change the law, the only way to change the law is for the Congress to change the law. The Presi-dent appears to be willing to discover all sorts of ways that can’t be found in the Constitution to change the law. But even if you were on the other side of this issue, even if you want to come to the floor of the Senate and vigor-ously argue that the EPA needs the ju-risdiction of all the water in the coun-try, as a Member of the Senate, the Senate should do that, the House should do that, and the Constitution should work. Senator B
ARRASSO , it is clearly not working here. ‘‘Navigable waters’’ has been used in Federal law since about 1846, and until the last couple of years when the EPA asserted differently, everybody always thought they knew what that meant. If you could move something on it, navi-gate it, then the Constitution says the Federal Government has the obligation for interstate commerce. So debating how much of the Missouri River, as Senator H
OEVEN brought up, is navi-gable is a constitutional debate to have because it is a commerce issue. I say to Senator B
ARRASSO , sug-gesting that all the water in the coun-try is navigable doesn’t make sense. The Senator has been one of the lead-ers in trying to point out for months and years now that this rule will be ru-inous to economic activity. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I want to agree and second everything that my colleague from Missouri, Sen-ator BLUNT , had to say—that 99.7 per-cent of his State is underwater accord-ing to the EPA. We had a hearing, and I looked at a map of Wyoming that the EPA pre-sented. It looked like the entire State of Wyoming was underwater, according to the EPA. This is an incredible over-reach on the part of this administra-tion, this EPA. It is so interesting, because the President of the United States said: Well, if you have better ideas, bring them. If you have better ideas, bring them. Well, we did. A number of us co-sponsored bipartisan legislation—a number of Democrats supported it, as well—to allow for Congress to establish the principles of what a new EPA rule would look like. It didn’t say to get rid of the whole thing. It said there are ways to make it better; let the people on the ground make those decisions. Who are the best stewards of the land? Here we are. The Presiding Offi-cer, the former Governor of South Da-kota, knows that the people of his State have a much better love of the land of South Dakota, just as the former Governor of North Dakota, who is on the floor, knows that the people on the ground in North Dakota have a much greater love of the land and re-spect for the land and desire to protect the land and the water and to keep the water clean, just as we do in Wyoming and in Missouri. That is what this is about. It is about letting people who have the best interests and who are the best stewards of the land make those deci-sions—not, again, a Federal grab. It is absolutely absurd, and it shows a President of the United States who is acting in a way that I believe is lawless to the point that the courts have now weighed in. The courts have begun to weigh in on the concerns with this rule that we are going to vote on today. We hope we override the veto of the President, be-cause the courts have said: Hey, we need to take a pause. Judge Erickson of the District of North Dakota on Au-gust 27 issued an injunction that blocked the waters of the United States rule in 13 States because he said the rulemaking record was ‘‘inex-plicable, arbitrary, devoid of a rea-soned process’’—devoid of a reasoned process. Yet the President is saying: Oh, no, they have got it all right. The President is wrong. The United States Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals put a nationwide stay on the rule in October. The court stated in granting the stay that ‘‘the sheer breadth of the ripple effects caused by the rule’s definitional changes counsels strongly in favor of maintaining the status quo for the time being.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.011 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S145 January 21, 2016 
Yet the President of the United States ignores it all. Congress needs to have a say. The courts are having a say. The President needs to realize that his actions have huge impacts— negative impacts—on the economies of our States, our communities, and cer-tainly of the entire country. So it is a privilege to be here to join my col-leagues from South Dakota, North Da-kota, Missouri, and soon my colleague from Iowa who will weigh in, sup-porting the effort to override the Presi-dent of the United States on this spe-cific piece of legislation. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, we are urging our colleagues to do just ex-actly that—vote to override and re-assert the constitutional authority of the Congress. To finish up our part of our discussion this morning is some-body who also understands the impor-tance of the land, what it means to love and appreciate the land, how you can do that closer to the land than far-ther away, the Senator from Iowa, Mrs. E
RNST . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues—the Senators from Missouri, North Dakota, and Wy-oming—for their colloquy. This is a big deal, not just for those of us from these States but for all Americans. We have a choice today. We do have a choice. We can stand with our farmers, our ranchers, our small businessmen, our manufacturers, our homebuilders, or we can stand with an overreaching Federal agency that is committed to expanding its reach to over 97 percent of our lands in Iowa and, as my col-league from Missouri stated, 99.7 per-cent of the land in Missouri. I know what I am going to do. I am going to stand with my constituents. I am going to stand with Iowans who have told me time and again that their voices were not heard in this process and that their livelihoods are being threatened. Instead of listening to those who will be most impacted by this rule, the EPA thought it would be better to use tax-payer dollars to illegally solicit com-ments in an effort to falsely justify their power grab. A little over a week ago, President Obama, in his State of the Union Ad-dress, pledged a willingness to work with Congress on cutting redtape. This bipartisan legislation presented a great opportunity to do just that, but instead he sided with unelected bureaucrats and an unchecked Federal agency. So apparently he must have already for-gotten what he had said. I would also like to remind everyone that in November, 11 of my Democratic colleagues voted to uphold President Obama’s rule at the behest of liberal special interests. Then immediately they ran for cover by sending a letter warning the EPA that they may oppose the rule in the future if it is not fixed. Only in Washington could someone re-serve the right to do their job at a later time. Here we are 3 months later, and this rule is not fixed. Well, I say to those colleagues: Today is that later time. Join me in helping to fix this rule today. In closing, we all want clean water. That is not disputable. I have continu-ously emphasized that the water we drink needs to be clean and safe. How-ever, this rule is not about clean water; it is a regulatory power grab that harms our farmers, ranchers, small businesses, manufacturers, and home-builders. Stand up for them today, not for a Federal agency gone wrong. I urge all of my colleagues to vote to scrap this ill-conceived waters of the United States expansion. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, by vetoing Senator ERNST ’s Congressional Review Act resolution, President Obama is ignoring the pleas of States, local governments, farmers, small busi-nesses, and property owners all over this country. He is ignoring the conclu-sion of legal counsel for the Corps of Engineers that the rule is ‘‘incon-sistent with the Supreme Court’s deci-sions in Rapanos and SWANCC.’’ He is ignoring determinations by two Federal courts that EPA’s ‘‘waters of the United States’’ rule is likely illegal and therefore should not go into effect until the 32 States that have sued to stop this rule have their day in court. Finally, he is ignoring a legal decision issued by the Government Account-ability Office that, in developing this rule, EPA broke the law. According to GAO’s December 14 de-cision, EPA’s attempts to defend and promote their rule were not legitimate. In fact, GAO found that EPA’s actions constituted illegal covert propaganda and grassroots lobbying. EPA con-ducted covert propaganda when they drafted a message of support for the WOTUS rule and then convinced 980 people to send that message to their social media network. GAO estimates that this message reached about 1.8 million people who had no idea that they were receiving a message that was written by EPA. In fact, the public was encouraged to send the EPA-written message back to EPA—the ultimate echo chamber. This is covert propa-ganda taken to a new extreme. EPA engaged in grassroots lobbying activity when they posted messages on their official government website that directed the public to visit the websites of environmental activist groups who were soliciting opposition to congres-sional efforts to send this WOTUS rule back to the drawing board. In fact, EPA linked their government website to ‘‘action alerts’’ issued by these ac-tivist groups. Because EPA’s covert propaganda and lobbying efforts are illegal, they also violated the Anti-Deficiency Act. This act prohibits the unauthorized use of taxpayer dollars. EPA issued a statement disagreeing with GAO, but their opinion is irrele-vant. We live in a world of law. Federal agencies don’t get to decide what laws they chose to obey. EPA does not get to decide what constitutes a violation of the ban on propaganda and lobbying. EPA does not get to decide what con-stitutes a violation of the Anti-Defi-ciency Act. GAO does, and GAO has issued its legal decision. If EPA continues with this illegal ac-tivity, they will do so knowing and in willful violation of the Anti-Deficiency Act, and a knowing and willful viola-tion is a crime. By vetoing S.J. Res. 22, President Obama is aligning himself with an ille-gal rule and is encouraging illegal agency activities and the unauthorized use of taxpayer dollars. This has to stop. No Member of this body should associate himself or herself with these activities. Please join me in voting to override this veto. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to urge my colleagues to op-pose the joint resolution that we will be voting on shortly, to support the Clean Water Act, and to support the clean water rule. I was listening to my colleagues. First, let me say that the basis of the regulation issued by the Environ-mental Protection Agency is based upon the Clean Water Act. The Clean Water Act was passed by Congress be-cause Congress recognized that it had a responsibility to the American people for clean water. For public health rea-sons, for economic reasons, for reasons of generations, we needed to make sure we have clean water supplies for drink-ing, recreation, public health, and our environment. So the authority to issue this clean water rule comes from an act of Congress. Administrations have been enforcing the Clean Water Act for many years. It was fairly well understood—the waters of the United States—until there were a couple of Supreme Court cases. The Rapanos case was in 2006. It required further clarification; otherwise, deci-sions were made on a case-by-case basis, giving great uncertainty as to what is covered and what is not cov-ered. That was a decade ago. Congress could have acted during that decade, but Congress chose not to act. We could have clarified the law and there-fore given EPA specific instructions, but instead the uncertainty has re-mained. I have often listened to my col-leagues talk about how one of the most demanding problems we have is that we create uncertainty—a short-term ex-tension of tax provisions, a short-term CR—that we don’t give predictability, and that is one of the things we need to do. For farmers and ranchers and de-velopers and the American people to be able to take full advantage of the op-portunities of this country, they need to know the ground rules. That is exactly what this clean water rule does. It sets the parameters of what is going to be regulated and what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.013 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES146 January 21, 2016 
is not. It uses the prior application— before the Supreme Court cases—as its guideline. It does not pave new ground. It is basically what the stakeholders and the public thought was the law be-fore the Supreme Court cases, which added to the uncertainty. If you listen to some of my col-leagues, you would think they just pulled this regulation out of thin air. They had over 400 meetings with stake-holders—a 2-year process. Millions of comments were reviewed before the final regulation was issued. So this went through a very deliberative proc-ess. First and foremost, it offers cer-tainty on the application of the law and uses the prior application as the main way of determining what is cov-ered, and it rejects the case-by-case un-certainty that is under existing law. The rule protects public health, our environment, and our economy. Let me talk a little bit about that. One out of every three Americans would be get-ting drinking water that would not be covered if we don’t get the Clean Water Act in full application—67 percent of Marylanders. There are millions of acres of wet-lands that are at risk of not being reg-ulated. Wetlands are critically impor-tant for flood protection in many of our States, to recharge groundwater supplies—important to many of our States—to filter pollution. That is very important. It is important in Mary-land. The Chesapeake Bay and the Chesapeake Bay’s environmental fu-ture very much depend upon the qual-ity of the upstream waters and wet-lands. It is at risk if we don’t move for-ward with the full application of the Clean Water Act. It is certainly important for wildlife habitat. I hear all of my friends talk about how important it is to preserve our wildlife. Well, that is very much engaged in what we are talking about. It also deals with our economy. Some of my colleagues have talked about that. Certainly I can talk about the wildlife recreation benefits in my State of Maryland—a $1.3 billion-a-year in-dustry in Maryland and over $500 mil-lion in fishing alone. Well, let me tell you something. If you have polluted waters, you are going to lose your wild-life recreational industry. It is criti-cally important for recreation. I think my colleagues understand that. My colleagues talk about agri-culture. Agriculture, of course, needs clean water. We would be the first to acknowledge that clean water is very important to agriculture. As it relates to the agricultural community, there are so many special exceptions in the clean water rule. Let’s at least be straight as to what is covered and what is not covered. Many of the examples that have been given on the floor of the Senate are not covered bodies of water under the clean water rule that is being proposed. The bottom line is that this rule is not only good for our environment, it is not only good to make sure people have safe drinking water, it is not only good to make sure that we have clean streams, that wetlands are protected, and that water bodies that flow into navigable waters are protected so we have clean water for the purposes of our environment, but it is also impor-tant for our economy because of the di-rect impact it would have, and it is im-portant to many industries that depend upon clean water supplies. Many of them are very much dependent upon clean water supplies in order to produce the products in agriculture that are critically important. For the sake of our environment, for the sake of our economy, I urge my colleagues to reject this resolution. Let me add one last point. We are all proud Members of the Senate. We are all proud Members of this Congress. I would hope one of the legacies we want to leave when this term is over is that we have added to the proud record of those who served before us in pro-tecting our waters and in protecting our air because that has been the leg-acy of the Congresses before us—the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Chesapeake Bay Program, the Great Lakes. Congress was responsible for many of these programs. On the Chesapeake Bay, but for the actions of Congress, that program would not be what it is today. The funds would not be there. We initiated it. It was not even in the administra-tion’s budget. We did that because we recognized that the Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure, the largest estuary in our hemisphere. We understood that, so we acted. So what is going to be the legacy of this Congress? Is this going to be a Congress that moves in the backward direction in protecting our clean water? I hope that is not the legacy of this Congress. I urge my colleagues to be on the right side of clean water, to be on the right side of what Americans expect us to do and to protect the water supply of our Nation and to vote against this joint resolution. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I yield back our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the veto message on S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, John Thune, Johnny Isakson, Steve Daines, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Deb Fischer, Pat Roberts, Thom Tillis, John Cor-nyn, Joni Ernst, David Vitter, Lamar Alexander, John Barrasso, Ron John-son, Thad Cochran. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the veto mes-sage on S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have vote ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 5 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—40 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.014 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S147 January 21, 2016 
NOT VOTING—8 
Alexander Boxer Coons Cruz Rubio Sanders Scott Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 40. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. Cloture not having been invoked, under the previous order, the veto mes-sage on S.J. Res. 22 is indefinitely post-poned. The Senator from Kansas. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. 
f 
43RD ANNIVERSARY OF ROE V. WADE DECISION Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, thank you to my colleagues who are joining me here today and so many other efforts to stand up for women. The 43rd anniversary of the Supreme Court’s historic ruling in Roe v. Wade is tomorrow. This is an important time to remember how much this decision has meant for women’s equality, oppor-tunity, and health, why it is so impor-tant we continue defending the hard- won gains that women have made, and why we need to keep pushing for con-tinued progress. For anyone who supports a woman’s constitutionally protected right to make her own health care choices, this has been a tough and trying Congress. To be honest, at the beginning of 2015, I gave my Republican colleagues the benefit of the doubt. I hoped that in the majority, they might focus more on governing and less on trying to get in between a woman and her rights. Unfortunately, that didn’t last long. Since this Congress began, more than 80 bills have been introduced in Con-gress that would undermine a woman’s constitutionally protected right to make her own choices about her own body. The House and Senate have voted a total of 20 times on legislation to roll back women’s health and rights. That is not all. Republicans have pushed budget proposals that would dismantle the Affordable Care Act. After a summer of using deceptive, highly edited videos to discredit Planned Parenthood and try to take away health care services that one in five women rely on over their life-times, the House has doubled down by launching a special investigative com-mittee to keep up the political attacks. Of course similar efforts to undermine women’s constitutionally protected health care rights are underway across the country. Nowhere is that clearer than in Texas, where an extreme anti-abortion law could force 75 percent of the clinics statewide to close. If that law stands, 900,000 women of child-bearing age will have to drive as far as 300 miles round trip to get the health care they need. To be clear, a right means nothing without the ability to exercise that right. Laws like HB2 in Texas and many others like it across the country, driven by extreme conservative efforts to undermine women’s access to care, are without question getting in be-tween women and their rights, espe-cially the rights of women who can’t afford to take off work and drive hun-dreds of miles just to get health care. Later this year, the Supreme Court will decide whether to uphold Texas’s extreme anti-abortion law. In doing so, they will decide whether women can act on the rights they are afforded in the Constitution. This law puts wom-en’s lives at risk. It is the biggest threat to women’s constitutional rights in over a decade. That is why I am working with many of my Demo-cratic colleagues to call on the Su-preme Court to uphold Roe v. Wade and protect a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions. Today, as we head into a year that is absolutely critical for women, I have a message for those who want to turn back the clock. Those efforts to under-mine women’s health care are nothing new. Women have been fighting them for generations, and we are going to keep fighting back today. We are not going to go back to the days when be-cause women had less control over their own bodies, they had less equal-ity and less opportunity. As we defend the progress we have made, we will keep pushing for more, from continuing to expand access so that where a woman lives doesn’t de-termine what health care she can get to expanding access to affordable birth control and family planning, to fight-ing back against domestic violence and sexual assault, which disproportion-ately impacts women. We are going to keep pushing for progress because we believe strongly that the next generation of women— our daughters and our grand-daughters—should have stronger rights and more opportunity, not less. My colleagues and I in the Senate are going to keep working hard every day to bring women’s voices to the Senate floor and show that when women are stronger, our country is stronger. Let’s keep up the fight. ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, Roe v. Wade became law of the land 43 years ago, taking women out of the back alleys and promising them the funda-mental right to make their own choices about their health care and their futures. As we mark this milestone, the GOP and their extreme allies are doing ev-erything in their power to take away that promise. Since 2010, States have passed 288 new laws that are designed to place barrier upon barrier between women and their critical health care. These laws have piled on outrageous requirements for clinics, providers and the women they serve—making it hard-er for women to get the care they need. Texas’s extreme law, HB2, is no dif-ferent. The Supreme Court recently agreed to hear Whole Women’s Health v. Cole, a case challenging HB2, which is designed to close health clinics that provide safe, legal abortions. Its pro-ponents claim to be protecting women. In what universe is it ‘‘protecting’’ women by making it harder for them to access critical health care? The answer, of course, is it’s not. This law targets women’s health care providers with intentionally burden-some requirements such as mandating that physicians gain admitting privi-leges at hospitals within a 30-mile ra-dius of where they practice—a provi-sion that has already forced more than half the clinics in Texas to close. And let’s be clear: that is their goal— to shut down clinics and deny rights. If HB2 is upheld, it would reduce the number of providers from 40 to 10. Ten clinics for the second largest State in the country. This would force women to travel for hours or even to another State for care. That is exactly what happened to Austin resident Marni, who was forced to fly to Seattle when her procedure was cancelled the night before it was scheduled because the clinic was forced to immediately discontinue providing these services after HB2 took effect. Muni said her first reaction was ‘‘to feel like my rights were being taken away from me, to feel very dis-appointed that elected officials had the ability to make decisions about my and my fiance´’s life.’’ In some cases, forcing women to delay or cancel procedures could en-danger their health and lives. Vikki is a diabetic who discovered months into her pregnancy that the fetus she was carrying suffered from several major anomalies and had no chance of survival. Because of Vikki’s diabetes, her doctor determined that induced labor and Caesarian section were both riskier procedures for Vikki than an abortion. Fortunately, Vikki lived in a State where she was able to have the procedure she needed to pro-tect her life and ensure she could have children in the future. But GOP-led state legislatures are doing everything they can to pass laws designed to deny care to women like Vikki. There are currently laws across the country to: Ban abortions; Restrict the use of the abortion pill; Ban the use of telemedicine—which allows doc-tors to treat patients who live far away or in rural areas and prescribe abortion medication; Require women to wait a certain time between their first doc-tor’s visit and their procedure; and Re-quire women go through mandatory counseling and even require an ultrasound in which medical personnel describe the image of the fetus to the patient. This crusade is also about denying access to family planning. Yes, in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.001 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES148 January 21, 2016 
year 2016, Republicans and their ex-treme allies are still on a crusade against contraception, which the Su-preme Court deemed legal 50 years ago. This is despite the fact that we know contraceptives are the best way to de-crease unintended pregnancies and abortions. This is despite the fact that 99 per-cent of American women who have ever been sexually active have used at least one contraceptive method—and not just to plan their families. Fifty-eight percent of women who take birth con-trol do so at least in part to treat pain-ful and difficult medical conditions. Of those, 1.5 million women take it solely as a medication to treat those condi-tions. They are women like Sandra from Los Angeles, who suffers from poly-cystic ovary syndrome and has used birth control since the age of 18 to treat her condition, which could other-wise render her infertile and put her at higher risk for complications like heart disease, diabetes, and cancer. For women like Sandra, access to birth control is essential. In fact, contraception has had such a dramatic impact on women and fami-lies in this country that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention de-clared it one of the greatest public health achievements of the 20th cen-tury. A 2012 study also found that ac-cess to affordable birth control led to a decline in teen births and reduced the rate of abortions by one-half, which is a goal we all should share. So while many of us fight to expand access to affordable birth control, the GOP is trying to make contraception more expensive and harder to get. Ironically, so many of those who want to overturn Roe and deny access to contraceptives are the same people who say they want limited govern-ment. There is nothing limited about inserting the government between a woman, her family and their most per-sonal health care decisions. This is the opposite of limited gov-ernment—and it is wrong and dan-gerous. Leaving women with no other option for health care may force them to take matters into their own hands— and in Texas, it is already happening. A recent study by the University of Texas found that as many as 210,000 women tried to end their own preg-nancies since HB2 took effect in 2013. We cannot go back to the days of back alley abortions. We cannot undermine the promise Roe made to women 43 years ago. In the 21st century, we cannot deny women access to family planning and other reproductive care. But that is exactly what the GOP and their right-wing allies are trying to do. These shameful attacks are trying to take away the real, legal health care that millions of women depend on. This is a fight that has been picked before. We have won it before, and we will win it again. We will fight this assault on women’s health. We will fight to make sure that women across America can continue to get the services they need—and de-serve. And, we will make sure the promise of Roe v. Wade is protected for the next generation of women.∑ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I rise to mark the anniversary of Roe v. Wade. Forty-three years ago, within the lifetime of most of us here, the Su-preme Court’s decision effectively re-versed draconian State laws prohib-iting abortion and gave women power over their own health care decisions. Before Roe v. Wade, nearly 5,000 American women died every year seek-ing abortion care that was legally not available to them. That number dra-matically dropped after the decision because women were able to get abor-tion care from trained medical profes-sionals legally, out in the open. The Court found that a woman’s right to access abortion care is a fundamental constitutional right. While as with many constitutional rights, not totally unfettered, this decision enabled women to gain control over their own bodies and in turn their futures. If the government interfered in other patient-doctor decisions the way that State and local governments have interfered with women’s reproductive rights, there would be a national up-roar. Why is it different when we talk about a woman’s body as opposed to a man’s? Can you imagine if States passed laws restricting fundamental decisions about a man’s medical care? Why is it that women have to defend deeply personal decisions over our own bodies in court and in legislatures? I recognize that there are deeply held beliefs by good people on both sides of this issue, which is why the right to choose should be left to the individual woman and her doctor. Yet ever since the Roe v. Wade decision, State and Federal lawmakers have attempted to chip away at a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions. Hundreds of laws have been passed by States to place limitations and road-blocks to a woman’s right to choose. Restrictions such as mandatory delays, unduly burdensome regulations, and unscientific 20-week bans are all at-tempts to undermine Roe v. Wade. In Congress we continue to see un-precedented attacks on women’s repro-ductive health—destructive policy rid-ers in spending bills, attacks on pro-viders, and efforts to reduce women’s access to health care services—all in the name of prohibiting abortions. These attempts are not based on facts or science. They do not advance any public policy goals in the interest of women, which is why many of us characterize these efforts as part of a deeply anti-women agenda. Moreover, these restrictions disproportionately impact women of color and low-income women. Apparently, it is not enough to remove funding from reproductive services. The anti-women agenda in-cludes reducing funding from maternal health programs and services for in-fants and children. The lawmakers writing these restric-tions are not the ones who will have to live with their negative consequences. It is the women across the country who will have to live with these con-sequences. Of course, the legal battles continue. For example, the U.S. Supreme Court will be hearing arguments later this year on a Texas law that severely re-stricts the ability of a woman to access safe reproductive health care. My col-league from Washington touched on the problems and challenges that this Texas law imposes. This law, which dis-proportionately impacts low-income women, has already severely affected the ability of women in Texas to get the reproductive care they need. The rhetoric around this case, as well as the rhetoric employed by abortion foes, has become increasingly dangerous, leading to attacks on providers, clinics, and women seeking care. I hope we can all agree to not return to the pre-Roe v. Wade landscape, where women endangered their lives seeking reproductive care and thou-sands died doing so. I urge my col-leagues to join me in ensuring that women can continue to control their own destinies for the next 43 years and beyond. I yield the floor. Mrs. MURRAY. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, to-morrow marks the 43rd anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling in Roe v. Wade recognizing a woman’s con-stitutional right to liberty and per-sonal autonomy in her decision of whether to have an abortion or not. This landmark case not only recognizes those rights, but it is also responsible for saving countless women across the country from the devastating and dead-ly outcomes of back-alley abortions. I want to speak to that because I have some personal knowledge here. I was a young State’s attorney in Vermont before Roe v. Wade, and I will never forget getting a call in the mid-dle of the night from the police and going with them to the emergency room of the local hospital. The young woman who was there had nearly died from an unsafe, illegal abortion be-cause she could not legally receive that care from a doctor. I want to speak of that tragic history today because I feel the current effort in many States to roll back Roe v. Wade by denying women access to doctors could drag women back to those dark and dan-gerous times. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.002 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S149 January 21, 2016 
In the years leading up to the Su-preme Court decision of Roe v. Wade, I was the State’s attorney in Chittenden County, VT. Abortion was illegal in my State of Vermont. Despite the State ban, many women desperately needed and sought this medical care, and some doctors risked their freedom and liveli-hood by providing women with abor-tions at local hospitals. These were safe abortions in medical facilities that saved women’s lives and protected their health. Knowing this, I made it clear to the doctors in my county that I would not prosecute any of them for providing this medical attention to women in a medical facility. I did, however, prosecute to the full extent of the law others who preyed upon wom-en’s fear and desperation by extorting them for unsafe, back-alley abortions. There are 100 Senators in this body. I am the only U.S. Senator who has ever prosecuted somebody in an abortion case. I vividly remember that horrific case. It was the spring of 1968, and I was called to the hospital to see this young woman, as I mentioned. She had nearly died from hemorrhaging caused by the botched abortion. I prosecuted the man who had arranged for the un-safe and illegal abortion that nearly killed her. After that case and after witnessing firsthand the tragic impact that the lack of safe and legal abortion care had on women and families in my State, I talked to the local doctors about chal-lenging Vermont’s abortion law. A year later, a group of women and doctors brought a class action case to overturn the law. The case was styled as a suit against me as a State prosecutor, but this was a test case against the law, and I publicly welcomed the case. Even when the office of the State attorney general told me that it lacked re-sources to devote to any defense in this case, I decided to file briefs of my own, but the case was unable to proceed be-cause none of the plaintiffs were seek-ing abortions at the time. The par-ticular nature of the constitutional claim to abortion, which by its nature is a time-limited claim, made it ex-tremely difficult to bring actionable cases before the courts. But later that same year, we got another chance. The case in which I represented the State and did the briefs was Beecham v. Leahy, and it quickly made its way to the Vermont supreme court. At that time, our State’s high court was com-posed entirely of Republicans, but these conservative justices understood what we had been arguing all along— that a statute whose stated purpose was to protect women’s health, yet de-nied women access to doctors for their medical care, was sheer and dangerous hypocrisy. The court’s opinion rightly questioned: Where is that concern for the health of a pregnant woman when she is denied the advice and assistance of her doctors? The court’s ruling in Beecham v. Leahy, that protecting women’s health for required access to safe and legal abortions, ensured that the women of Vermont would no longer be subjected to the horrors of back- alley abortions. It was a victory for women’s health in Vermont. Even though the attorney general moved for reargument, I told the court as the State’s attorney that I had no objec-tion to the ruling and concurred with it. A year later the U.S. Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade held what is now the law of the land. Women have a con-stitutional right to their autonomy and bodily integrity that protects their decision to have an abortion and to make that decision with their doctors. I recount this history not just to mark another year of women’s rights and safety under both Roe v. Wade and Beecham v. Leahy, but also to connect the history to the attack today on women’s access to safe and legal abor-tions that are threatening to take us back to those times. States looking to roll back women’s rights have returned to penalizing doctors to deter them from providing women with safe health care. What I find most appalling is that States that are passing these laws claiming they somehow protect wom-en’s health. Yet these laws have noth-ing to do with women’s health, and they have everything to do with shut-ting down women’s access to safe and legal abortion. When you deny women access to doctors for medical services, you deny them their constitutional rights. You also deny them their safety and, in some cases, their lives. This is a fact that legislators passing these laws either callously ignore or will-fully choose not to hear. I still remember that case as though it was yesterday. I still remember that young woman, and I still remember the history of the person who was per-forming those illegal abortions. That is why I joined an amicus brief with 37 other Senators and 124 Members of the House in the Whole Women’s Health v. Hellerstedt case currently before the Supreme Court. Our brief urges the Court to overturn a State law that re-quires doctors who provide abortions to meet onerous restrictions that apply to no other medical procedures and are completely unrelated to protecting women’s health. The Texas law at issue would have the effect of shuttering 75 percent of all women’s health clinics that provide abortion services in the State if the full law were implemented, as well as possibly shuttering all the other serv-ices they provide. Already, parts of the law in effect have had a devastating impact on women’s health. As a Uni-versity of Texas study of women showed, after the law went into effect, an estimated 100,000 to 240,000 women have tried to end their pregnancies on their own without seeking medical at-tention. The study found that women, with nowhere to turn, resorted to herbs, illicit drugs, and even self-harm. That this law was passed under the pretense of women’s health is a trav-esty, and it should be struck down. The Supreme Court Justices cannot ignore the impact upholding this State law will have on hundreds of thousands of women in Texas and across the Nation. When I see these efforts to prevent women’s access to safe and legal med-ical services, I think about all the young women in Vermont who have grown up knowing only that the U.S. Constitution and the Vermont Con-stitution protects their liberty and also recognizes that they are capable of deciding for themselves matters that control their lives and their destiny. I hope they and the generations after them never experience otherwise from the Supreme Court. I will speak further on this subject another time, but when I think about what that young woman in Vermont turned to, I am glad our case to uphold our Constitution’s right to privacy, Beecham v. Leahy, is on the books. I applaud the very conservative, very Republican Supreme Court Justices who wrote it in a nearly unanimous opinion. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ZIPPY DUVALL Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, we are celebrating a first in Georgia his-tory today. Last week our State’s Farm Bureau president, Zippy Duvall, was elected by the American Farm Bu-reau Federation to serve as its 12th president. I join my fellow Georgians in congratulating Zippy on this honor and look forward to working with him in this new role. Zippy, as he is affectionately known—and that is his real name— first became a member of the Farm Bu-reau in 1977. He is a third-generation dairy farmer and currently maintains a beef cow herd and poultry production operation. To the Duvalls, farming is a business, a lifestyle, and a proud fam-ily tradition. As a dairyman, Zippy is accustomed to hard work, and he will be a tireless champion for the agricul-tural industry. He understands the im-portance of a safe and abundant food supply for consumers across the Nation and globe. Zippy traveled over 55,000 miles and visited 29 States to meet with Ameri-cans and discuss his vision for the fu-ture of American agriculture. He heard from farmers and ranchers across our country—just as we have in the Sen-ate—that something has to be done to defend citizens against a runaway gov-ernment. From taking action against the EPA’s power grab of our Nation’s water, to promoting a climate of abun-dant trade and supporting a safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.020 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES150 January 21, 2016 
net—not a guarantee on farm prices— to pursuing policies that enhance the availability and affordability of all en-ergy resources, I am glad to know Zippy Duvall will be leading in these and many other areas. Agriculture is a strategic industry not only for Georgia but also for our Nation. I join our country’s farmers and ranchers in the pursuit of a strong, safe, and abundant industry. Our kids and our grandkids depend on this. I am very confident that with leaders like Zippy, we can actually do this. Congratulations to Zippy, his wife Bonnie, and the entire Duvall family as they begin this exciting chapter to-gether. This election is a great victory not only for Georgia but also for all of agriculture. I look forward to working with Zippy and the members of the American Farm Bureau Federation to promote a strong, safe, and abundant future for our agricultural industry in the United States. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
BIPARTISAN SPORTSMEN’S ACT Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I rise to thank and congratulate my En-vironmental and Public Works Com-mittee colleagues on the Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act. This legislation will now join the Senate Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee’s sports-men’s package that was approved last fall. I hope this legislation can now swiftly advance to the Senate floor for consideration and approval. As a member of the EPW Committee and vice chair of the Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus, I am grateful for the opportunity to work with my col-leagues on legislation to promote our country’s hunting, fishing, and con-servation heritage. The Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act includes a broad array of bipartisan measures that enhance opportunities for hunters, anglers, and outdoor recreation enthusiasts by pre-serving our Nation’s rich outdoor her-itage. This bill also expands and enhances hunting and fishing opportunities on Federal lands by establishing a more open policy for recreational activities to gain access on public lands. The bill also provides States with more flexi-bility to build and maintain public shooting ranges, allowing greater op-portunities for more Americans to en-gage in recreational and competitive shooting activities. It prevents groups from restricting ammunition choices, which would un-necessarily drive up costs, hurt partici-pation in shooting sports, and con-sequently decrease important con-servation funding. I am especially en-couraged by the fact that this bill in-cludes a bipartisan amendment which is identical to the Sensible Environ-mental Protection Act that I promoted with Senators CARPER and C RAPO . It targets the duplicative permitting of pesticides under FIFRA and the Clean Water Act. This duplicative process has created unnecessary burdens on resources for pesticide users such as private home-owners, businesses, golf courses, local water, and natural resource authori-ties, and of course the sportsmen’s community. All across the country sportsmen and outdoor enthusiasts utilize pesticides for critical habitat management by suppressing harmful pests and vector- borne diseases, which threaten outdoor activities of all kinds. Eliminating harmful and invasive pests is crucial to vegetation and ecosystem manage-ment. This legislation clarifies that the NPDES permits should not be required for the application of pesticides that are already approved by the EPA au-thorized for sale, distribution or use under FIFRA. These products benefit outdoor recreation enthusiasts by pro-tecting and maintaining natural habi-tats. Another priority that I championed increases transparency for the Judg-ment Fund. This provision will help our efforts to track taxpayer-funded litigation that impacts public lands policies. As my colleagues may know, the Judgment Fund is administered by the Treasury Department and is used to pay certain court judgments and settlements against the Federal Gov-ernment. Essentially, this fund is an unlimited amount of taxpayer dollars which is set aside for Federal Govern-ment liability. The Judgment Fund is not subject to the annual appropriations process, and even more remarkably, the Treasury Department has no reporting require-ments so these funds are paid out with very little oversight or scrutiny. This is no small matter, as the Judgment Fund disburses billions of dollars in payments every year. Since the Treas-ury Department is not bound by report-ing requirements, few public details exist about where the funds are going and why. The Public Lands Council has de-nounced the lack of oversight of the Judgment Fund, stating that ‘‘certain groups continuously sue the Federal Government and Treasury simply writes a check to foot the bill without providing Members of Congress and American taxpayers basic information about the payment.’’ This kind of liti-gation can have a major impact on sportsmen and others who enjoy mul-tiple uses of Federal lands. A GAO re-port regarding cases filed against the EPA showed a disturbing pattern where groups and big law firms are suing under the same statutes to push a political agenda through the courts. The legislation I introduced with Sen-ator GARDNER , known as the Judgment Fund Transparency Act, has been in-cluded as a provision in ENR’s Sportmen’s Act. It will bring these cases to light. Simply put, more trans-parency leads to greater account-ability. Members of Congress have worked hard on the Bipartisan Sportmen’s Act for the last 6 years. It is time for the Senate to take action. We have the op-portunity to provide the sportsmen’s community with the certainty that they need to allow important conserva-tion work to thrive without fear of de-structive Federal redtape. I am proud to be the vice chair of the Sportsmen’s Caucus, and I look for-ward to continuing our work to ad-vance these important legislative measures. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator withhold her suggestion? Mrs. FISCHER. I will. I see Senator B
LUMENTHAL on the floor. I thank the Chair. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I thank my colleague from Ne-braska, and I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
f 
43RD ANNIVERSARY OF ROE V. WADE DECISION Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I come to the floor on two issues of great importance to our Nation, both involving the rights and opportu-nities of individuals to live in the greatest, strongest Nation in the his-tory of the world, with the tremendous opportunity to fulfill their dreams and their rights—rights to enhance them-selves and rights of privacy. Tomorrow we will celebrate the 43rd anniversary of the Supreme Court deci-sion Roe v. Wade. As I recall well from my days as a law clerk to Justice Blackmun in the term following Roe v. Wade, that was a bitterly controversial decision, but it was one that we thought at the time would assure every woman of her constitutional right to make her own decision about whether and when to have a child, based on the fundamental right of privacy that deci-sion enshrined and expressed and pro-tected. Unfortunately, those great hopes have been dashed. Over the last four decades, this constitutional right to re-productive care has been under attack throughout this country. Rather than advancing the health and well-being of women, legislators in a lot of States, and even in the Federal Government, have put themselves squarely between women and their health care providers, denying that fundamental right of choice that Roe v. Wade guaranteed. That practical reality means that Roe v. Wade has been far less effective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.022 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S151 January 21, 2016 
than it could and should have been, be-cause those opponents have advocated and implemented dangerous laws that undermine and violate a woman’s right to privacy and diminish her access to constitutionally guaranteed reproduc-tive health care services. These restric-tions fall disproportionately on minori-ties and many who live in rural or medically underserved areas. I have great respect for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but we are jeop-ardizing the health care necessary for millions and millions of women and their right to privacy in this great country. I have introduced a measure that would help prevent these violations of rights at the State level. The Women’s Health Protection Act would invalidate not only extreme laws such as the Texas law that is now before the U.S. Supreme Court but dozens of other re-strictive legislative steps that States have implemented and introduced to block women from accessing safe and legal health care. I am happy to celebrate this anniver-sary of Roe v. Wade, but I think it is a moment to rededicate ourselves to the continuing task, more urgent and dif-ficult than ever, to enable every woman to have the right of privacy, the right to make decisions about her own body, about whether and when to have children, and that fundamental right can help make abortion safe, legal, and rare. 
f 
DEBT-FREE COLLEGE Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I wish to speak now about what should be a right for young people and all people in this country, which is the goal of debt-free college. Over the last months, I have held roundtables around the State of Con-necticut—all around our State—with young people at the college as well as high school level who are in danger of losing the American dream—their dreams, their choices about where they want to go to school, because college for them has become unaffordable. For many who have already been to school, the debt is crushing—in fact, finan-cially crippling. It is approaching $1.3 trillion, which affects not only those students who have graduated and who may be seeking to go to college but also our entire economy. Someone graduating from college with $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 or $100,000 of debt and then from graduate school or law school or business school with that same kind of financial burden can’t save for retirement, can’t start a fam-ily, can’t buy a home, can’t begin a business that may employ people. College affordability is essential to creating jobs and advancing and fuel-ing economic growth. It is an engine of economic growth. It enhances the tal-ents and the gifts that young people bring to the economy. It provides the skills that are needed now on the as-sembly line and in business. I encoun-ter businesses across Connecticut—and I am sure it is true across the coun-try—that tell me: We have jobs, we can’t fill them, and we can’t find young people with the right skills. That is why our community colleges play such an important role in our educational system. The agenda that we have announced today as a caucus will meet this need in a number of important ways. It will make 2 years of community college tuition-free. It will enable students to refinance their debt when interest rates are lower, as they can now with a loan for a car or a loan for a home, but not for a Federal loan. It will assure that people are enabled a more afford-able education by holding colleges ac-countable and make them responsible for the levels of debt their students incur, because they should be held ac-countable when those debts default. It will take those measures and oth-ers that are part of a comprehensive agenda that will advance the afford-ability of college and make debt less burdensome, but it will also expand the availability of Pell grants and take other measures that will make debt less necessary, because the goal should be debt-free college. Our ultimate aspiration is debt-free college. We are beginning with commu-nity colleges that are tuition free, but the ultimate goal ought to be debt-free college. That will require expanding Pell grants and other scholarship aids and financial assistance programs that now are available but simply unaccept-ably in too small amounts. I have two measures that I have of-fered on my own to be taken as part of this total program although they are not part of the act. One would recog-nize students for the public service they perform. If they become fire-fighters or police officers or work at the YMCA or in local government, their community service ought to be recognized by reducing the debt they owe, not just at the end of 10 years as happens now but year by year, pro rata; not just if they stay in the same job but if they move from one job to another or even have to move homes, go across State lines, expanding the availability of public service recogni-tion and credit to reduce college debt. It is much in the spirit of the GI Bill. I hope we will move forward to expand the availability of debt recognition and reduction for public service. I also hope that when our needier students receive assistance for room and board when they go to college, they will not be taxed on that assist-ance. That happens now. Why should they be taxed on the room and board they need and that assistance to go to college? That is wrong. And scandal-ously and outrageously, it is wrong that the U.S. Government makes money off the backs of our students. We should be investing in one of the greatest assets in a democracy—people who want to raise their skills and tal-ents and education so they can better serve not just in the public sector but in the business world, so they can help create jobs themselves and become the entrepreneurs and the job creators. They can’t do it if they are burdened with tens of thousands—some hundreds of thousands—in debt. The present lev-els of debt are a disservice to our Na-tion. They inhibit freedom, they under-cut opportunity, and they destroy dreams. Some of the most moving moments of my roundtables with young people are to hear them describe how they could not attend their dream school. They called their first choice their dream school and the reason it was their dream school is because they could pursue engineering or nursing or marketing or other kinds of vitally im-portant skills at that place in the best way possible. That was their dream school not because the weather was good or because their friends were there but because the skill levels and the education offered was exactly the right fit for their aspirations. Some cried as they described the unbridgeable gap between what they could afford and what the school charged. With what they could afford— even with financial aid, even with help from their families, and even with debt—they still faced an unbridgeable gap. And those dreams dashed, de-ferred, destroyed for those students are a national tragedy. For them, it will shape their futures, although I have great confidence that their drive and perseverance will enable them to achieve great things. But for our Na-tion, it means a deferring and dimin-ishing of our economy and our national quality of life. We are the strongest, greatest Nation in the history of the world because we provide more opportunity and more freedom than any other country. We are stronger because of our diversity and because we create and we reward the dreamers who have the strength and the ability to set high standards, to aspire to be the best, and to want an education that enables them to achieve those goals. The current levels of college debt are inconsistent with who we are as a Na-tion. That is why I am proud today to join my colleagues on this side of the aisle and to say to our friends across the way: Join us. Let’s make it bipar-tisan. If you have a plan, if you have ideas, if you think there are other ways to accomplish things, let’s work to-gether, because those students, their families, our Nation, the businesses that are creating jobs and want these young people to fill them so we can drive the economy forward all depend on us working together, reaching across the aisle and making sure that we enable every person, every student who wants to go to college to fulfill that dream without the financially crushing burden of current levels of debt. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.024 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES152 January 21, 2016 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM Ms. WARREN. Madam President, we have a problem—money. Six years ago today, the U.S. Supreme Court made the problem worse, a lot worse. Thanks to the Supreme Court, our system of elections is riddled with corruption. Money floods our political system— money that lets a handful of billion-aires shape who gets into Congress and may decide who sits in the White House. As Congress has become more be-holden to billionaires and less worried about the American people, look at what has happened in Washington. Ar-mies of lawyers and lobbyists flood the hallways of Congress and regulatory agencies, urging just a little tilt for every law and every rule—a sentence here, an exception there, and always tilted in favor of the rich and powerful. Corporate executives and government officials spin through the revolving door, making sure the interests of pow-erful corporations are always carefully protected. Powerful Wall Street busi-nesses pay barely disguised bribes, of-fering millions of dollars to trusted employees to go to Washington for a few years to make policies that will benefit exactly those same Wall Street businesses. Corporations and trade groups fund study after study that just so happen to support the special rule or the exception that the industry is look-ing for. Washington works great for a hand-ful of wealthy individuals and powerful corporations that manipulate the sys-tem to benefit themselves. It works great for the lobbyists and the lawyers who slither around Washington day in and day out, handsomely paid to troll for special deals for those who pay them. But for everyone else, Wash-ington is not working so well, and if we don’t change that, this rigged political game will break our country. Change is needed in many areas, but we can start with how we fund elec-tions. In 2012, about 3.7 million Ameri-cans gave modest donations—under $200—to President Obama and Mitt Romney. Those donations added up to $313 million. In the same election, 32 people gave monster donations to super PACs. Thirty-two people spent slightly more on the 2012 elections than the 3.7 million people who sent modest dollar donations to their preferred Presi-dential candidates. When 32 people can outspend 3.7 million citizens, it is pret-ty obvious that democracy is in real danger. We are headed into another Presi-dential election, and I speak out today because I am genuinely alarmed for our democracy. I am genuinely alarmed be-cause 6 years ago today the U.S. Su-preme Court said that the privileged few are entitled under the Constitution to spend billions of dollars to swing elections and buy off legislators. Six years ago today the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a century of estab-lished law and in doing so unleashed a flood of secret corporate money into our political system. The Supreme Court created a big problem, but that does not mean that anyone with any integrity must just roll over and play dead. No, it is time to fight back. Sure, the Supreme Court has a lot of power, and, yes, they have used it to do a huge amount of damage. But even under the Supreme Court rul-ing there is room to fight back against the complete capture of our govern-ment by the rich and powerful. Let’s start right here with three ex-amples of what this Congress could do right now today—what this Congress could do if we had the political courage to stand up to the superwealthy few and a handful of corporations. No. 1, pass Senator D
URBIN ’s Fair Elections Now Act. This legislation would create public funding for con-gressional elections. Imagine the con-tributions of small donors so working families would have a louder voice and could begin to compete with the rich and powerful. This is a bipartisan solu-tion—well, at least bipartisan outside Washington. According to a recent poll, Democrats and Republicans both agreed strongly with the idea of cit-izen-funded elections; 72 percent of Democrats and 62 percent of Repub-licans said yes. No. 2, pass the DISCLOSE Act, Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE ’s bill to force super PACs out of the shadows and make them tell where the money comes from. According to that same poll, 91 percent of Democrats and 91 percent of Republicans agree that super PACs and other special interests should have to disclose the source of their funding. No. 3, pass the Shareholder Protec-tion Act, Senator M
ENENDEZ ’s bill to force companies to tell their share-holders how much money they are giv-ing to politicians and which politicians they are giving it to. This is the share-holders’ money, and they have a right to know how it is spent. If they don’t like how the money is being spent, they can put somebody else in charge. Those are three things Congress could do right now, but there is even more. No. 4, the President could finalize an Executive order requiring government contractors to disclose their political spending. Why should companies that do business with the government be al-lowed to give money in secret to ben-efit elected officials? Seventy-eight percent of Democrats and 66 percent of Republicans want to see this done. No. 5, the SEC has the authority right now to begin to put together rules that would require opinion cor-porations to disclose the money they spent in elections. Despite Republican efforts to try to block this rule through a rider in the recent govern-ment funding bill, legal experts agree that the agency still has all the au-thority it needs to prepare a disclosure rule. The public demands action. The SEC has received more than a million com-ments from the people across this country urging the agency to issue this rule—88 percent of Democrats and 88 percent of Republicans. That is right, 88 percent of both sides support public disclosure of political spending. Three former SEC Commissioners, one Republican, two Democrats, wrote a public letter to Chair Mary Jo White urging her to adopt this rule. It is time for the agency to stop making excuses and start doing its job. No. 6, the FEC has the authority right now to require ads run by super PACs include disclosure of the main people or corporations that paid for them. If they want to run the country, then the billionaires shouldn’t be al-lowed to hide in the shadows. Make them step out in the open where the American people can see who is calling the shots. There is one more step we can take, a full-blown constitutional amend-ment, such as the one pushed forward by my colleague Senator UDALL to re-store authority to Congress and to the States. I have to say, I am reluctant to take on a constitutional amendment, but we need to defend our great democracy against those who would see it per-verted into one more rigged game where the rich and the powerful always win, and that means taking every step possible, including amending the Con-stitution. These are six ideas that would help bring an end to a corrupt political sys-tem; six ideas that Congress, the ad-ministration, the SEC, and the FCC could put together right now. A seventh idea is a constitutional amendment that we could begin work-ing on today. This Congress doesn’t lack for workable ideas for how to root out the influence of money in politics. This Congress just lacks a spine to do it. Six years ago the U.S. Supreme Court turned loose a flood of hidden money that is about to drown our de-mocracy. We can blame the Supreme Court—heck, we should blame the Su-preme Court, but that is no excuse for doing nothing. A new Presidential election is upon us. The first votes will be cast in Iowa in just 11 days. Anyone who shrugs and claims that change is just too hard has crawled into bed with the billionaires who want to run this country like some private club. All of us were sent here to do our best to make government work—to make it work not just for those at the top but to make govern-ment work for all people, and it is time we start acting like it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.025 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S153 January 21, 2016 
Madam President, I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
VETERANS’ ADMINISTRATION MODERNIZATION AND HEALTH INSURANCE CO-OPS Mr. BROWN. Madam President, ear-lier today I attended two hearings. One was held by the Senate Finance Com-mittee on Consumer Operated and Ori-ented Plans, or CO-OPs, created by the Affordable Care Act. The other was held by the Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, where Secretary McDon-ald, a son of Ohio, detailed his plan to modernize the Veterans’ Administra-tion. Both of these hearings are a strong reminder of the importance of govern-ment in supporting public health and access to health care and services. We know the Veterans’ Administration, with all its problems today, has pro-vided extraordinary health care for millions of veterans all across our country for decades. It doesn’t mean we sit back and don’t make very im-portant improvements that are nec-essary at the VA. When we learned that shocking wait times at the VA were delaying veterans from getting the care they have earned, we took action and passed a new law to invest in better care and provide more health care choices to veterans, but we can’t simply act in times of crisis and then turn our backs on those who served in our Nation’s military. It is our responsibility to make sure VA facilities in Ohio, Con-necticut, the Presiding Officer’s State of Iowa, and all over—it is important that these facilities across the country have what they need to provide state- of-the-art medical care for our vet-erans. I have been struck by my time on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee—I am the only Ohio Senator to ever sit on that committee for a full term. I am struck by how there are a whole lot of Mem-bers of Congress who are always happy to appropriate billions of dollars to send our men and women to war, but then when it comes time to take care of them when they come home, these same Members of Congress are not nearly as generous as let’s say they were in sending them off to combat. That needs to change. The same is true for health insurance CO-OPs or CO-OPs that face challenges. Twelve of these programs have failed. We can’t sit back and let the remaining 11 CO-OPs meet the same fate. That is why I will continue to work with my colleagues to make sure CMS under-stands the importance and that they have the support and solvency they need to succeed. When it comes to providing quality health care, the Ohio CO-OP is a suc-cess story worth telling. InHealth Mu-tual in Ohio covers approximately 25,000 people, 25,000 lives. It has en-rolled individuals in each of Ohio’s 88 counties. InHealth is doing some won-derful work, and it has taken it upon itself to be a major player in the com-munity and in enhancing public health in Ohio. One issue InHealth has chosen to highlight is health equity. InHealth is working to eliminate health disparities and is focusing on reducing barriers to care through its InHealth Cares Pro-gram. To that end, InHealth started a faith- based initiative called Project REACH to address health disparities. Three years ago at a Martin Luther King celebration, a Martin Luther King breakfast in Cleveland, a minister told us something we perhaps already knew, but he said it so poignantly. He said: Your life expectancy is connected to your ZIP Code. Think about that. If you are born in Appalachia in South-east Ohio or if you are born in East Cleveland versus if you are born in the more affluent suburbs of Shaker Heights or Bexley or Upper Arlington, your life expectancy can literally be a difference of 20 years. Imagine there are places in Cuyahoga County—one only 8 or 9 miles apart from the other— where a baby born has a life expect-ancy of literally 24 years less than a baby born in the more affluent suburb. But one of the things these CO-OPs can do is—by involving trusted mem-bers of the faith community and focus-ing on issues such as infant mortality, asthma, and diabetes, InHealth is suc-cessfully utilizing key community players to strategically improve access to care in minority communities across Ohio, but despite InHealth’s current success, they continue to experience significant challenges. Earlier today, the Acting Adminis-trator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services testified in front of our committee about the challenges facing CO-OPs. At the hearing, many of my colleagues expressed significant concerns about the closure of the 12 CO-OPs that have pulled out of the market as well as the viability of the others that remain. I share those con-cerns, and I urge the Acting Adminis-trator of CMS, Andy Slavitt, to work with Congress and the remaining CO- OPs, such as InHealth, to ensure their future viability. I commend him on his performance at this morning’s hearing. I hope the committee will take the ap-propriate steps to confirm him so he is no longer an Acting Administrator but has the real job. Congress and CMS must work to-gether to find creative ways to ensure these CO-OPs that are negatively af-fected by the lower than expected risk corridor payments can find alternative ways to ensure financial stability. We should work together to improve the current risk adjustment calcula-tion, which is currently designed to favor the larger, more established health insurance carriers over new and significantly smaller health insurance plans, such as the CO-OPS, and im-prove provider cost transparency in the market. They must work together to support the alternative ways for CO-OP small businesses like InHealth to raise capital. CO-OPs like InHealth in Ohio are putting customer service before profits in making a positive difference in pa-tients’ health and their pocketbooks. CO-OPs boost competition, they drive down prices for customers, and because they are locally run and operated by their own members, CO-OPs are in-vested in providing the best possible care for the communities they serve. CO-OPs like InHealth are working. We need to make sure they have the sup-port they need to continue providing quality, affordable local insurance to thousands of people in my State of Ohio and across the country. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Finance Committee, on the floor, and with CMS on these important issues so the existing CO- OPs—like InHealth—can continue to pursue innovative approaches to afford-able comprehensive health insurance. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, let me thank my friend from Ohio for his very constructive remarks on the suc-cess of CO-OPs. We have a CO-OP in Connecticut that has been providing very good quality care at very reason-able rates. It is part of what helps make our marketplace function, and I will look forward to working with him as we try to sustain the success of CO- OPs across the country moving forward as an element of the Affordable Care Act which, as I have said many times on this floor, is working. 
f 
AUTHORIZATION FOR MILITARY FORCE Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, today I have come to the floor to speak very briefly about a resolution that the majority leader introduced, I believe, yesterday. This is an authorization for military force that apparently purports to give the President legal authority to conduct military operations against ISIS. Before we break for the weekend, I thought it was important to come to the floor to explain very briefly to my colleagues what this resolution really is. This resolution is a total rewrite of the war powers clause of the U.S. Con-stitution. Let’s be clear about that. It is essentially a declaration of inter-national martial law, a sweeping trans-fer of military power to the President that will allow him or her to send U.S. troops almost anywhere in the world for almost any reason with absolutely no limitations. Article I, section 8, clause 11 of the Constitution vests in Congress the re-sponsibility to declare war. Many of us on both sides of the aisle have been ar-guing for over a year that the Presi-dent—right now—has exceeded his con-stitutional authority in continuing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.027 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES154 January 21, 2016 
military operations against ISIS with-out specific authorization from Con-gress. I have been amongst those who have been calling on this body to de-bate authorization of military force. So in that sense I am pleased the intro-duction of this resolution may allow us to have a debate on the Senate floor about the right way to authorize war against our sworn enemy, ISIS, a ter-rorist organization that deserves to be degraded, defeated, and wiped off the map of this Earth. While the ink is still wet on this res-olution—so I will not endeavor to go into any detailed analysis of it—it is safe to say that this resolution is the wrong way to authorize war against ISIS. The language of this resolution is dangerous and it is unprecedented. The American people want Congress to authorize war against ISIS, but they also want us to make sure we don’t send hundreds of thousands of U.S. sol-diers back into the Middle East to fight a war that has to be won first and fore-most with regional partners, and they certainly don’t want Congress to hand over the power to the President to send our troops into any country, anywhere in the world, for almost any reason. That is what this resolution would do. It doesn’t give the power to the President to deploy U.S. troops in Iraq and Syria. It gives the power to the President—without consulting Con-gress—to deploy U.S. forces in any one of the 60-plus countries where ISIS has a single sympathizer. Even worse, the language doesn’t even require ISIS to be present in a country for the Presi-dent to invade. All that is necessary for the President to be able to argue— with a straight face—is that the threat of ISIS was present. As we have seen in the United States, the threat of ISIS is present in vir-tually every corner in the world. Thus, this resolution would give the Presi-dent total absolute carte blanche to send our young soldiers to any corner of the world without consulting Con-gress. Now, we wouldn’t have to worry about a President abusing this author-ity granted to him if an example of this abuse wasn’t in our immediate rear-view mirror. This Congress gave Presi-dent Bush sweeping authority in two resolutions to fight terrorism in the wake of September 11, and he manipu-lated and abused that authority to send millions of American troops into Iraq to fight a war under concocted, false pretenses. He got an open-ended authorization from Congress, and he ran with it. Now, what did we get for this colossal misrepresentation? Over 4,000 Americans dead, scores more than that crippled, and a region in chaos, in large part because of our disastrous in-vasion and occupation. On the campaign trail today, several of the candidates for President talked with such irresponsible bravado about throwing around America’s military might. The likely Republican nominee, as we sit here today, shows a blissful ignorance about U.S. military law and basic foreign policy that is truly frightening. So given recent history and given the current rhetoric on the Presidential campaign trail today, why would we give the President such open-ended, sweeping authority ever again? And why would we even contemplate a reso-lution like this one that makes the 9/11 and Iraq war resolutions seem like ex-ercises in thoughtful restraint? Why would we make the mistake of the Iraq war resolution again, especially when there is an alternative? I know that we will likely have time to debate the question of how to prop-erly authorize war against ISIS later. But in December of 2014, the Foreign Relations Committee did vote out an AUMF that gave the President all the power he needed to fight ISIS, while making sure that he had to come back to Congress if he wanted to dramati-cally expand the current conflict to other countries or to put hundreds of thousands of American troops into a new war in the Middle East. It is the only AUMF that has received a favor-able vote by the Senate, and it is a template for how we can authorize a war that isn’t totally and completely open-ended. Several have argued for us to take up a debate on the AUMF because we be-lieve that over the last 15 years, over the course of the War on Terror, Con-gress has basically abdicated its re-sponsibility to be the voice of the peo-ple on the conduct of foreign policy. Many of us think that a smart AUMF would get Congress back in the game when it comes to our constitutional re-sponsibility to decide when and where our brave troops are sent into battle. But this resolution, as currently writ-ten, would do exactly the opposite. It would permanently hand over war- making power to the President, and Congress would never get it back. It would allow this President and the next President to send our troops al-most anywhere in the world for vir-tually any justifiable reason, with no ability for the people’s branch of the Federal Government—this Congress— to step in and to have our say. I do look forward to this debate if it does come to the floor. I think it is an immensely important debate. Frankly, I will be glad to have it. The American public wants us to declare war on ISIS, but they want us to do it in a way that doesn’t repeat the deadly, costly mis-takes of the past. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). The majority whip. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH AND SAFE COMMUNITIES ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about the 800-pound gorilla in the room that peo-ple don’t want to talk about, and that is our broken mental health treatment system in this country. Years ago, we made the mistake of institutionalizing people with mental illness, and then we made the mistake of deinstitutionalizing people with mental illness, with nowhere to go and no access to treatment. But I have in-troduced legislation that I hope will help begin this conversation anew, one that we will have a hearing on next week in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. The legislation is called, simply, the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act. It has two overarching goals. First, it will help those suffering from mental illness and their families to find a way forward and to get the sup-port that they need. Second, it will equip law enforcement, teachers, judges, and people with the knowledge and skill sets to spot the early signs of mental illness and give them the means by which to respond effectively. Sadly, we know that mental illness is a common thread through many sense-less acts of violence that we have wit-nessed across the country. But this problem is more than about just that. I know some of our colleagues say they don’t want to talk about how to im-prove access to mental health treat-ment if it is going to involve any dis-cussion of guns, but I don’t think we can talk about this topic without talk-ing about these incidents of mass vio-lence. But I want to make sure I am very clear and to say it is much more than just that. It is time for Congress to respond with proven solutions that actually work. The President, as is his habit, has offered controversial proposals that actually violate the Constitution and threaten our rights without solv-ing the problem. To me that is one of the reasons why people get so frus-trated with Washington, when people stand up and say that here is some-thing we ought to do, when it really is symbolic in nature and it doesn’t actu-ally solve the problem they claim to be addressing. And that is true of the President’s Executive actions on guns. Indeed, the AP’s headline, when the President made this announcement, read: ‘‘Obama measures wouldn’t have kept guns from mass shooters.’’ In other words, the Associated Press makes the point that none of this would have solved the actual problem. But the legislation I have introduced has a good chance to begin the effort to do that. So since the President won’t act re-sponsibly and work with Congress, Congress must act by itself—first, to build consensus and offer solutions, and not just engage in symbolic ges-tures and more political talking points. It is time we focus our efforts on, first and foremost, providing support to the mentally ill and their families to make sure, first of all, that they are less likely to be a danger to themselves, and, secondly, that they won’t be a danger to the communities in which they live. Next Tuesday, we will have that hearing I mentioned at the outset in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.029 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S155 January 21, 2016 
the Senate Judiciary Committee, and we will look at some of the successful models that have proven to be success-ful in places such as Bexar County, San Antonio, TX. Like many of our colleagues, I have had the occasion to visit the sheriffs, police chiefs, and the jails in our major metropolitan areas. Virtually all of them have told me that our jails have become warehouses for people with mental illness. When they get out, un-less their underlying symptoms are treated and unless they are on an en-forceable treatment plan, compliant with their medication, and following the doctor’s orders, they are going to end up right back where they were. In the absence of effective treatment of their mental illness, we know many people with mental illness will self- medicate with drugs or alcohol, compounding their problems and be-coming what a young man in Houston called a ‘‘frequent flyer,’’ when refer-ring to himself. In other words, he would keep coming back again and again and again and again. But there are some successful models we can look at, and the results are really impressive. Through the reform measures instituted in places such as Bexar County, overcrowded jails have been reduced in size, taxpayer dollars have been saved, and many lives have been changed for the better. The secret is these jurisdictions have realized that we have to focus on treating the men-tally ill, not just warehousing them in our prisons and jails. Criminologists and mental health experts will tell you that locking up a mentally ill person without treatment will make them even more dangerous to themselves and increase the risk to the community. Experts will also agree that if we identify those with mental illness and divert them to treatment, many of them can be restored to mental health, saving lives, increasing public safety, and reducing costs to taxpayers. There is a great book called ‘‘Crazy,’’ written by a gentleman by the name of Pete Earley. Pete is a journalist. Un-fortunately, he and his wife had a son that exhibited mental illness symp-toms. It was as a result of their dealing with his illness and trying to help him get back onto a productive path in life that they encountered the broken men-tal health system that I have described a little bit about. The good news is Pete’s son is doing well. But it is be-cause he is taking his medications, and he recognizes that when he goes off of his medications he gets into trouble. Pete will be testifying at our hearing next week, and I think he will bring home in a very real way how mental illness affects so many lives around the country, and what we can do to actu-ally equip those families with addi-tional tools to help them help their loved ones. The truth is, this all takes coopera-tion. Indeed, in the criminal justice context, it takes collaboration between Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment. It also takes judges, doctors, and families. But the good news is there are some models for success. We need to make this a priority because so many of the people we encounter today on our streets—the homeless—are people who are suffering from mental illness of some form or another that could be helped. So many people who are jailed for minor criminal offenses are people with mental illness that could be helped. I think it behooves all of us to do what we can to learn from what ac-tually has proven to work in some of our cities around the country, and to try to implement this on a national level. In addition to Mr. Earley, we are going to be hearing from Sheriff Susan Pamerleau, who has been a champion of mental health reform in the San An-tonio area. But even as the committee begins to consider long overdue mental health legislation, I have to confess that I have been disappointed at some of the responses by some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, because they say: We don’t want to talk about the whole problem; we just want to talk about the part of the problem that we want to talk about. So if this involves anything related to Second Amend-ment rights or guns, then they don’t want to have that conversation. But you can’t circumscribe the debate or the discussion by carving that out. That has to be a part of it. It will be a part of it, whether we like it or not. Some of these colleagues on the other side of the aisle have cited a pro-vision of my bill that would actually strengthen and clarify the definitions regarding the uploading of mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. Why would anybody disagree with making sure that adjudication of men-tal illness be uploaded to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System? That is what happened with the Virginia Tech shooter, for example. He had been adjudicated mentally ill by Virginia authorities, but because the State didn’t provide that informa-tion to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System operated by the FBI, he was able to buy a firearm without being disqualified, which he should have been, based on that adju-dication. My bill also reauthorizes and strengthens the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. This is something our colleagues across the aisle—and, indeed, all of us—have said we support—a background check system. It would work to clarify the scope of the mental health records that are required to be uploaded so that there is no longer mass confusion among State and local law enforce-ment as to what is required by Federal law. And, because we can’t mandate that States do this, we need to provide incentives for them to encourage them to share these records, because these are a national resource. To me, this just makes common sense. Why wouldn’t we want States to comply with current laws to keep the mental health background check records up-dated? I don’t understand the con-troversy about that. I would like to make clear that if there are Members on the other side of the aisle willing to work with me on this legislation and willing to work with the chairman of the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, Senator A
LEXANDER , and the ranking member, Senator M
URRAY , and with T
IMMURPHY in the House—who has an important piece of legislation that is much more comprehensive in nature but certainly deals with this issue as well—and along with Dr. B
ILL C
ASSIDY here in the Senate, there are many of us on a bicameral basis and on a bipartisan basis who have said we want to do something about this crisis in our country, and that is the mental health crisis. What we ought to do is roll up our sleeves, sit down at the table, and begin to work through this. I know at least five Democrats are cosponsoring legislation identical to mine in the House of Representatives, so it is up to us to start working to find consensus in the Senate. This is one of those issues where Re-publicans have said they would like to see something get done, where the Democrats say they would like to get something done, and presumably the White House would too. How do you ex-plain our not doing what we can do? Even if we can’t do everything some of us would like to do, why don’t we do what we can do? I hope we can work together to deal with these reforms and to help make our communities safer. It is up to us to put our heads down and work dili-gently for the American people and come up with solutions for struggling families—families struggling with a loved one with mental illness and who don’t know where to turn. I look for-ward to hearing more about some of the proposed solutions next week dur-ing this hearing of the Senate Judici-ary Committee and working with all of our colleagues to try to come up with the best answers we can. 
f 
SIXTH ANNIVERSARY OF SU-PREME COURT’S CITIZENS UNITED DECISION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today marks the 6-year anniversary of the Supreme Court’s decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commis-sion. In this far-reaching opinion, on a divided 5–4 vote, the Court struck down years of precedent and held that the First Amendment permitted corpora-tions to spend freely from their treas-uries to influence elections. As a result of Citizens United and the series of decisions that followed in its wake, special interests and wealthy, well-connected campaign donors have so far poured more than $2 billion into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.031 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES156 January 21, 2016 
recent Federal elections, including 2016 races. About half of the total outside spending since Citizens United went to-ward the 2012 Presidential election. More than 93 percent of all Super PAC donations in 2012 came in contributions of at least $10,000 from only 3,318 do-nors, who make up 0.0011 percent of the U.S. population. Of that group, an elite class of 159 people each contributed at least $1 million—which was nearly 60 percent of all Super PAC donations that year. In the lead-up to the 2016 Presi-dential primaries, we are once again witnessing an immense amount of spending. A New York Times investiga-tion in October found that of approxi-mately 120 million households in the United States, a mere 158 families, along with businesses they own or con-trol, had already contributed $176 mil-lion—nearly half of all funds raised to support the 2016 Presidential cam-paigns before a single primary vote has been cast. Congressional races have been simi-larly flooded with outside spending. For example, in the 2014 midterm elec-tions, outside groups spent more than $560 million to influence congressional races—eight times the approximately $70 million spent in 2006, the last mid-term election cycle before Citizens United. And more than 30 percent of that spending came from tax-exempt, ‘‘dark money’’ groups that conceal their donors from the public. The impact of this incredible spend-ing stretches from races for the White House and Congress to Governors’ man-sions, State capitols, and city halls throughout the country. As in Federal campaigns, Citizens United has led to an explosion of outside spending at the State and local levels, with corpora-tions and wealthy single spenders look-ing to play kingmaker, pouring cash into races for positions ranging from district attorney to school board mem-bers. One of the most startling exam-ples occurred in 2014 in Richmond, CA, a city with a population of 107,000. Chevron—an energy company with more than $200 billion in annual rev-enue—spent approximately $3 million through campaign committees aimed at influencing the mayoral and city council races. That means Chevron spent at least $33 per voting-age resi-dent in Richmond. The long-term damage to our polit-ical process from Citizens United is just beginning to reveal itself. Some scandals have already surfaced, and there will undoubtedly be more stories of corruption and corrosive influence ahead, further eroding public con-fidence in our government. I have worked with my colleagues on a num-ber of solutions to stem this tidal wave of secret unlimited spending, including improving disclosure and creating a more transparent campaign finance system. I will continue my efforts to establish a public financing system for congressional elections through the Fair Elections Now Act, which I re-introduced last year. We also must continue to push for a constitutional amendment that would protect and restore the First Amend-ment by overturning Citizens United and empowering Congress and State legislatures to set reasonable, content neutral limitations on campaign spend-ing. In 2614, Justice John Paul Stevens discussed his support for an amend-ment to overturn Citizens United in testimony before the Senate Rules Committee. Here is what he said: ‘‘Un-limited campaign expenditures impair the process of democratic self-govern-ment. They create a risk that success-ful candidates will pay more attention to the interests of non-voters who pro-vided them with money than to the in-terests of the voters who elected them. That risk is unacceptable.’’ As we approach the sixth anniversary of the Citizens United decision, we should heed Justice Stevens’s words. It is unacceptable for politicians to feel more beholden to wealthy donors than their constituents. We must work to fix America’s campaign finance system and overturn Citizens United so that elected officials listen to the everyday Americans who voted them into of-fice—not just those who bankrolled their success. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I regret missing the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the veto message on S.J. Res. 22, a bill that would block im-plementation of the Waters of the United States rule and prevent the En-vironmental Protection Agency and Army Corps of Engineers from reissu-ing a regulation that is substantially similar in the future. I voted against S.J. Res. 22 last fall and, had I been present, I would have voted to uphold the President’s veto. While this rule is not perfect, it provides important envi-ronmental protection efforts. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARGOT ALLEN Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate my longtime staffer Margot Allen on her retirement. Margot has been an essential part of my team since I became a U.S. Senator in 2011, and I am thankful for all of her hard work on behalf of the people of Nevada. For the past 5 years, Margot has gone above and beyond not only working hard to help achieve my goals for Ne-vada’s military community, but also to bring southern Nevada’s active mili-tary members, veterans, and their fam-ilies an unwavering ally in fighting bu-reaucratic red tape and various issues that often occur when working with the Department of Veterans Affairs. From helping Nevadans receive the benefits they deserve, to personally meeting many serving at both Nellis Air Force Base and Creech Air Force Base, to welcoming a variety of vet-erans living throughout the southern Nevada community, Margot has been there to support those that have given so much for our freedoms. I extend my deepest gratitude to Margot for work-ing with Nevada’s military community and representing my office with such a genuine concern for Nevada’s brave men and women. Not only has she gained my respect, but the respect of the military community across south-ern Nevada through her tireless resolve to bring these men and women the sup-port they deserve. Margot also served as my statewide coordinator for Nevada’s U.S. service academies. It was through her efforts in working with Nevada’s youth who were interested in attending these im-portant institutions that many achieved this goal and were accepted into the academies. Along with helping Nevada’s veterans and active military members, Margot also served as a point of contact to sen-iors across southern Nevada struggling with Social Security, Medicare, and other programs available to help our aging population. Throughout the last 5 years, Margot worked diligently to help seniors in need receive the help necessary to remain healthy and happy. This community is fortunate that Margot led the way to help south-ern Nevada’s seniors. Margot also contributed greatly to my team by utilizing a completely dif-ferent skill set—a love of grammar and writing. Prior to working on behalf of the people of Nevada in my office, she served as a professor at the University of Alabama, as well as taught English- language skills in Panama while her husband, Leonard, worked abroad for the Department of Defense. To say I was privileged to have her in my office would be an understatement. Above all else, I want to thank Mar-got for all of her hard work and devo-tion to the people of our great State. She wore many hats, working with vet-erans, seniors, and a variety of other Nevadans struggling to work with Fed-eral agencies—we are very fortunate to have had someone willing to put forth such effort and compassion to help those in need. Her legacy of resilience and determination will never be forgot-ten. Today I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in congratulating Margot on her retirement and in thanking her for all she has done for the people of our State. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MORGAN WALLACE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Morgan Wallace for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recog-nize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wy-oming. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.003 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S157 January 21, 2016 
Morgan is a native of Teton Village, WY, and she currently attends the Ma-deira School. Morgan is involved with soccer, lacrosse, and basketball at school. She has also volunteered with the Special Olympics and the World Wildlife Fund. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several weeks. I want to thank Morgan Wallace for the dedication she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeav-ors. I wish her all my best on her next journey.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING GLEN EDWARD MARTIN ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today we honor the life and service of Glen Edward Martin, whose passing signifies a great loss to Nevada. I send my con-dolences and prayers to his wife and all of Mr. Martin’s family in this difficult time. Mr. Martin was a man truly com-mitted to his family, country, State, and community. He will be sorely missed. Mr. Martin was born in May 1918 in Council Bluffs, IA, where he remained until after graduation from Abraham Lincoln High School in 1937. He later received his bachelor’s degree in eco-nomics from Colorado College in 1941 and a master’s degree in public admin-istration from the University of South-ern California in 1984. Throughout his lifetime, Mr. Martin had four careers, all working in support of his country and local community. Mr. Martin first served as a U.S. Ma-rine Corps officer from 1938 to 1968. During this time, he served in World War II, the Korean war, and the Viet-nam war, receiving numerous Silver and Bronze Stars for his efforts. He was also decorated with a Navy Cross in 1944 at the Battle of Eniwetok. His bravery and service to our country are invaluable. After retiring from the military, Mr. Martin turned his atten-tion to serving the people of Nevada by working as a Nevada State employee. In 1968, Mr. Martin accepted his first role working for the State in com-prehensive health planning and later focused on the extension service in civil defense. I am grateful that Mr. Martin dedicated more than a decade of service toward bettering the State of Nevada. In his final career, beginning in 1983, Mr. Martin served Nevada’s seniors, working as an advocate, teacher, and trainer for exercise and resistance training. In 2002, he received the Gov-ernor’s Point of Lights Award for his unwavering dedication to seniors in Nevada who he helped keep strong and healthy. He also led a 40-participant re-sistance exercise class 3 days a week at the Carson City Senior Center to help those in need. Mr. Martin was a true role model, demonstrating genuine care for those around him. No words can adequately thank Mr. Martin, who served not for recognition but because it was the right thing to do for both his country and community. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recognize Con-gress has a responsibility not only to honor the brave individuals protecting our freedoms, but to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I re-main committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and service-members in Nevada and throughout the Nation. Mr. Martin’s service to his country and dedication to his family and community earned him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our Nation. I am honored to commend all of Mr. Martin’s hard work. His patriotism and drive will never be forgotten. Today I join the Carson City community and citizens of the Silver State to celebrate the life of an upstanding Nevadan, Mr. Glen Edward Martin.∑ 
f 
BICENTENNIAL OF WELD, MAINE ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 200th anni-versary of Weld, ME, a small town set along Webb Lake in Franklin County. The town, with 419 inhabitants, has a long and proud history dating back to the 19th century, and I am pleased to join the people of Weld in celebrating their bicentennial and recognizing the town’s cherished place in the State of Maine. The yearlong bicentennial cele-bration will kick off with an event on Saturday, February 6, at the newly renovated townhall. First settled in 1800, Weld was incor-porated in 1816 and named for its pro-prietor Benjamin Weld, of the well- known Boston family. Incidentally, the year of Weld’s incorporation also marked the notorious Year Without A Summer in New England, with 6 inches of snow blanketing the land in June. Widespread crop failures and other hardships pushed many westward, but the town of Weld prevailed, estab-lishing itself as the small but strong community it remains today. Nestled in a valley created by Mount Blue and the Tumbledown Mountains, Weld has long been noted for its strik-ing natural beauty. The area is rich with wildlife and home to many fish species, loons, moose, and even the oc-casional bald eagle. At the core of Weld’s identity is Webb Lake, where many go to enjoy Maine’s beloved out-door traditions. The historic Kawanhee Inn, a rustic log inn that dates back to the 1920’s, has gained wide recognition for staying true to its origins and character. Along with Mount Blue State Park, Camp Kawanhee for Boys, and family cot-tages with deep historical roots, the inn attracts many visitors to Weld. In the summer months, the town’s popu-lation swells to the thousands as peo-ple from Maine and all around the country flock to Weld to enjoy fishing, boating, hiking, and a respite from fast-paced lifestyles. When the temperatures drop and campers and summer residents pack up to leave, there remains a close-knit and engaged year-round population. The Congregational Church, Masonic Lodge, and the Weld Historical Society are bolstered by active community in-volvement. Additionally, the Webb Lake Association is a nonprofit organi-zation that spearheads conservation ef-forts and raises awareness about water pollutants in the lake. The Webb Lake Association is but one example of the townspeople’s commitment to pre-serving the area’s unsurpassed beauty. I commend all that the people of Weld have done to make their town such a special place to live and experi-ence nature. Their shared love for their hometown has made them one of Maine’s most cohesive and dedicated communities. This has been especially illustrated by the members of the Weld Bicentennial Committee, whose efforts have made this special celebration pos-sible, and I am proud to recognize this milestone.∑ 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following joint resolution was read the second time, and placed on the calendar: 
S.J. Res. 29. Joint resolution to authorize the use of United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and its associated forces. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 2464. A bill to implement equal protec-tion under the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human per-son. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4173. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘VNT1 Protein in Potato; Amendment to a Temporary Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9939–49– OCSPP) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4174. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Propyzamide; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9940–90–OCSPP) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.001 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES158 January 21, 2016 
to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4175. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Methacrylate type copolymer, com-pound with aminomethyl propanol; Toler-ance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9940–29–OCSPP) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4176. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Aspergillus flavus AF36; Time Lim-ited Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9939–53–OCSPP) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4177. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extensions of Credit by Federal Reserve Banks’’ (RIN7100–AE08) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4178. A communication from the Sec-retary, Division of Corporate Finance, Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Simplification of Disclosure Require-ments for Emerging Growth Companies and Forward Incorporation by Reference on Form S–1 for Smaller Reporting Companies’’ (RIN3235–AL88) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4179. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Community Reinvestment Act Regula-tions’’ (RIN3064–AD90) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4180. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order revoking Ex-ecutive Orders 13574, 13590, 13622, and 13645 with respect to Iran and amending Executive Order 13628 with respect to Iran, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 16, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4181. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Certain Industrial Equipment: Energy Conservation Standards for Small, Large, and Very Large Air-Cooled Commercial Package Air Conditioning and Heating Equipment and Commercial Warm Air Furnaces’’ ((RIN1904–AC95 and RIN1904– AD11) (Docket Nos. EERE–2013–BT–STD–0007 and EERE–2013–BT–STD–0021)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 19, 2016; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. EC–4182. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Prod-ucts: Test Procedures for Residential Fur-naces and Boilers’’ ((RIN1904–AC79) (Docket No. EERE–2012–BT–TP–0024)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–4183. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ ((RIN1904–AC87) (Docket No. EERE–2012–BT– STD–0045)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4184. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Boilers’’ ((RIN1904–AC88) (Docket No. EERE–2012–BT– STD–0047)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 19, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4185. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Disapproval of Nevada Air Plan Revisions, Clark County’’ (FRL No. 9941–13–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4186. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Designation of Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; California; San Joaquin Valley; Reclassification as Serious Non-attainment for the 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9940–83–Region 9) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4187. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Kansas; Annual Emissions Fee and Annual Emissions Inven-tory’’ (FRL No. 9940–97–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4188. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arkansas; Crittenden County Base Year Emission Inventory’’ (FRL No. 9941–21–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4189. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Texas; Infra-structure and Interstate Transport for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9941–29–Region 6) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4190. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Allegheny County’s Adoption of Con-trol Techniques Guidelines for Four Industry Categories for Control of Volatile Organic Compound Emissions’’ (FRL No. 9941–36–Re-gion 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4191. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of As-sets in Single-Employer Plans; Valuation of Benefits and Assets; Expected Retirement Age’’ (29 CFR Part 4044) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 12, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4192. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s annual report on the performance evaluation of FDA-approved mammography quality standards accreditation bodies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4193. A communication from the Execu-tive Director of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States, transmitting, a report of three recommendations adopted by the Administrative Conference of the United States at its 64th Plenary Session; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4194. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Office of Regulatory Affairs, Bu-reau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Ex-plosives, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Machineguns, Destructive Devices and Certain Other Firearms; Background Checks for Responsible Persons of a Trust or Legal Entity with Respect to Making or Transferring a Firearm’’ (RIN1140–AA43) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 19, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4195. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE272) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4196. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648– XE225) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4197. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.007 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S159 January 21, 2016 
‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commer-cial Quota Available for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts’’ (RIN0648–XE241) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4198. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Commer-cial Non-Blacknose Small Coastal Sharks in the Gulf of Mexico Region’’ (RIN0648–XE334) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4199. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015–2016 Biennial Speci-fications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments’’ (RIN0648–BF44) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4200. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; 2015–2016 Accountability Measure and Closure for King Mackerel in Western Zone of the Gulf of Mexico’’ (RIN0648–XE290) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4201. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace, Neah Bay, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3321)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4202. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Low Power Television Digital Rules’’ ((MB Docket No. 03–185, GN Docket No. 12–268, and ET Docket No. 14–175) (FCC 15–175)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4203. A communication from the Broadband Division Chief, Wireless Tele-communication Bureau, Federal Commu-nications Commission, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ex-panding the Economic and Innovation Oppor-tunities of Spectrum Through Incentive Auc-tions’’ ((GN Docket No. 12–268) (FCC 15–140)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4204. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0029); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4205. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0028); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4206. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0052); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Marine Corps nominations beginning with George L. Roberts and ending with Stephen A. Ritchie, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 11, 2016. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Anthony J. Rock, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Col. James H. Dienst, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nominations beginning with Col. John J. Degoes and ending with Col. Mark A. Koeniger, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 19, 2015. Air Force nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. James R. Barkley and ending with Brig. Gen. Edward P. Yarish, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on Janu-ary 11, 2016. Air Force nomination of Col. Paige P. Hun-ter, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Thomas J. Owens II, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Robert G. Michnowicz, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Jeffrey C. Coggin, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Kevin C. Wulfhorst, to be Brigadier General. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Peter L. Reynolds and ending with Chris-topher P. Calder, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nomination of Jeremy W. Can-non, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Ted W. Lieu, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Jodene M. Alexander and ending with Debo-rah J. Robinson, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nominations beginning with John Louis Arendale II and ending with Minh-Tri Ba Trinh, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nominations beginning with Bonnie Joy Bosler and ending with Liane L. Weinberger, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nominations beginning with Arden B. Andersen and ending with Mark A. Zelkovic, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nomination of Todd Andrew Luce, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Lebane S. Hall and ending with David F. Pendleton, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nominations beginning with Wil-liam Charles Dunlap and ending with Robert K. Mcghee, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nominations beginning with Dawn D. Bellack and ending with Andrew J. Turner, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nominations beginning with Katherine E. Aasen and ending with Chris-topher M. Zidek, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nominations beginning with Bryan M. Barroqueiro and ending with Jo-seph Mannino, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 14, 2015. Air Force nomination of Bryan M. Davis, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Todd E. Combs, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Brett C. Anderson and ending with Shahid A. Zaidi, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 11, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Ste-phen C. Arnason and ending with John R. Yancey, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 11, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Eric E. Abbott and ending with Philip A. Wixom, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 11, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Jane A. Alston and ending with Timothy J. Zielicke, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 11, 2016. Army nominations beginning with David H. Aamidor and ending with D012522, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on De-cember 14, 2015. Army nominations beginning with Yonatan S. Abebie and ending with D012158, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 14, 2015. Army nomination of Peter J. Koch, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Derek P. Jones and ending with William J. Rice, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on December 14, 2015. Army nominations beginning with Michael S. Abbott and ending with D011609, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on De-cember 14, 2015. Army nomination of Denny L. Winningham, to be Colonel. Army nomination of John C. Baskerville, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Mark L. Coble, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Craig A. Holan and ending with Eric E. Zimmerman, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 11, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.009 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES160 January 21, 2016 
Army nomination of Steven R. Berger, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Richard M. Hawkins, to be Major. Army nomination of Martin S. Kendrick, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with William T. Hennessy and ending with James R. Lenard, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on December 14, 2015. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Jeremy D. Adams and ending with Angela S. Zunic, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 11, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with James E. O’Neil III and ending with Keith M. Roxo, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on October 28, 2015. Navy nominations beginning with Denise M. Veyvoda and ending with Robert G. West, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 11, 2016. Navy nomination of James A. Trotter, to be Lieutenant Commander. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. L EE): S. 2459. A bill to require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to be appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 2460. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require reports to Congress on matters of the military departments and Defense Agencies in support of the biennial strategic workforce plans of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 2461. A bill to enable civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institu-tions, to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials science, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: S. 2462. A bill to amend section 117 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude Federal student aid from taxable gross in-come; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 2463. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for a percentage of student loan forgiveness for public service employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. R
ISCH, and Mr. C RAPO ): S. 2464. A bill to implement equal protec-tion under the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human per-son; read the first time. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. LANKFORD: S. Res. 348. A resolution supporting efforts to place a woman on the currency of the United States; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1086, a bill to establish an insurance policy advisory committee on international capital standards, and for other purposes. 
S. 1175 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1175, a bill to improve the safety of hazardous materials rail transpor-tation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to provide for enhanced Federal efforts concerning the preven-tion, education, treatment, and re-search activities related to Lyme dis-ease and other tick-borne diseases, in-cluding the establishment of a Tick- Borne Diseases Advisory Committee. 
S. 1783 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1783, a bill to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to clarify a provision relating to the des-ignation of a northern transportation route in Washington County, Utah. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1874, a bill to provide protec-tions for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization. 
S. 2051 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2051, a bill to improve, sustain, and transform the United States Postal Service. S. 2053 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2053, a bill to require the Secretary of Energy to award grants to expand pro-grams in maritime and energy work-force technical training, and for other purposes. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2144, a bill to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Govern-ment of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2386 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2386, a bill to authorize the establishment of the Stonewall Na-tional Historic Site in the State of New York as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. 
S. 2418 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2418, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to estab-lish university labs for student-devel-oped technology-based solutions for countering online recruitment of vio-lent extremists. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. C
ARDIN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2426, supra. 
S. 2437 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2437, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 340 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 340, a resolu-tion expressing the sense of Congress that the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is com-mitting genocide, crimes against hu-manity, and war crimes, and calling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.010 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S161 January 21, 2016 
upon the President to work with for-eign governments and the United Na-tions to provide physical protection for ISIS’ targets, to support the creation of an international criminal tribunal with jurisdiction to punish these crimes, and to use every reasonable means, including sanctions, to destroy ISIS and disrupt its support networks. 
S. RES. 347 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 347, a resolution honoring the memory and legacy of Anita Ashok Datar and condemning the terrorist at-tack in Bamako, Mali, on November 20, 2015. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. L
EE): S. 2459. A bill to require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to be ap-pointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. M
CCONNELL . Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2459 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Prisons Accountability Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Director of the Bureau of Prisons leads a law enforcement component of the Department of Justice with a budget that ex-ceeds $6,900,000,000 for fiscal year 2015. (2) With the exception of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, the Bureau of Prisons has the largest operating budget of any unit within the Department of Justice. (3) The Director of the Bureau of Prisons oversees 122 facilities and is responsible for the welfare of more than 208,000 Federal in-mates. (4) The Director of the Bureau of Prisons supervises more than 39,000 employees, many of whom operate in hazardous environments that involve regular interaction with violent offenders. (5) The Director of the Bureau of Prisons also serves as the chief operating officer for Federal Prisons Industries, a wholly owned government enterprise of 78 prison factories that directly competes against the private sector, including small businesses, for Gov-ernment contracts. (6) Within the Department of Justice, in addition to those officials who oversee liti-gating components, the Director of the Bu-reau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Ex-plosives, the Director of the Bureau of Jus-tice Assistance, the Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, the Director of the Community Relations Service, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Director of the National Institute of Justice, the Director of the Office for Victims of Crime, the Director of the Office on Violence Against Women, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Dep-uty Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Administrator of the Of-fice of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, the Director of the United States Marshals Service, 94 United States Marshals, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice, and the Special Counsel for Immigration Related Unfair Employment Practices, are all appointed by the President by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. (7) Despite the significant budget of the Bureau of Prisons and the vast number of people under the responsibility of the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons, the Director is not appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. SEC. 3. DIRECTOR OF THE BUREAU OF PRISONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4041 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘appointed by and serving directly under the Attorney General.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘who shall be appointed by the President by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. The Director shall serve directly under the Attorney General.’’. (b) I
NCUMBENT .—Notwithstanding the amendment made by subsection (a), the indi-vidual serving as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons on the date of enactment of this Act may serve as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons until the date that is 3 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit the abil-ity of the President to appoint the individual serving as the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons on the date of enactment of this Act to the position of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons in accordance with section 4041 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). (d) T
ERM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4041 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a), is amended by inserting after ‘‘consent of the Senate.’’ the following: ‘‘The Director shall be appointed for a term of 10 years, except that an individual appointed to the position of Director may continue to serve in that position until another indi-vidual is appointed to that position, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. An individual may not serve more than 1 term as Director.’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to appointments made on or after the date of enactment of this Act. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 348—SUP-PORTING EFFORTS TO PLACE A WOMAN ON THE CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. LANKFORD submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs: 
S. R ES. 348 Whereas Andrew Jackson, though a mili-tary hero in the War of 1812, as President, instated Federal policies, including the Act of May 28, 1830 (4 Stat. 411, chapter 148) (com-monly known as the ‘‘Indian Removal Act’’), to remove millions of American Indians from their historic homelands to what is now the State of Oklahoma, which accelerated the settlement of Indian lands across the Great Plains and throughout the West; Whereas the removal policies enforced by Andrew Jackson led to the reductions of the homelands, and ultimately the deaths, of thousands of American Indians across the continent; Whereas the forced removal of American Indians by Andrew Jackson and the subse-quent inhumane settlement of Indian lands represent a major blight on the proud his-tory of the United States; and Whereas, beginning prior to the founding of the United States and continuing through the present day, the women of the United States, including American Indian women, have worked without due recognition and should be provided the necessary respect and gratitude by all people of the United States for innumerable contributions to the cul-ture, families, economy, innovation, mili-tary, and way of life of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports— (1) efforts to recognize the contributions of countless women to the history of the United States by placing a woman on the currency of the United States; (2) the removal of Andrew Jackson from the $20 Federal reserve note; and (3) the placement of a significant woman from the history of the United States on the $20 Federal reserve note. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Healthcare Co-Ops: A Review of the Financial and Oversight Controls.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 21, 2016, at 10:45 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Political and Economic Developments in Latin America and Opportunities for U.S. Engagement.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.013 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES162 January 21, 2016 
meet during the session of the Senate on January 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Laying Out the Reality of the United States Postal Service.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on January 21, 2016, at 10:45 a.m., in the President’s Room in the Capitol. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 21, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘VA’s Transformation Strat-egy: Examining the Plan to Modernize VA.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 2464 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I under-stand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2464) to implement equal protec-tion under the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human per-son. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will re-ceive its second reading on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 2016, AND TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Friday, January 22, for a pro forma session only, with no business conducted; further, that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, Janu-ary 22, it next convene on Tuesday, January 26, at 10 a.m.; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be re-served for their use later in the day; fi-nally, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; that following morning business, the Senate then begin consid-eration of S. 2012, as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order, following the remarks of the senior Senator from Utah. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The President pro tempore, the Sen-ator from Utah. 
f 
VALUE OF HUMAN LIFE Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, tomorrow is January 22. This is a date that has become known for two related but radi-cally different reasons. First, it is the anniversary of the Supreme Court’s in-famous decision in Roe v. Wade that imposed on America the most permis-sive abortion regime in the world. That decision degraded human life by de-grading the Constitution. At the center of the debate over the morality, legality, or policy of abor-tion is the fact that each abortion kills a living human being. That this fact is inescapable does not prevent many from trying mightily to escape it, but it cannot be avoided, obscured, or ig-nored. Let me repeat: Each abortion kills a living human being. That fact informed President Ronald Reagan when he wrote a moving essay in 1983 titled ‘‘Abortion and the Conscience of the Nation.’’ He wrote: ‘‘We cannot di-minish the value of one category of human life—the unborn—without di-minishing the value of all human life.’’ The real question, he said, is not about when human life begins but about the value of human life. I believe that re-mains the real question today. Starting even before America’s founding, the law had been on a steady march toward protecting human beings before birth. The 19th century move-ment that succeeded in prohibiting abortion except to save the life of the mother was led by medical profes-sionals and civil rights activists. That consensus, however, began to unravel in the 20th century. In 1948, the United States voted in favor of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which recognizes in its preamble the inherent dignity and in-alienable rights of ‘‘all members of the human family.’’ Like every Member of this body, I am a member of the human family because I am a living human being. So are you, Mr. President; so is each of us. Article 3 of the declaration states that ‘‘everyone has the right to life.’’ Words such as ‘‘universal’’ and ‘‘in-herent’’ and ‘‘all’’ are unambiguous and clear. Only 25 years later, however, the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade deci-sion declared quite the opposite—that the right to life is actually not uni-versal and does not belong to every member of the human family. The Court said, in effect, that some mem-bers of the human family get to deter-mine whether others live or die. The contradictions continued. On April 2, 1982, the U.S. Senate ratified the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. Article 6 declares: Every human being has the inherent right to life. This right shall be protected by law. No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his life. 
This time, it took the Supreme Court just 88 days to send the opposite mes-sage. In Planned Parenthood v. Casey, the Court reaffirmed its decision that the U.S. Constitution protects the right to abortion. In other words, the right to life is not inherent, it cannot be protected by law, and it can be arbi-trarily taken away. This sort of confusion about the fun-damental value of human life has put the United States in an appalling posi-tion. The United States is one of only seven nations in the world to allow abortion even into the sixth month of pregnancy. We join on that list China and North Korea, which are hardly champions of human rights. More chil-dren are killed by abortion in 2 days in America than all American service-members who have been killed in Iraq and Afghanistan. Last year, we all witnessed the depths to which this degradation of human life leads. Planned Parenthood, the Nation’s largest abortion provider, is in the dark business of trafficking in baby body parts and uses word games and spin to hide what it is actually doing. These aren’t children or babies, says Planned Parenthood; they are products of conception. These aren’t body parts; they are tissue specimens. This should come as no surprise. Stripped of inherent dignity and worth, human beings can easily become com-modities. Last week, in his final State of the Union Address, President Obama said that a future opportunity for our fami-lies and a peaceful planet for our kids are within our reach. How can that pos-sibly occur without a basic commit-ment to the fundamental value of human life and the inherent dignity and worth of every human being? Let me highlight one more contrast. Early feminists Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton published and edited a newspaper titled The Revolu-tion. They editorialized against abor-tion and even rejected ads for abortifa-cient drugs, arguing that abortion was a tool for oppressing women. Elizabeth Blackwell, the first woman to receive a degree from an American medical school, strongly opposed abortion. Dr. Charlotte Denman Lozier, another trailblazer for women in the medical profession, helped and defended women who were pressured to have abortions. One writer described Dr. Lozier’s work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JA6.018 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S163 January 21, 2016 
as ‘‘thoroughly woman-affirming and life-affirming.’’ These priorities of being both pro- women and pro-life have today been made enemies instead of allies. Today, the right to abortion and even its ac-tual incidence have, for many, become signs or symbols of progress instead of oppression. This idea that the act of killing a living human being should be held up as a step forward, as a light to guide our way, strikes me as deeply misguided and as something to mourn rather than celebrate. We should in-stead deepen the conviction that all human beings have inherent dignity and worth. That once was, and should be again, the foundation for our cul-ture, society, and, yes, even our poli-tics. The Supreme Court not only de-graded human life in its Roe v. Wade decision but did so by degrading the Constitution. The Court found a right to abortion not in the real Constitu-tion but in a constitution of its own making. The real Constitution would not allow the Court to impose its own values on the Nation, and so the Court simply created a different constitution that would. By claiming to find an un-written right in our written Constitu-tion, the Justices seized control of the Constitution that is supposed to con-trol them. If it is possible, I urge my colleagues to set aside the particular subject of abortion and consider what this really means. All public officials, including Supreme Court Justices, take an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. That Constitu-tion, the real Constitution, is supposed to be the primary way that the Amer-ican people impose limits on govern-ment. In fact, as the Supreme Court recognized in the 1803 Marbury v. Madi-son decision, the Constitution is writ-ten down so that those limits on gov-ernment will be neither mistaken nor forgotten. In his farewell address of 1796, President George Washington said that the people’s control over the Con-stitution is the heart of our system of government. Our freedom depends on it. With decisions like Roe v. Wade, however, the Supreme Court takes con-trol of the Constitution away from the people, distorts our way of govern-ment, and compromises the freedom the system makes possible. Thomas Jefferson warned against allowing the Supreme Court to twist and shape the Constitution into any form it pleased. Yet that is exactly what the Court does in Roe v. Wade. Instead of conforming their decisions to the real Constitu-tion, the Justices conform the Con-stitution to their own preferences, val-ues, and agenda. They turn their oath to support and defend the Constitution into an oath to support and defend themselves. January 22 is known for the decision in which the Supreme Court degraded human life by degrading the Constitu-tion. The Court used judicially tragic means to achieve a morally and cul-turally tragic end. Thankfully, how-ever, January 22 is also known for an-other, radically different, event known as the March for Life. Every year for decades, hundreds of thousands of our fellow citizens have come here to Washington to do just that—march for life. They represent what once was the norm: the belief that life itself is pre-cious and that each human being has inherent dignity and worth. By coming to Washington year after year, they stake their claim that those principles can once again prevail. There is reason for hope. More than 70 percent of Americans believe that abortion should be illegal in most or all circumstances. That figure has not changed in more than 40 years. What has changed is that more Americans today identify themselves as pro-life than as pro-choice. Large majorities favor a range of limitations on abor-tion and in 2014 elected scores of new pro-life legislators at both the State and Federal level. Perhaps most en-couraging of all, the percentage of young people who believe that abortion should not be permitted in most or all circumstances has risen steadily and significantly. The number of abortions reported each year to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has dropped by 50 percent in the last 25 years. The organization Feminists for Life was founded in 1972 before Roe v. Wade sent us into this tailspin. They have said for years that women deserve bet-ter than abortion. Life, not death, should be our priority. I hope and pray that more and more of us will be—in large and small ways each and every day—marching for life. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 2:30 p.m., adjourned until Friday, January 22, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JA6.034 S21JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
D52 Thursday, January 21, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S141–S163 Measures Introduced: Six bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 2459–2464, and S. Res. 348.
                                                                          Page S160 
Veto Messages: Waters of the United States: Senate continued consideration of the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 22, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act.
      Pages S143–47 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. 5), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the veto message to ac-company the joint resolution.
                       Pages S146–47 
Cloture not having been invoked, under the pre-vious order of Wednesday, January 20, 2016, the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 22, was indefi-nitely postponed.
                                                         Page S147 
Energy Policy Modernization Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that following morning business on Tuesday, January 26, 2016, Senate begin consideration of S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, with a period for debate only until 3 p.m.
                                                                    Page S143 
Vazquez Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, January 26, 2016, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of John Mi-chael Vazquez, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey; that there be 15 minutes for debate on confirmation of the nomination, equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on con-firmation of the nomination.
                                 Page S143 Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                          Pages S141–42, S157 
Measures Read the First Time:           Pages S157, S162 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S157–59 
Executive Reports of Committees:         Pages S159–60 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S160–61 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S161 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S156–57 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                      Pages S161–62 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—5)
                                                                Pages S146–47 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 2:30 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Friday, January 22, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S162.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Eric K. Fan-ning, of the District of Columbia, to be Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 3,178 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the status of innova-tive technologies within the automotive industry, after receiving testimony from David Friedman, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Energy, Of-fice of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JA6.REC D21JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D53 January 21, 2016 
Chris Gearhart, Director, Transportation and Hydro-gen Systems Center, National Renewable Energy Laboratory; Mitch Bainwol, Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, and Genevieve Cullen, Electric Drive Transportation Association, both of Washington, D.C.; and Xavier Mosquet, The Boston Consulting Group, Troy, Michigan. HEALTHCARE CO-OPS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine healthcare co-ops, focusing on a review of the financial and oversight controls, after receiving testimony from Andy Slavitt, Acting Administrator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. DEVELOPMENTS IN LATIN AMERICA Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine political and economic develop-ments in Latin America and opportunities for United States engagement, after receiving testimony from Thomas F. McLarty, III, former White House Chief of Staff and Special Envoy to the Americas, McLarty Associates, and Eric Farnsworth, Council of the Americas and Americas Society, both of Washington, D.C.; and Shannon K. O’Neil, Council on Foreign Relations, New York, New York. U.S. POSTAL SERVICE Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine laying out the reality of the Postal Service, including S. 2051, to improve, sustain, and transform the United States Postal Service, after receiving testi-mony from Megan J. Brennan, Postmaster General and Chief Executive Officer, and David C. Williams, Inspector General, both of the Postal Service; Robert G. Taub, Acting Chairman, Postal Regulatory Com-mission; Lori Rectanus, Director, Physical Infrastruc-ture Issues, Government Accountability Office; James E. Millstein, former Department of the Treas-ury Chief Restructuring Officer, Millstein and Co., and Fredric V. Rolando, National Association of Let-ter Carriers, both of Washington, D.C.; John Hutcheson III, National Newspaper Association, Springfield, Illinois; and Kathy Collins, Domtar Paper Company, Rothschild, Wisconsin, on behalf of the American Forest and Paper Association. MODERNIZING THE VA Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Department of Veterans Af-fairs’ transformation strategy, focusing on examining the plan to modernize the Department of Veterans Affairs, after receiving testimony from Robert A. McDonald, Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, January 25, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 107. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 2016 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JA6.REC D21JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD54 January 21, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Friday, January 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Monday, January 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, January 25, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 107. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21JA6.REC D21JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST