Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S167 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016 No. 15 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, January 28, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
TUESDAY , JANUARY 26, 2016 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable S
USAN  M. C
OLLINS , a Senator from the State of Maine. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, the superintendent of life’s seasons, thank You for the gift of this day. Lord, the paralyzing snow reminds us that to everything there is a season, a time for every matter and purpose under Heaven. Give our lawmakers the wisdom to seize the opportunities of the myriad seasons. May it never be said about their labors that the harvest has past but the work has been left un-done. Lord, inspire them to seize the seasons of planting and reaping, of re-moving and building, of speaking and listening, of weeping and laughing, of dividing and uniting, of scattering and gathering. May the opportunities pro-vided in this season enable our Sen-ators to be Your ambassadors on Earth. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The bill clerk read the following let-ter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 26, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable S
USAN M. C OLLINS , a Senator from the State of Maine, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Ms. COLLINS thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Alaska is rec-ognized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 2464 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2464) to implement equal protec-tion under the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human per-son. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, in order to place the bill on the cal-endar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for today with respect to the consider-ation of S. 2012 and the nomination in executive session be modified for to-morrow’s session as follows: consider-ation of S. 2012 be for debate only until 2:15 p.m.; and that at 5:15 p.m. the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider calendar No. 306 as under the pre-vious order. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Hearing none, it is so ordered. 
f 
BLIZZARD OF 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, before I complete the following close-out here, I want to make a comment this morning. What we have just done is move consideration of the energy bill—the Energy Policy Modernization Act—from today to tomorrow. It is a little bit unusual, but given what we have seen here, not only in Wash-ington, DC, but all around the East 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.000 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES168 January 26, 2016 
Coast with the weather, the blizzard of 2016, it is understandable that we would allow for a period of time for our col-leagues to return to the U.S. Senate. I think it is more than an under-statement to say that it has been chal-lenging to travel, challenging to move. I think it is worth noting, however, that the Acting President pro tempore, the Senator from Maine, and myself, the Senator from Alaska—both kind of the bookends of the country, arctic States, if you will; certainly Alaska is, and Maine is right up there—are here braving the elements. I might also note for a little histor-ical perspective that as we convene this morning, and you look around the Chamber, the Acting President pro tempore is female, our Parliamen-tarian and all of our clerks are female, our floor managers are female, and all of our pages are female. This was not orchestrated in any way, shape or form. We came in this morning, looked around and thought: something is dif-ferent this morning—different in a good way, I might add. But something is genuinely different, and I think it is genuinely fabulous. Perhaps it speaks to the hardiness of women who put on their boots and put on their hat and get out and slog through the mess that is out there. I don’t know about you all, but I spent a good portion of my weekend shoveling. I feel stronger today, but I am ready to be back at work where it is a little less rigorous. It has been an interesting weekend with, again, the extent of the blizzard. I have been asked numerous times: Well, this must just be a normal day for you in Alaska. We haven’t had the snow that we would like back home. In fact, we got as much snowfall here in the D.C. metro-politan area as Anchorage, my home-town, has had accumulated over the course of this season. We have been feeling a little left out of the weather events. I was looking at Facebook over the weekend. There is one post out there that I thought was pretty Alaskan. It said: ‘‘Not to be out-done in winter, #Alaska sees East Coast blizzard and raises it with major #earthquake.’’ We had a little bit of excitement back home with a 7.1 earthquake. But the good news for us throughout the State is that while it certainly got ev-eryone’s attention at 1 o’clock in the morning, it did not cause significant damage. We are thankful for that. We are also thankful that as we are digging out of the snowstorms here and throughout the East, people are mak-ing it through. But our thoughts and our prayers are for those who have suf-fered as a consequence of this weather- related tragedy in many, many cases. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID GRANNIS ∑Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, today I wish to pay tribute and offer my heartfelt thanks to one of my most trusted advisers, David Grannis. David has served me on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence for over a decade, beginning as my designee in March of 2005, then as my staff director from January of 2009 when I took over as chairman of the Committee. Over this decade, I have grown to trust his expertise and advice on all aspects of our oversight of the Intelligence Com-munity and to rely on David’s keen abilities to manage the committee in a fair and bipartisan manner, while shep-herding through some of the Nation’s most important and sometimes con-troversial legislation. Prior to joining the Intelligence Committee in 2005, David worked on the House Select Committee on Home-land Security and was the senior policy adviser to Representative Jane Harman on matters of national security. Before coming to Congress, David worked for 2 years at the National Research Coun-cil’s Board on Chemical Sciences and Technology on projects studying the ability to make explosives more de-tectable and identifiable. He has a mas-ter’s of public policy from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard Uni-versity, where he worked for now-Sec-retary of Defense Ash Carter, who I un-derstand recommended him to Rep-resentative Harman. David is a proven expert on both process and substance, which I am certain he developed by ap-plying his characteristic analytic ap-proach to everything, a skill he devel-oped while a student in chemistry at Cornell University. David’s accomplishments on the In-telligence Committee are extensive, so I will mention only a few of the high-lights today. As staff director, David played a central role in assisting and guiding me and the committee through all stages of the committee’s study of the CIA’s detention and interrogation program, where a deft hand was re-quired to negotiate numerous aspects of the review with the CIA and the ad-ministration. He played a significant role in prodding the administration to provide information and access to critically important material. He worked with the committee study team to declassify and secure release of a 500-page executive summary of the full 6,700-page report, a process that re-quired months of excruciatingly de-tailed negotiations. The report is be-lieved to be the largest review in con-gressional history. After the release of the declassified summary, David helped me and Senator MCCAINdraft and pass legislation that will help ensure these types of harsh interrogation techniques will never be used again by the CIA or any other agency or representative of the U.S. Government. David also managed the bipartisan committee staff as it helped pass seven straight intelligence authorization bills from 2009 to the most recent one, which was signed by the President last month under the leadership of Chair-man B
URR. This effort, which helps en-sure proper oversight of the intel-ligence community, was a significant achievement as no legislative guidance had been provided to the intelligence community during the previous 5 years prior to 2009. I thank David for leading the staff development of these bills and helping to successfully push them through Senate passage to bring them to the President’s desk. Another recent significant accom-plishment in which David’s steady hand and expert advice helped achieve success is his work on the Cybersecu-rity Information Sharing Act of 2015. This act, which was signed by the President last month, will help this Nation defend itself from cyber attacks by encouraging increased information sharing on cyber intrusions between private industry and the government. As staff director, David also oversaw the completion of two important com-mittee reviews. The first one was a committee report on the 2009 Christ-mas Day attempted bombing of flight 253 over Detroit, and the second one was a bipartisan report on the 2012 Benghazi attacks. Each unflinchingly laid out the facts and helped determine what changes should be made as an ap-propriate response. David also worked to improve oversight of counterterror-ism operations that helped assure the American public that Congress knew the details of what was being done by the executive branch, as well as pro-vided recommendations for improve-ments. In 2007, David worked on the commit-tee’s investigation into prewar intel-ligence regarding Iraq. David served as the co-lead for the committee’s sixth and final report on this topic, which dealt with the subject of prewar state-ments by senior policymakers. This was an important and sensitive sub-ject, and David and his staff colleagues handled it with objectivity and profes-sionalism. The report, approved by a bipartisan majority of the committee in June 2008, helped resolve a number of important questions regarding the run-up to the Iraq War. The great work that David and his colleagues did on this project ensured that the public fi-nally received the facts and helped con-clude what had at times been a conten-tious chapter in the committee’s his-tory. I also want to echo many of the com-ments that our committee staff has made about David including one that was passed onto me where a colleague said that he ‘‘has been the rock upon which the staff’s foundation is built.’’ He has been a solid and stable leader that has provided the confidence that the staff needs to flourish. David’s in-tellect and knowledge of the intel-ligence community and his commu-nication skills in conveying that knowledge to committee members has gained him the respect and admiration of the entire committee. Finally, his demeanor and behavior in dealing with people, both inside and outside the committee, on both sides of the aisle and in both bodies of Congress, as well 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jan 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.002 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S169 January 26, 2016 
as with leaders of the intelligence com-munity and the executive branch, is an example to be emulated. As I mentioned earlier, these are just a few of David’s traits and accomplish-ments that I have come to rely upon while he served on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. And I thank him for them. I also want to thank David’s wife, Kerry Searle Grannis, for enduring the long hours and time away from home that is often a part of life in the Senate; and to ac-knowledge their three beautiful chil-dren—Owen, Amelia, and Nathaniel— who I hope now will have more time with their father, who can help them achieve more Boy Scout badges, excel in drama classes, and perfect that high board dive and soccer goal. Kerry has mentioned how wonderful a husband and father David has been, supporting her as she completed her Ph.D. and sharing all household chores, driving duties, and doctors’ appointments for his busy crew. I know David will thrive as he begins a new set of challenges as the Principal Deputy Under Secretary at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis. I wish him the very best and thank him for his many years of service and dedication to this country and to me.∑ 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2464. A bill to implement equal protec-tion under the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human per-son. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2953. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2953. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—EFFICIENCY Subtitle A—Buildings Sec. 1001. Greater energy efficiency in build-ing codes. Sec. 1002. Budget-neutral demonstration program for energy and water conservation improvements at multifamily residential units. Sec. 1003. Coordination of energy retro-fitting assistance for schools. Sec. 1004. Energy efficiency retrofit pilot program. Sec. 1005. Utility energy service contracts. Sec. 1006. Use of energy and water efficiency measures in Federal buildings. Sec. 1007. Building training and assessment centers. Sec. 1008. Career skills training. Sec. 1009. Energy-efficient and energy-sav-ing information technologies. Sec. 1010. Availability of funds for design up-dates. Sec. 1011. Energy efficient data centers. Sec. 1012. Weatherization Assistance Pro-gram. Sec. 1013. Reauthorization of State energy program. Sec. 1014. Smart building acceleration. Sec. 1015. Repeal of fossil phase-out. Sec. 1016. Federal building energy efficiency performance standards. Sec. 1017. Codification of Executive Order. Sec. 1018. Certification for green buildings. Sec. 1019. High performance green federal buildings. Sec. 1020. Evaluation of potentially duplica-tive green building programs within Department of Energy. Sec. 1021. Study and report on energy sav-ings benefits of operational effi-ciency programs and services. Subtitle B—Appliances Sec. 1101. Extended product system rebate program. Sec. 1102. Energy efficient transformer re-bate program. Sec. 1103. Standards for certain furnaces. Sec. 1104. Third-party certification under Energy Star program. Sec. 1105. Energy conservation standards for commercial refrigeration equip-ment. Sec. 1106. Voluntary verification programs for air conditioning, furnace, boiler, heat pump, and water heater products. Subtitle C—Manufacturing Sec. 1201. Manufacturing energy efficiency. Sec. 1202. Leveraging existing Federal agen-cy programs to assist small and medium manufacturers. Sec. 1203. Leveraging smart manufacturing infrastructure at National Lab-oratories. Subtitle D—Vehicles Sec. 1301. Short title. Sec. 1302. Objectives. Sec. 1303. Coordination and nonduplication. Sec. 1304. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 1305. Reporting. PART I—VEHICLE RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT  Sec. 1306. Program. Sec. 1307. Manufacturing. PART II—M
EDIUM - ANDHEAVY -DUTY C
OMMERCIAL AND TRANSIT VEHICLES  Sec. 1308. Program. Sec. 1309. Class 8 truck and trailer systems demonstration. Sec. 1310. Technology testing and metrics. Sec. 1311. Nonroad systems pilot program. PART III—A
DMINISTRATION  Sec. 1312. Repeal of existing authorities. Subtitle E—Short Title Sec. 1401. Short title. TITLE II—INFRASTRUCTURE Subtitle A—Cybersecurity Sec. 2001. Cybersecurity threats. Sec. 2002. Enhanced grid security. Subtitle B—Strategic Petroleum Reserve Sec. 2101. Strategic Petroleum Reserve mod-ernization. Subtitle C—Trade Sec. 2201. Action on applications to export liquefied natural gas. Sec. 2202. Public disclosure of liquefied nat-ural gas export destinations. Sec. 2203. Energy data collaboration. Subtitle D—Electricity and Energy Storage Sec. 2301. Grid storage program. Sec. 2302. Electric system grid architecture, scenario development, and mod-eling. Sec. 2303. Technology demonstration on the distribution system. Sec. 2304. Hybrid micro-grid systems for iso-lated and resilient commu-nities. Sec. 2305. Voluntary model pathways. Sec. 2306. Performance metrics for elec-tricity infrastructure providers. Sec. 2307. State and regional electricity dis-tribution planning. Sec. 2308. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 2309. Electric transmission infrastruc-ture permitting. Sec. 2310. Report by transmission organiza-tions on distributed energy re-sources and micro-grid systems. Sec. 2311. Net metering study guidance. Subtitle E—Computing Sec. 2401. Exascale computer research pro-gram. TITLE III—SUPPLY Subtitle A—Renewables PART I—HYDROELECTRIC  Sec. 3001. Hydropower regulatory improve-ments. Sec. 3002. Hydroelectric production incen-tives and efficiency improve-ments. Sec. 3003. Extension of time for a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project involving Clark Canyon Dam. Sec. 3004. Extension of time for a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project involving Gibson Dam. PART II—G
EOTHERMAL  
SUBPART A —GEOTHERMAL ENERGY  Sec. 3005. National goals for production and site identification. Sec. 3006. Priority areas for development on Federal land. Sec. 3007. Facilitation of coproduction of geothermal energy on oil and gas leases. Sec. 3008. Noncompetitive leasing of adjoin-ing areas for development of geothermal resources. Sec. 3009. Large-scale geothermal energy. Sec. 3010. Report to Congress. Sec. 3011. Authorization of appropriations. 
SUBPART B —GEOTHERMAL EXPLORATION  Sec. 3012. Geothermal exploration test projects. PART III—M
ARINE HYDROKINETIC  Sec. 3013. Definition of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy. Sec. 3014. Marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy research and devel-opment. Sec. 3015. National Marine Renewable En-ergy Research, Development, and Demonstration Centers. Sec. 3016. Authorization of appropriations. PART IV—B
IOMASS  Sec. 3017. Bio-power. Subtitle B—Oil and Gas Sec. 3101. Amendments to the Methane Hy-drate Research and Develop-ment Act of 2000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.001 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES170 January 26, 2016 
Sec. 3102. Liquefied natural gas study. Sec. 3103. FERC process coordination with respect to regulatory approval of gas projects. Sec. 3104. Pilot program. Subtitle C—Helium Sec. 3201. Rights to helium. Subtitle D—Critical Minerals Sec. 3301. Definitions. Sec. 3302. Policy. Sec. 3303. Critical mineral designations. Sec. 3304. Resource assessment. Sec. 3305. Permitting. Sec. 3306. Federal Register process. Sec. 3307. Recycling, efficiency, and alter-natives. Sec. 3308. Analysis and forecasting. Sec. 3309. Education and workforce. Sec. 3310. National geological and geo-physical data preservation pro-gram. Sec. 3311. Administration. Sec. 3312. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle E—Coal Sec. 3401. Fossil energy. Sec. 3402. Establishment of coal technology program. Subtitle F—Nuclear Sec. 3501. Report on fusion and fission reac-tor prototypes. Sec. 3502. Next generation nuclear plant project. Subtitle G—Workforce Development Sec. 3601. 21st Century Energy Workforce Advisory Board. Sec. 3602. Energy workforce pilot grant pro-gram. Subtitle H—Recycling Sec. 3701. Recycled carbon fiber. Sec. 3702. Energy generation and regulatory relief study regarding recovery and conversion of nonrecycled mixed plastics. Sec. 3703. Eligible projects. TITLE IV—ACCOUNTABILITY Subtitle A—Loan Programs Sec. 4001. Terms and conditions for incen-tives for innovative tech-nologies. Sec. 4002. State loan eligibility. Sec. 4003. GAO Study on fossil loan guar-antee incentive program. Sec. 4004. Program eligibility for vessels. Sec. 4005. Additional reforms. Sec. 4006. Department of Energy Indian en-ergy education planning and management assistance pro-gram. Subtitle B—Energy-Water Nexus Sec. 4101. Nexus of energy and water for sus-tainability. Sec. 4102. Smart energy and water efficiency pilot program. Subtitle C—Innovation Sec. 4201. America COMPETES programs. Sec. 4202. Inclusion of early stage tech-nology demonstration in au-thorized technology transfer activities. Sec. 4203. Supporting access of small busi-ness concerns to National Lab-oratories. Sec. 4204. Microlab technology commer-cialization. Subtitle D—Grid Reliability Sec. 4301. Bulk-power system reliability im-pact statement. Sec. 4302. Report by transmission organiza-tions on diversity of supply. Subtitle E—Management Sec. 4401. Federal land management. Sec. 4402. Quadrennial Energy Review. Sec. 4403. State oversight of oil and gas pro-grams. Sec. 4404. Under Secretary for Science and Energy. Subtitle F—Markets Sec. 4501. Enhanced information on critical energy supplies. Sec. 4502. Working Group on Energy Mar-kets. Sec. 4503. Study of regulatory framework for energy markets. Subtitle G—Affordability Sec. 4601. E-prize competition pilot pro-gram. Subtitle H—Code Maintenance Sec. 4701. Repeal of off-highway motor vehi-cles study. Sec. 4702. Repeal of methanol study. Sec. 4703. Repeal of authorization of appro-priations provision. Sec. 4704. Repeal of residential energy effi-ciency standards study. Sec. 4705. Repeal of weatherization study. Sec. 4706. Repeal of report to Congress. Sec. 4707. Repeal of report by General Serv-ices Administration. Sec. 4708. Repeal of intergovernmental en-ergy management planning and coordination workshops. Sec. 4709. Repeal of Inspector General audit survey and President’s Council on Integrity and Efficiency re-port to Congress. Sec. 4710. Repeal of procurement and identi-fication of energy efficient products program. Sec. 4711. Repeal of national action plan for demand response. Sec. 4712. Repeal of national coal policy study. Sec. 4713. Repeal of study on compliance problem of small electric util-ity systems. Sec. 4714. Repeal of study of socioeconomic impacts of increased coal pro-duction and other energy devel-opment. Sec. 4715. Repeal of study of the use of pe-troleum and natural gas in combustors. Sec. 4716. Repeal of submission of reports. 
Sec. 4717. Repeal of electric utility con-servation plan. Sec. 4718. Emergency Energy Conservation repeals. Sec. 4719. Energy Security Act repeals. Sec. 4720. Nuclear Safety Research, Develop-ment, and Demonstration Act of 1980 repeals. Sec. 4721. Elimination and consolidation of certain America COMPETES programs. Sec. 4722. Repeal of state utility regulatory assistance. Sec. 4723. Repeal of survey of energy saving potential. Sec. 4724. Repeal of photovoltaic energy pro-gram. Sec. 4725. Repeal of energy auditor training and certification. Sec. 4726. Repeal of authorization of appro-priations. Sec. 4727. Repeal of Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Technology Competitiveness Act of 1989. Sec. 4728. Repeal of hydrogen research, de-velopment, and demonstration program. Sec. 4729. Repeal of study on alternative fuel use in nonroad vehicles and en-gines. Sec. 4730. Repeal of low interest loan pro-gram for small business fleet purchases. Sec. 4731. Repeal of technical and policy analysis for replacement fuel demand and supply informa-tion. Sec. 4732. Repeal of 1992 Report on Climate Change. Sec. 4733. Repeal of Director of Climate Pro-tector establishment. Sec. 4734. Repeal of 1994 report on global cli-mate change emissions. Sec. 4735. Repeal of telecommuting study. Sec. 4736. Repeal of advanced buildings for 2005 program. Sec. 4737. Repeal of Energy Research, Devel-opment, Demonstration, and Commercial Application Advi-sory Board. Sec. 4738. Repeal of study on use of energy futures for fuel purchase. Sec. 4739. Repeal of energy subsidy study. TITLE V—CONSERVATION REAUTHORIZATION Sec. 5001. National Park Service Mainte-nance and Revitalization Con-servation Fund. Sec. 5002. Land and Water Conservation Fund. Sec. 5003. Historic Preservation Fund. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Energy. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. TITLE I—EFFICIENCY Subtitle A—Buildings 
SEC. 1001. GREATER ENERGY EFFICIENCY IN BUILDING CODES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 303 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6832) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (14) and inserting the following: ‘‘(14) M
ODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODE .—The term ‘model building energy code’ means a voluntary building energy code and stand-ards developed and updated through a con-sensus process among interested persons, such as the IECC or the code used by— ‘‘(A) the Council of American Building Of-ficials, or its legal successor, International Code Council, Inc.; ‘‘(B) the American Society of Heating, Re-frigerating, and Air-Conditioning Engineers; or ‘‘(C) other appropriate organizations.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) IECC.—The term ‘IECC’ means the International Energy Conservation Code. ‘‘(18) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 4 of the Native American Housing As-sistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103).’’. (b) S
TATE BUILDING ENERGY EFFICIENCY  C
ODES .—Section 304 of the Energy Conserva-tion and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6833) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 304. UPDATING STATE BUILDING ENERGY EFFICIENCY CODES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) encourage and support the adoption of building energy codes by States, Indian tribes, and, as appropriate, by local govern-ments that meet or exceed the model build-ing energy codes, or achieve equivalent or greater energy savings; and ‘‘(2) support full compliance with the State and local codes. ‘‘(b) S
TATE AND INDIAN TRIBE CERTIFI -
CATION OF BUILDING ENERGY CODEUPDATES .— ‘‘(1) R
EVIEW AND UPDATING OF CODES BY  
EACH STATE AND INDIAN TRIBE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which a model building en-ergy code is updated, each State or Indian tribe shall certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respectively, has reviewed and updated the energy provisions of the building code of the State or Indian tribe, re-spectively. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S171 January 26, 2016 
‘‘(B) D EMONSTRATION .—The certification shall include a demonstration of whether or not the energy savings for the code provi-sions that are in effect throughout the State or Indian tribal territory meet or exceed— ‘‘(i) the energy savings of the updated model building energy code; or ‘‘(ii) the targets established under section 307(b)(2). ‘‘(C) N
O MODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODE UP -
DATE .—If a model building energy code is not updated by a target date established under section 307(b)(2)(D), each State or Indian tribe shall, not later than 2 years after the specified date, certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respectively, has re-viewed and updated the energy provisions of the building code of the State or Indian tribe, respectively, to meet or exceed the target in section 307(b)(2). ‘‘(2) V
ALIDATION BY SECRETARY .—Not later than 90 days after a State or Indian tribe certification under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(A) determine whether the code provi-sions of the State or Indian tribe, respec-tively, meet the criteria specified in para-graph (1); and ‘‘(B) if the determination is positive, vali-date the certification. ‘‘(c) I
MPROVEMENTS IN COMPLIANCE WITH B
UILDING ENERGY CODES .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of a certification under sub-section (b), each State and Indian tribe shall certify whether or not the State and Indian tribe, respectively, has— ‘‘(i) achieved full compliance under para-graph (3) with the applicable certified State and Indian tribe building energy code or with the associated model building energy code; or ‘‘(ii) made significant progress under para-graph (4) toward achieving compliance with the applicable certified State and Indian tribe building energy code or with the associ-ated model building energy code. ‘‘(B) R
EPEAT CERTIFICATIONS .—If the State or Indian tribe certifies progress toward achieving compliance, the State or Indian tribe shall repeat the certification until the State or Indian tribe certifies that the State or Indian tribe has achieved full compliance, respectively. ‘‘(2) M
EASUREMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A cer- tification under paragraph (1) shall include documentation of the rate of compliance based on— ‘‘(A) independent inspections of a random sample of the buildings covered by the code in the preceding year; or ‘‘(B) an alternative method that yields an accurate measure of compliance. ‘‘(3) A
CHIEVEMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A State or Indian tribe shall be considered to achieve full compliance under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) at least 90 percent of building space covered by the code in the preceding year substantially meets all the requirements of the applicable code specified in paragraph (1), or achieves equivalent or greater energy savings level; or ‘‘(B) the estimated excess energy use of buildings that did not meet the applicable code specified in paragraph (1) in the pre-ceding year, compared to a baseline of com-parable buildings that meet this code, is not more than 5 percent of the estimated energy use of all buildings covered by this code dur-ing the preceding year. ‘‘(4) S
IGNIFICANT PROGRESS TOWARD  
ACHIEVEMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A State or In-dian tribe shall be considered to have made significant progress toward achieving com-pliance for purposes of paragraph (1) if the State or Indian tribe— ‘‘(A) has developed and is implementing a plan for achieving compliance during the 8- year-period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this paragraph, including annual targets for compliance and active training and enforcement programs; and ‘‘(B) has met the most recent target under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) VALIDATION BY SECRETARY .—Not later than 90 days after a State or Indian tribe certification under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(A) determine whether the State or In-dian tribe has demonstrated meeting the cri-teria of this subsection, including accurate measurement of compliance; and ‘‘(B) if the determination is positive, vali-date the certification. ‘‘(d) S
TATES OR INDIAN TRIBES THATDONOT A
CHIEVE COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORTING .—A State or Indian tribe that has not made a certification required under subsection (b) or (c) by the applicable deadline shall submit to the Secretary a re-port on— ‘‘(A) the status of the State or Indian tribe with respect to meeting the requirements and submitting the certification; and ‘‘(B) a plan for meeting the requirements and submitting the certification. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SUPPORT .—For any State or Indian tribe for which the Secretary has not validated a certification by a deadline under subsection (b) or (c), the lack of the certifi-cation may be a consideration for Federal support authorized under this section for code adoption and compliance activities. ‘‘(3) L
OCAL GOVERNMENT .—In any State or Indian tribe for which the Secretary has not validated a certification under subsection (b) or (c), a local government may be eligible for Federal support by meeting the certification requirements of subsections (b) and (c). ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORTS BY SECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall an-nually submit to Congress, and publish in the Federal Register, a report on— ‘‘(i) the status of model building energy codes; ‘‘(ii) the status of code adoption and com-pliance in the States and Indian tribes; ‘‘(iii) the implementation of this section; and ‘‘(iv) improvements in energy savings over time as a result of the targets established under section 307(b)(2). ‘‘(B) I
MPACTS .—The report shall include es-timates of impacts of past action under this section, and potential impacts of further ac-tion, on— ‘‘(i) upfront financial and construction costs, cost benefits and returns (using in-vestment analysis), and lifetime energy use for buildings; ‘‘(ii) resulting energy costs to individuals and businesses; and ‘‘(iii) resulting overall annual building ownership and operating costs. ‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO STATES AND  I
NDIAN TRIBES .—The Secretary shall provide technical assistance to States and Indian tribes to implement the goals and require-ments of this section, including procedures and technical analysis for States and Indian tribes— ‘‘(1) to improve and implement State resi-dential and commercial building energy codes; ‘‘(2) to demonstrate that the code provi-sions of the States and Indian tribes achieve equivalent or greater energy savings than the model building energy codes and targets; ‘‘(3) to document the rate of compliance with a building energy code; and ‘‘(4) to otherwise promote the design and construction of energy efficient buildings. ‘‘(f) A
VAILABILITY OF INCENTIVE FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide incentive funding to States and Indian tribes— ‘‘(A) to implement the requirements of this section; ‘‘(B) to improve and implement residential and commercial building energy codes, in-cluding increasing and verifying compliance with the codes and training of State, local, and tribal building code officials to imple-ment and enforce the codes; and ‘‘(C) to promote building energy efficiency through the use of the codes. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—Additional funding shall be provided under this sub-section for implementation of a plan to achieve and document full compliance with residential and commercial building energy codes under subsection (c)— ‘‘(A) to a State or Indian tribe for which the Secretary has validated a certification under subsection (b) or (c); and ‘‘(B) in a State or Indian tribe that is not eligible under subparagraph (A), to a local government that is eligible under this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) T
RAINING .—Of the amounts made available under this subsection, the State or Indian tribe may use amounts required, but not to exceed $750,000 for a State, to train State and local building code officials to im-plement and enforce codes described in para-graph (2). ‘‘(4) L
OCAL GOVERNMENTS .—States may share grants under this subsection with local governments that implement and enforce the codes. ‘‘(g) S
TRETCH CODES AND ADVANCED STAND -
ARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide technical and financial support for the development of stretch codes and advanced standards for residential and commercial buildings for use as— ‘‘(A) an option for adoption as a building energy code by State, local, or tribal govern-ments; and ‘‘(B) guidelines for energy-efficient build-ing design. ‘‘(2) T
ARGETS .—The stretch codes and ad-vanced standards shall be designed— ‘‘(A) to achieve substantial energy savings compared to the model building energy codes; and ‘‘(B) to meet targets under section 307(b), if available, at least 3 to 6 years in advance of the target years. ‘‘(h) S
TUDIES .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with building science experts from the National Laboratories and institutions of higher education, designers and builders of energy-efficient residential and commercial buildings, code officials, and other stake-holders, shall undertake a study of the feasi-bility, impact, economics, and merit of— ‘‘(1) code improvements that would require that buildings be designed, sited, and con-structed in a manner that makes the build-ings more adaptable in the future to become zero-net-energy after initial construction, as advances are achieved in energy-saving tech-nologies; ‘‘(2) code procedures to incorporate meas-ured lifetimes, not just first-year energy use, in trade-offs and performance calculations; and ‘‘(3) legislative options for increasing en-ergy savings from building energy codes, in-cluding additional incentives for effective State and local action, and verification of compliance with and enforcement of a code other than by a State or local government. ‘‘(i) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS.—Nothing in this section or section 307 supersedes or modifies the application of sections 321 through 346 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES172 January 26, 2016 
‘‘(j) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section and section 307 $200,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. (c) F
EDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFICIENCY  S
TANDARDS .—Section 305 of the Energy Con-servation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834) is amended by striking ‘‘voluntary building energy code’’ each place it appears in sub-sections (a)(2)(B) and (b) and inserting ‘‘model building energy code’’. (d) M
ODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODES .—Sec- tion 307 of the Energy Conservation and Pro-duction Act (42 U.S.C. 6836) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 307. SUPPORT FOR MODEL BUILDING EN-ERGY CODES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall sup-port the updating of model building energy codes. ‘‘(b) T
ARGETS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sup-port the updating of the model building en-ergy codes to enable the achievement of ag-gregate energy savings targets established under paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) T
ARGETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall work with States, local governments, and In-dian tribes, nationally recognized code and standards developers, and other interested parties to support the updating of model building energy codes by establishing one or more aggregate energy savings targets to achieve the purposes of this section. ‘‘(B) S
EPARATE TARGETS .—The Secretary may establish separate targets for commer-cial and residential buildings. ‘‘(C) B
ASELINES .—The baseline for updating model building energy codes shall be the 2009 IECC for residential buildings and ASHRAE Standard 90.1–2010 for commercial buildings. ‘‘(D) S
PECIFIC YEARS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Targets for specific years shall be established and revised by the Sec-retary through rulemaking and coordinated with nationally recognized code and stand-ards developers at a level that— ‘‘(I) is at the maximum level of energy effi-ciency that is technologically feasible and life-cycle cost effective, while accounting for the economic considerations under para-graph (4); ‘‘(II) is higher than the preceding target; and ‘‘(III) promotes the achievement of com-mercial and residential high-performance buildings through high-performance energy efficiency (within the meaning of section 401 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17061)). ‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL TARGETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this clause, the Secretary shall establish initial targets under this subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) D
IFFERENT TARGET YEARS .—Subject to clause (i), prior to the applicable year, the Secretary may set a later target year for any of the model building energy codes described in subparagraph (A) if the Secretary deter-mines that a target cannot be met. ‘‘(iv) S
MALL BUSINESS .—When establishing targets under this paragraph through rule-making, the Secretary shall ensure compli-ance with the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (5 U.S.C. 601 note; Public Law 104–121). ‘‘(3) A
PPLIANCE STANDARDS AND OTHER FAC -
TORS AFFECTING BUILDING ENERGY USE .—In es- tablishing building code targets under para-graph (2), the Secretary shall develop and ad-just the targets in recognition of potential savings and costs relating to— ‘‘(A) efficiency gains made in appliances, lighting, windows, insulation, and building envelope sealing; ‘‘(B) advancement of distributed genera-tion and on-site renewable power generation technologies; ‘‘(C) equipment improvements for heating, cooling, and ventilation systems; ‘‘(D) building management systems and SmartGrid technologies to reduce energy use; and ‘‘(E) other technologies, practices, and building systems that the Secretary con-siders appropriate regarding building plug load and other energy uses. ‘‘(4) ECONOMIC CONSIDERATIONS .—In estab- lishing and revising building code targets under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall con-sider the economic feasibility of achieving the proposed targets established under this section and the potential costs and savings for consumers and building owners, including a return on investment analysis. ‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO MODEL  B
UILDING ENERGY CODE-SETTING AND STAND -
ARDDEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, on a timely basis, provide technical assistance to model building energy code-setting and standard development organizations con-sistent with the goals of this section. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE .—The assistance shall in-clude, as requested by the organizations, technical assistance in— ‘‘(A) evaluating code or standards pro-posals or revisions; ‘‘(B) building energy analysis and design tools; ‘‘(C) building demonstrations; ‘‘(D) developing definitions of energy use intensity and building types for use in model building energy codes to evaluate the effi-ciency impacts of the model building energy codes; ‘‘(E) performance-based standards; ‘‘(F) evaluating economic considerations under subsection (b)(4); and ‘‘(G) developing model building energy codes by Indian tribes in accordance with tribal law. ‘‘(3) A
MENDMENT PROPOSALS .—The Sec-retary may submit timely model building energy code amendment proposals to the model building energy code-setting and standard development organizations, with supporting evidence, sufficient to enable the model building energy codes to meet the tar-gets established under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(4) A
NALYSIS METHODOLOGY .—The Sec-retary shall make publicly available the en-tire calculation methodology (including input assumptions and data) used by the Sec-retary to estimate the energy savings of code or standard proposals and revisions. ‘‘(d) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) R
EVISION OF MODEL BUILDING ENERGY  
CODES .—If the provisions of the IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 regarding building energy use are revised, the Secretary shall make a preliminary determination not later than 90 days after the date of the revision, and a final determination not later than 15 months after the date of the revision, on whether or not the revision will— ‘‘(A) improve energy efficiency in buildings compared to the existing model building en-ergy code; and ‘‘(B) meet the applicable targets under sub-section (b)(2). ‘‘(2) C
ODES OR STANDARDS NOT MEETING TAR -
GETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary makes a preliminary determination under para-graph (1)(B) that a code or standard does not meet the targets established under sub-section (b)(2), the Secretary may at the same time provide the model building energy code or standard developer with proposed changes that would result in a model building energy code that meets the targets and with sup-porting evidence, taking into consider-ation— ‘‘(i) whether the modified code is tech-nically feasible and life-cycle cost effective; ‘‘(ii) available appliances, technologies, materials, and construction practices; and ‘‘(iii) the economic considerations under subsection (b)(4). ‘‘(B) INCORPORATION OF CHANGES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On receipt of the pro-posed changes, the model building energy code or standard developer shall have an ad-ditional 270 days to accept or reject the pro-posed changes of the Secretary to the model building energy code or standard for the Sec-retary to make a final determination. ‘‘(ii) F
INAL DETERMINATION .—A final deter-mination under paragraph (1) shall be on the modified model building energy code or standard. ‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) publish notice of targets and sup-porting analysis and determinations under this section in the Federal Register to pro-vide an explanation of and the basis for such actions, including any supporting modeling, data, assumptions, protocols, and cost-ben-efit analysis, including return on invest-ment; and ‘‘(2) provide an opportunity for public com-ment on targets and supporting analysis and determinations under this section. ‘‘(f) V
OLUNTARY CODES AND STANDARDS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, any model building code or standard established under section 304 shall not be binding on a State, local government, or In-dian tribe as a matter of Federal law.’’. 
SEC. 1002. BUDGET-NEUTRAL DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM FOR ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION IMPROVEMENTS AT MULTIFAMILY RESIDENTIAL UNITS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall es-tablish a demonstration program under which, during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, and ending on September 30, 2018, the Secretary may enter into budget-neutral, performance-based agreements that result in a reduction in en-ergy or water costs with such entities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate under which the entities shall carry out projects for energy or water conservation improvements at not more than 20,000 resi-dential units in multifamily buildings par-ticipating in— (1) the project-based rental assistance pro-gram under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), other than assistance provided under section 8(o) of that Act; (2) the supportive housing for the elderly program under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); or (3) the supportive housing for persons with disabilities program under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2)). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) P
AYMENTS CONTINGENT ON SAVINGS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide to an entity a payment under an agree-ment under this section only during applica-ble years for which an energy or water cost savings is achieved with respect to the appli-cable multifamily portfolio of properties, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with subparagraph (B). (B) P
AYMENT METHODOLOGY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Each agreement under this section shall include a pay-for-success provision— (I) that will serve as a payment threshold for the term of the agreement; and (II) pursuant to which the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall share 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S173 January 26, 2016 
a percentage of the savings at a level deter-mined by the Secretary that is sufficient to cover the administrative costs of carrying out this section. (ii) L
IMITATIONS .—A payment made by the Secretary under an agreement under this section shall— (I) be contingent on documented utility savings; and (II) not exceed the utility savings achieved by the date of the payment, and not pre-viously paid, as a result of the improvements made under the agreement. (C) T
HIRD PARTY VERIFICATION .—Savings payments made by the Secretary under this section shall be based on a measurement and verification protocol that includes at least— (i) establishment of a weather-normalized and occupancy-normalized utility consump-tion baseline established preretrofit; (ii) annual third party confirmation of ac-tual utility consumption and cost for owner- paid utilities; (iii) annual third party validation of the tenant utility allowances in effect during the applicable year and vacancy rates for each unit type; and (iv) annual third party determination of savings to the Secretary. (2) T
ERM.—The term of an agreement under this section shall be not longer than 12 years. (3) E
NTITY ELIGIBILITY .—The Secretary shall— (A) establish a competitive process for en-tering into agreements under this section; and (B) enter into such agreements only with entities that demonstrate significant experi-ence relating to— (i) financing and operating properties re-ceiving assistance under a program described in subsection (a); (ii) oversight of energy and water con-servation programs, including oversight of contractors; and (iii) raising capital for energy and water conservation improvements from charitable organizations or private investors. (4) G
EOGRAPHICAL DIVERSITY .—Each agree-ment entered into under this section shall provide for the inclusion of properties with the greatest feasible regional and State vari-ance. (c) P
LAN AND REPORTS .— (1) P
LAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a detailed plan for the implementation of this section. (2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall— (A) conduct an evaluation of the program under this section; and (B) submit to Congress a report describing each evaluation conducted under subpara-graph (A). (d) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year during which an agreement under this section is in effect, the Secretary may use to carry out this section any funds appropriated to the Secretary for the renewal of contracts under a program described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 1003. COORDINATION OF ENERGY RETRO-FITTING ASSISTANCE FOR SCHOOLS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SCHOOL .—In this section, the term ‘‘school’’ means— (1) an elementary school or secondary school (as defined in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); (2) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 102(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a)); (3) a school of the defense dependents’ edu-cation system under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.) or established under section 2164 of title 10, United States Code; (4) a school operated by the Bureau of In-dian Affairs; (5) a tribally controlled school (as defined in section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511)); and (6) a Tribal College or University (as de-fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))). (b) DESIGNATION OF LEAD AGENCY .—The Secretary, acting through the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, shall act as the lead Federal agency for coordi-nating and disseminating information on ex-isting Federal programs and assistance that may be used to help initiate, develop, and fi-nance energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out coordi-nation and outreach under subsection (b), the Secretary shall— (1) in consultation and coordination with the appropriate Federal agencies, carry out a review of existing programs and financing mechanisms (including revolving loan funds and loan guarantees) available in or from the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Energy, the Department of Education, the Department of the Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, and other appropriate Federal agencies with jurisdiction over energy fi-nancing and facilitation that are currently used or may be used to help initiate, develop, and finance energy efficiency, renewable en-ergy, and energy retrofitting projects for schools; (2) establish a Federal cross-departmental collaborative coordination, education, and outreach effort to streamline communica-tion and promote available Federal opportu-nities and assistance described in paragraph (1) for energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects that enables States, local educational agencies, and schools— (A) to use existing Federal opportunities more effectively; and (B) to form partnerships with Governors, State energy programs, local educational, fi-nancial, and energy officials, State and local government officials, nonprofit organiza-tions, and other appropriate entities to sup-port the initiation of the projects; (3) provide technical assistance for States, local educational agencies, and schools to help develop and finance energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects— (A) to increase the energy efficiency of buildings or facilities; (B) to install systems that individually generate energy from renewable energy re-sources; (C) to establish partnerships to leverage economies of scale and additional financing mechanisms available to larger clean energy initiatives; or (D) to promote— (i) the maintenance of health, environ-mental quality, and safety in schools, includ-ing the ambient air quality, through energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy ret-rofit projects; and (ii) the achievement of expected energy savings and renewable energy production through proper operations and maintenance practices; (4) develop and maintain a single online re-source website with contact information for relevant technical assistance and support staff in the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for States, local edu-cational agencies, and schools to effectively access and use Federal opportunities and as-sistance described in paragraph (1) to de-velop energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects; and (5) establish a process for recognition of schools that— (A) have successfully implemented energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy ret-rofitting projects; and (B) are willing to serve as resources for other local educational agencies and schools to assist initiation of similar efforts. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the implementation of this section. 
SEC. 1004. ENERGY EFFICIENCY RETROFIT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPLICANT .—The term ‘‘applicant’’ means a nonprofit organization that applies for a grant under this section. (2) E
NERGY -EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘energy-effi-ciency improvement’’ means an installed measure (including a product, equipment, system, service, or practice) that results in a reduction in use by a nonprofit organization for energy or fuel supplied from outside the nonprofit building. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘energy-effi-ciency improvement’’ includes an installed measure described in subparagraph (A) in-volving— (i) repairing, replacing, or installing— (I) a roof or lighting system, or component of a roof or lighting system; (II) a window; (III) a door, including a security door; or (IV) a heating, ventilation, or air condi-tioning system or component of the system (including insulation and wiring and plumb-ing improvements needed to serve a more ef-ficient system); (ii) a renewable energy generation or heat-ing system, including a solar, photovoltaic, wind, geothermal, or biomass (including wood pellet) system or component of the sys-tem; and (iii) any other measure taken to mod-ernize, renovate, or repair a nonprofit build-ing to make the nonprofit building more en-ergy efficient. (3) N
ONPROFIT BUILDING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘nonprofit building’’ means a building operated and owned by a nonprofit organization. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘nonprofit building’’ includes a building described in subparagraph (A) that is— (i) a hospital; (ii) a youth center; (iii) a school; (iv) a social-welfare program facility; (v) a faith-based organization; and (vi) any other nonresidential and non-commercial structure. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program to award grants for the purpose of retrofitting nonprofit buildings with energy-efficiency improvements. (c) G
RANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may award grants under the program established under subsection (b). (2) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary may award a grant under this section if an appli-cant submits to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and containing such information as the Secretary may pre-scribe. (3) C
RITERIA FOR GRANT .—In determining whether to award a grant under this section, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES174 January 26, 2016 
the Secretary shall apply performance-based criteria, which shall give priority to applica-tions based on— (A) the energy savings achieved; (B) the cost-effectiveness of the energy-ef-ficiency improvement; (C) an effective plan for evaluation, meas-urement, and verification of energy savings; (D) the financial need of the applicant; and (E) the percentage of the matching con-tribution by the applicant. (4) L
IMITATION ON INDIVIDUAL GRANT  
AMOUNT .—Each grant awarded under this sec-tion shall not exceed— (A) an amount equal to 50 percent of the energy-efficiency improvement; and (B) $200,000. (5) C
OST SHARING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under this section shall be subject to a minimum non-Federal cost-sharing requirement of 50 percent. (B) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Fed-eral share may be provided in the form of in- kind contributions of materials or services. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 1005. UTILITY ENERGY SERVICE CON-TRACTS. 
Section 546 of the National Energy Con-servation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8256) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) U
TILITY ENERGY SERVICE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal agency may use, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, measures provided by law to meet energy efficiency and conservation mandates and laws, including through utility energy service contracts. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACT PERIOD .—The term of a util-ity energy service contract entered into by a Federal agency may have a contract period that extends beyond 10 years, but not to ex-ceed 25 years. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The conditions of a utility energy service contract entered into by a Federal agency shall include require-ments for measurement, verification, and performance assurances or guarantees of the savings.’’. 
SEC. 1006. USE OF ENERGY AND WATER EFFI-CIENCY MEASURES IN FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) E NERGY MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS .— Section 543(f)(4) of the National Energy Con-servation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253(f)(4)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
EASURES NOT IMPLEMENTED .—Each energy manager, as part of the certification system under paragraph (7) and using guide-lines developed by the Secretary, shall pro-vide an explanation regarding any life-cycle cost-effective measures described in subpara-graph (A)(i) that have not been imple-mented.’’. (b) R
EPORTS .—Section 548(b) of the Na-tional Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8258(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) the status of the energy savings performance contracts and utility energy service contracts of each agency; ‘‘(B) the investment value of the contracts; ‘‘(C) the guaranteed energy savings for the previous year as compared to the actual en-ergy savings for the previous year; ‘‘(D) the plan for entering into the con-tracts in the coming year; and ‘‘(E) information explaining why any pre-viously submitted plans for the contracts were not implemented.’’. (c) DEFINITION OF ENERGY CONSERVATION  M
EASURES .—Section 551(4) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8259(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘or retrofit activities’’ and inserting ‘‘retrofit activities, or energy consuming devices and required support structures’’. (d) A
UTHORITY TOENTER INTO CON-
TRACTS .—Section 801(a)(2)(F) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287(a)(2)(F)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) limit the recognition of operation and maintenance savings associated with systems modernized or replaced with the im-plementation of energy conservation meas-ures, water conservation measures, or any combination of energy conservation meas-ures and water conservation measures.’’. (e) M
ISCELLANEOUS AUTHORITY .—Section 801(a)(2) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) M
ISCELLANEOUS AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a Fed-eral agency may sell or transfer energy sav-ings and apply the proceeds of the sale or transfer to fund a contract under this title.’’. (f) P
AYMENT OF COSTS.—Section 802 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287a) is amended by striking ‘‘(and related operation and maintenance ex-penses)’’ and inserting ‘‘, including related operations and maintenance expenses’’. (g) D
EFINITION OF FEDERAL BUILDING .—Sec- tion 551(6) of the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8259(6)) is amended by striking the semicolon at the end and in-serting ‘‘the term does not include a dam, reservoir, or hydropower facility owned or operated by a Federal agency;’’. (h) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY SAVINGS .—Sec- tion 804(2) of the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287c(2)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘feder-ally owned building or buildings or other fed-erally owned facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘Fed-eral building (as defined in section 551)’’ each place it appears; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) the use, sale, or transfer of energy in-centives, rebates, or credits (including re-newable energy credits) from Federal, State, or local governments or utilities; and ‘‘(F) any revenue generated from a reduc-tion in energy or water use, more efficient waste recycling, or additional energy gen-erated from more efficient equipment.’’. 
SEC. 1007. BUILDING TRAINING AND ASSESS-MENT CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide grants to institutions of higher edu-cation (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) and Tribal Colleges or Universities (as defined in section 316(b) of that Act (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))) to establish building training and assess-ment centers— (1) to identify opportunities for optimizing energy efficiency and environmental per-formance in buildings; (2) to promote the application of emerging concepts and technologies in commercial and institutional buildings; (3) to train engineers, architects, building scientists, building energy permitting and enforcement officials, and building techni-cians in energy-efficient design and oper-ation; (4) to assist institutions of higher edu-cation and Tribal Colleges or Universities in training building technicians; (5) to promote research and development for the use of alternative energy sources and distributed generation to supply heat and power for buildings, particularly energy-in-tensive buildings; and (6) to coordinate with and assist State-ac-credited technical training centers, commu-nity colleges, Tribal Colleges or Universities, and local offices of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture and ensure appropriate services are provided under this section to each region of the United States. (b) COORDINATION AND NONDUPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate the program with the industrial re-search and assessment centers program and with other Federal programs to avoid dupli-cation of effort. (2) C
OLLOCATION .—To the maximum extent practicable, building, training, and assess-ment centers established under this section shall be collocated with Industrial Assess-ment Centers. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 1008. CAREER SKILLS TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pay grants to eligible entities described in sub-section (b) to pay the Federal share of asso-ciated career skills training programs under which students concurrently receive class-room instruction and on-the-job training for the purpose of obtaining an industry-related certification to install energy efficient build-ings technologies, including technologies de-scribed in section 307(b)(3) of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6836(b)(3)). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to obtain a grant under subsection (a), an entity shall be a nonprofit partnership described in section 171(e)(2)(B)(ii) of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2916(e)(2)(B)(ii)). (c) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of carrying out a career skills train-ing program described in subsection (a) shall be 50 percent. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 1009. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAV-ING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
Section 543 of the National Energy Con-servation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) F
EDERAL IMPLEMENTATION STRATEGY  
FOR ENERGY -EFFICIENT AND ENERGY -SAVING  I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘information technology’ has the meaning given the term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION  
STRATEGY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, each Federal agency shall collaborate with the Di-rector to develop an implementation strat-egy (including best-practices and measure-ment and verification techniques) for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S175 January 26, 2016 
maintenance, purchase, and use by the Fed-eral agency of energy-efficient and energy- saving information technologies. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION .—In developing an im-plementation strategy, each Federal agency shall consider— ‘‘(A) advanced metering infrastructure; ‘‘(B) energy efficient data center strategies and methods of increasing asset and infra-structure utilization; ‘‘(C) advanced power management tools; ‘‘(D) building information modeling, in-cluding building energy management; and ‘‘(E) secure telework and travel substi-tution tools. ‘‘(4) P
ERFORMANCE GOALS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2015, the Director, in consultation with the Secretary, shall establish perform-ance goals for evaluating the efforts of Fed-eral agencies in improving the maintenance, purchase, and use of energy-efficient and en-ergy-saving information technology systems. ‘‘(B) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Chief Informa-tion Officers Council established under sec-tion 3603 of title 44, United States Code, shall supplement the performance goals estab-lished under this paragraph with rec-ommendations on best practices for the at-tainment of the performance goals, to in-clude a requirement for agencies to consider the use of— ‘‘(i) energy savings performance con-tracting; and ‘‘(ii) utility energy services contracting. ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(A) A
GENCY REPORTS .—Each Federal agen-cy subject to the requirements of this sub-section shall include in the report of the agency under section 527 of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17143) a description of the efforts and results of the agency under this subsection. ‘‘(B) OMB 
GOVERNMENT EFFICIENCY REPORTS  
AND SCORECARDS .—Effective beginning not later than October 1, 2015, the Director shall include in the annual report and scorecard of the Director required under section 528 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17144) a description of the ef-forts and results of Federal agencies under this subsection. ‘‘(C) U
SE OF EXISTING REPORTING STRUC -
TURES .—The Director may require Federal agencies to submit any information required to be submitted under this subsection though reporting structures in use as of the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act of 2016.’’. 
SEC. 1010. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR DESIGN UPDATES. 
Section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) through (h) as subsections (e) through (i), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR DESIGN  U
PDATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), for any project for which congressional ap-proval is received under subsection (a) and for which the design has been substantially completed but construction has not begun, the Administrator of General Services may use appropriated funds to update the project design to meet applicable Federal building energy efficiency standards established under section 305 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834) and other requirements established under section 3312. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The use of funds under paragraph (1) shall not exceed 125 percent of the estimated energy or other cost savings associated with the updates as determined by a life cycle cost analysis under section 544 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8254).’’. SEC. 1011. ENERGY EFFICIENT DATA CENTERS. 
Section 453 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17112) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D)(iv), by striking ‘‘the organization’’ and inserting ‘‘an organi-zation’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) by striking subsections (c) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDER INVOLVEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Administrator shall carry out subsection (b) in consultation with the information tech-nology industry and other key stakeholders, with the goal of producing results that accu-rately reflect the best knowledge in the most pertinent domains. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out con-sultation described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary and the Administrator shall pay par-ticular attention to organizations that— ‘‘(A) have members with expertise in en-ergy efficiency and in the development, oper-ation, and functionality of data centers, in-formation technology equipment, and soft-ware, including representatives of hardware manufacturers, data center operators, and facility managers; ‘‘(B) obtain and address input from the Na-tional Laboratories (as that term is defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)) or any institution of higher education, research institution, industry as-sociation, company, or public interest group with applicable expertise; ‘‘(C) follow— ‘‘(i) commonly accepted procedures for the development of specifications; and ‘‘(ii) accredited standards development processes; or ‘‘(D) have a mission to promote energy effi-ciency for data centers and information technology. ‘‘(d) M
EASUREMENTS AND SPECIFICATIONS .— The Secretary and the Administrator shall consider and assess the adequacy of the spec-ifications, measurements, and benchmarks described in subsection (b) for use by the Federal Energy Management Program, the Energy Star Program, and other efficiency programs of the Department of Energy or the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(e) S
TUDY .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, shall make available to the public an update to the report submitted to Congress pursu-ant to section 1 of the Act of December 20, 2006 (Public Law 109–431; 120 Stat. 2920), enti-tled ‘Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency’ and dated August 2, 2007, that provides— ‘‘(1) a comparison and gap analysis of the estimates and projections contained in the original report with new data regarding the period from 2007 through 2014; ‘‘(2) an analysis considering the impact of information technologies, including virtualization and cloud computing, in the public and private sectors; ‘‘(3) an evaluation of the impact of the combination of cloud platforms, mobile de-vices, social media, and big data on data cen-ter energy usage; ‘‘(4) an evaluation of water usage in data centers and recommendations for reductions in such water usage; and ‘‘(5) updated projections and recommenda-tions for best practices through fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(f) D
ATA CENTER ENERGY PRACTITIONER  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with key stakeholders and the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, shall maintain a data center energy practitioner program that provides for the certification of energy practitioners quali-fied to evaluate the energy usage and effi-ciency opportunities in Federal data centers. ‘‘(2) E
VALUATIONS .—Each Federal agency shall consider having the data centers of the agency evaluated once every 4 years by en-ergy practitioners certified pursuant to the program, whenever practicable using cer-tified practitioners employed by the agency. ‘‘(g) O
PENDATAINITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with key stakeholders and the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, shall establish an open data initia-tive for Federal data center energy usage data, with the purpose of making the data available and accessible in a manner that en-courages further data center innovation, op-timization, and consolidation. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In establishing the initiative under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider using the online Data Center Maturity Model. ‘‘(h) I
NTERNATIONAL SPECIFICATIONS AND  M
ETRICS .—The Secretary, in consultation with key stakeholders, shall actively partici-pate in efforts to harmonize global specifica-tions and metrics for data center energy and water efficiency. ‘‘(i) D
ATA CENTER UTILIZATION METRIC .— The Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders, shall facilitate in the develop-ment of an efficiency metric that measures the energy efficiency of a data center (in-cluding equipment and facilities). ‘‘(j) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary and the Administrator shall not disclose any proprietary informa-tion or trade secrets provided by any indi-vidual or company for the purposes of car-rying out this section or the programs and initiatives established under this section.’’. 
SEC. 1012. WEATHERIZATION ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF WEATHERIZATION  A
SSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 422 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6872) is amended by striking ‘‘appro-priated—’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘appro-priated $350,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. (b) G
RANTS FOR NEW, S ELF-SUSTAINING  L
OW-INCOME , S INGLE -FAMILY AND MULTI-
FAMILY HOUSING ENERGY RETROFIT MODEL  P
ROGRAMS TO ELIGIBLE MULTISTATE HOUSING  
ANDENERGY NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .—The Energy Conservation and Production Act is amended by inserting after section 414B (42 U.S.C. 6864b) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 414C. GRANTS FOR NEW, SELF-SUSTAINING LOW-INCOME, SINGLE-FAMILY AND MULTIFAMILY HOUSING ENERGY RETROFIT MODEL PROGRAMS TO ELIGIBLE MULTISTATE HOUSING AND ENERGY NONPROFIT ORGANI-ZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-tion are— ‘‘(1) to expand the number of low-income, single-family and multifamily homes that receive energy efficiency retrofits; ‘‘(2) to promote innovation and new models of retrofitting low-income homes through new Federal partnerships with covered orga-nizations that leverage substantial dona-tions, donated materials, volunteer labor, homeowner labor equity, and other private sector resources; ‘‘(3) to assist the covered organizations in demonstrating, evaluating, improving, and replicating widely the model low-income en-ergy retrofit programs of the covered organi-zations; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES176 January 26, 2016 
‘‘(4) to ensure that the covered organiza-tions make the energy retrofit programs of the covered organizations self-sustaining by the time grant funds have been expended. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘covered organization’ means an organiza-tion that— ‘‘(A) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under 501(a) of that Code; and ‘‘(B) has an established record of con-structing, renovating, repairing, or making energy efficient a total of not less than 250 owner-occupied, single-family or multi-family homes per year for low-income house-holds, either directly or through affiliates, chapters, or other direct partners (using the most recent year for which data are avail-able). ‘‘(2) L
OW-INCOME .—The term ‘low-income’ means an income level that is not more than 200 percent of the poverty level (as deter-mined in accordance with criteria estab-lished by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget) applicable to a family of the size involved, except that the Sec-retary may establish a higher or lower level if the Secretary determines that a higher or lower level is necessary to carry out this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) W
EATHERIZATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  
FOR LOW -INCOME PERSONS .—The term ‘Weath-erization Assistance Program for Low-In-come Persons’ means the program estab-lished under this part (including part 440 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, or suc-cessor regulations). ‘‘(c) C
OMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall make grants to covered orga-nizations through a national competitive process for use in accordance with this sec-tion. ‘‘(d) A
WARD FACTORS .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary shall con-sider— ‘‘(1) the number of low-income homes the applicant— ‘‘(A) has built, renovated, repaired, or made more energy efficient as of the date of the application; and ‘‘(B) can reasonably be projected to build, renovate, repair, or make energy efficient during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the application; ‘‘(2) the qualifications, experience, and past performance of the applicant, including experience successfully managing and ad-ministering Federal funds; ‘‘(3) the number and diversity of States and climates in which the applicant works as of the date of the application; ‘‘(4) the amount of non-Federal funds, do-nated or discounted materials, discounted or volunteer skilled labor, volunteer unskilled labor, homeowner labor equity, and other re-sources the applicant will provide; ‘‘(5) the extent to which the applicant could successfully replicate the energy ret-rofit program of the applicant and sustain the program after the grant funds have been expended; ‘‘(6) regional diversity; ‘‘(7) urban, suburban, and rural localities; and ‘‘(8) such other factors as the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall request proposals from covered organizations. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—To be eligible to re-ceive a grant under this section, an applicant shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) AWARDS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of issuance of a request for pro-posals, the Secretary shall award grants under this section. ‘‘(f) E
LIGIBLE USES OF GRANT FUNDS .—A grant under this section may be used for— ‘‘(1) energy efficiency audits, cost-effective retrofit, and related activities in different climatic regions of the United States; ‘‘(2) energy efficiency materials and sup-plies; ‘‘(3) organizational capacity— ‘‘(A) to significantly increase the number of energy retrofits; ‘‘(B) to replicate an energy retrofit pro-gram in other States; and ‘‘(C) to ensure that the program is self-sus-taining after the Federal grant funds are ex-pended; ‘‘(4) energy efficiency, audit and retrofit training, and ongoing technical assistance; ‘‘(5) information to homeowners on proper maintenance and energy savings behaviors; ‘‘(6) quality control and improvement; ‘‘(7) data collection, measurement, and verification; ‘‘(8) program monitoring, oversight, eval-uation, and reporting; ‘‘(9) management and administration (up to a maximum of 10 percent of the total grant); ‘‘(10) labor and training activities; and ‘‘(11) such other activities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(g) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a grant provided under this section shall not ex-ceed— ‘‘(A) if the amount made available to carry out this section for a fiscal year is $225,000,000 or more, $5,000,000; and ‘‘(B) if the amount made available to carry out this section for a fiscal year is less than $225,000,000, $1,500,000. ‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL AND TRAINING ASSISTANCE .— The total amount of a grant provided under this section shall be reduced by the cost of any technical and training assistance pro-vided by the Secretary that relates to the grant. ‘‘(h) G
UIDELINES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue guidelines to imple-ment the grant program established under this section. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The guidelines— ‘‘(A) shall not apply to the Weatherization Assistance Program for Low-Income Per-sons, in whole or major part; but ‘‘(B) may rely on applicable provisions of law governing the Weatherization Assistance Program for Low-Income Persons to estab-lish— ‘‘(i) standards for allowable expenditures; ‘‘(ii) a minimum savings-to-investment ratio; ‘‘(iii) standards— ‘‘(I) to carry out training programs; ‘‘(II) to conduct energy audits and program activities; ‘‘(III) to provide technical assistance; ‘‘(IV) to monitor program activities; and ‘‘(V) to verify energy and cost savings; ‘‘(iv) liability insurance requirements; and ‘‘(v) recordkeeping requirements, which shall include reporting to the Office of Weatherization and Intergovernmental Pro-grams of the Department of Energy applica-ble data on each home retrofitted. ‘‘(i) R
EVIEW AND EVALUATION .—The Sec- retary shall review and evaluate the per-formance of any covered organization that receives a grant under this section (which may include an audit), as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(j) C
OMPLIANCE WITHSTATE AND LOCAL  L
AW.—Nothing in this section or any pro-gram carried out using a grant provided under this section supersedes or otherwise affects any State or local law, to the extent that the State or local law contains a re-quirement that is more stringent than the applicable requirement of this section. ‘‘(k) ANNUAL REPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress annual reports that provide— ‘‘(1) findings; ‘‘(2) a description of energy and cost sav-ings achieved and actions taken under this section; and ‘‘(3) any recommendations for further ac-tion. ‘‘(l) F
UNDING .—Of the amount of funds that are made available to carry out the Weather-ization Assistance Program for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 under section 422, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 not less than— ‘‘(1) 2 percent of the amount if the amount is less than $225,000,000; ‘‘(2) 5 percent of the amount if the amount is $225,000,000 or more but less than $260,000,000; and ‘‘(3) 10 percent of the amount if the amount is $260,000,000 or more.’’. (c) S
TANDARDS PROGRAM .—Section 415 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6865) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) S
TANDARDS PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTRACTOR QUALIFICATION .—Effective beginning January 1, 2016, to be eligible to carry out weatherization using funds made available under this part, a contractor shall be selected through a competitive bidding process and be— ‘‘(A) accredited by the Building Perform-ance Institute; ‘‘(B) an Energy Smart Home Performance Team accredited under the Residential En-ergy Services Network; or ‘‘(C) accredited by an equivalent accredita-tion or program accreditation-based State certification program approved by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(2) G
RANTS FOR ENERGY RETROFIT MODEL  
PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a grant under section 414C, a covered organi-zation (as defined in section 414C(b)) shall use a crew chief who— ‘‘(i) is certified or accredited in accordance with paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) supervises the work performed with grant funds. ‘‘(B) V
OLUNTEER LABOR .—A volunteer who performs work for a covered organization that receives a grant under section 414C shall not be required to be certified under this subsection if the volunteer is not directly in-stalling or repairing mechanical equipment or other items that require skilled labor. ‘‘(C) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall use training and technical assistance funds available to the Secretary to assist covered organizations under section 414C in providing training to obtain certification required under this subsection, including provisional or temporary certification. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM EFFICIENCY STANDARDS .—Ef- fective beginning October 1, 2016, the Sec-retary shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) each retrofit for which weatherization assistance is provided under this part meets minimum efficiency and quality of work standards established by the Secretary after weatherization of a dwelling unit; ‘‘(B) at least 10 percent of the dwelling units are randomly inspected by a third party accredited under this subsection to en-sure compliance with the minimum effi-ciency and quality of work standards estab-lished under subparagraph (A); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S177 January 26, 2016 
‘‘(C) the standards established under this subsection meet or exceed the industry standards for home performance work that are in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 1013. REAUTHORIZATION OF STATE ENERGY PROGRAM. 
Section 365(f) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6325(f)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘$125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘$90,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, of which not greater than 5 per-cent may be used to provide competitively awarded financial assistance’’. 
SEC. 1014. SMART BUILDING ACCELERATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the Federal Smart Building Program estab-lished under subsection (b)(1). (2) S
MART BUILDING .—The term ‘‘smart building’’ means a building, or collection of buildings, with an energy system that— (A) is flexible and automated; (B) has extensive operational monitoring and communication connectivity, allowing remote monitoring and analysis of all build-ing functions; (C) takes a systems-based approach in inte-grating the overall building operations for control of energy generation, consumption, and storage; (D) communicates with utilities and other third-party commercial entities, if appro-priate; and (E) is cybersecure. (3) S
MART BUILDING ACCELERATOR .—The term ‘‘smart building accelerator’’ means an initiative that is designed to demonstrate specific innovative policies and approaches— (A) with clear goals and a clear timeline; and (B) that, on successful demonstration, would accelerate investment in energy effi-ciency. (b) F
EDERAL SMART BUILDING PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to be known as the ‘‘Federal Smart Building Pro-gram’’— (A) to implement smart building tech-nology; and (B) to demonstrate the costs and benefits of smart buildings. (2) S
ELECTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate the selection of not fewer than 1 building from among each of several key Federal agencies, as described in paragraph (4), to compose an appropriately diverse set of smart buildings based on size, type, and geographic location. (B) I
NCLUSION OF COMMERCIALLY OPERATED  
BUILDINGS .—In making selections under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary may include buildings that are owned by the Federal Gov-ernment but are commercially operated. (3) T
ARGETS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish targets for the number of smart buildings to be commis-sioned and evaluated by key Federal agen-cies by 3 years and 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (4) F
EDERAL AGENCY DESCRIBED .—The key Federal agencies referred to in this sub-section shall include buildings operated by— (A) the Department of the Army; (B) the Department of the Navy; (C) the Department of the Air Force; (D) the Department; (E) the Department of the Interior; (F) the Department of Veterans Affairs; and (G) the General Services Administration. (5) REQUIREMENT .—In implementing the program, the Secretary shall leverage exist-ing financing mechanisms including energy savings performance contracts, utility en-ergy service contracts, and annual appro-priations. (6) E
VALUATION .—Using the guidelines of the Federal Energy Management Program relating to whole-building evaluation, meas-urement, and verification, the Secretary shall evaluate the costs and benefits of the buildings selected under paragraph (2), in-cluding an identification of— (A) which advanced building technologies— (i) are most cost-effective; and (ii) show the most promise for— (I) increasing building energy savings; (II) increasing service performance to building occupants; (III) reducing environmental impacts; and (IV) establishing cybersecurity; and (B) any other information the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (7) A
WARDS .—The Secretary may expand awards made under the Federal Energy Man-agement Program and the Better Building Challenge to recognize specific agency achievements in accelerating the adoption of smart building technologies. (c) S
URVEY OF PRIVATE SECTOR SMART  B
UILDINGS .— (1) S
URVEY .—The Secretary shall conduct a survey of privately owned smart buildings throughout the United States, including commercial buildings, laboratory facilities, hospitals, multifamily residential buildings, and buildings owned by nonprofit organiza-tions and institutions of higher education. (2) S
ELECTION .—From among the smart buildings surveyed under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall select not fewer than 1 build-ing each from an appropriate range of build-ing sizes, types, and geographic locations. (3) E
VALUATION .—Using the guidelines of the Federal Energy Management Program relating to whole-building evaluation, meas-urement, and verification, the Secretary shall evaluate the costs and benefits of the buildings selected under paragraph (2), in-cluding an identification of— (A) which advanced building technologies and systems— (i) are most cost-effective; and (ii) show the most promise for— (I) increasing building energy savings; (II) increasing service performance to building occupants; (III) reducing environmental impacts; and (IV) establishing cybersecurity; and (B) any other information the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (d) L
EVERAGING EXISTING PROGRAMS .— (1) B
ETTER BUILDING CHALLENGE .—As part of the Better Building Challenge of the De-partment, the Secretary, in consultation with major private sector property owners, shall develop smart building accelerators to demonstrate innovative policies and ap-proaches that will accelerate the transition to smart buildings in the public, institu-tional, and commercial buildings sectors. (2) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct research and development to address key barriers to the integration of advanced building technologies and to accelerate the transition to smart buildings. (B) I
NCLUSION .—The research and develop-ment conducted under subparagraph (A) shall include research and development on— (i) achieving whole-building, systems-level efficiency through smart system and compo-nent integration; (ii) improving physical components, such as sensors and controls, to be adaptive, an-ticipatory, and networked; (iii) reducing the cost of key components to accelerate the adoption of smart building technologies; (iv) data management, including the cap-ture and analysis of data and the interoper-ability of the energy systems; (v) protecting against cybersecurity threats and addressing security vulnerabilities of building systems or equip-ment; (vi) business models, including how busi-ness models may limit the adoption of smart building technologies and how to support transactive energy; (vii) integration and application of com-bined heat and power systems and energy storage for resiliency; (viii) characterization of buildings and components; (ix) consumer and utility protections; (x) continuous management, including the challenges of managing multiple energy sys-tems and optimizing systems for disparate stakeholders; and (xi) other areas of research and develop-ment, as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. (e) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until a total of 3 reports have been made, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on— (1) the establishment of the Federal Smart Building Program and the evaluation of Fed-eral smart buildings under subsection (b); (2) the survey and evaluation of private sector smart buildings under subsection (c); and (3) any recommendations of the Secretary to further accelerate the transition to smart buildings. 
SEC. 1015. REPEAL OF FOSSIL PHASE-OUT. 
Section 305(a)(3) of the Energy Conserva-tion and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834(a)(3)) is amended by striking subparagraph (D). 
SEC. 1016. FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFI-CIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 303 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6832) (as amended by section 1001(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘to be con-structed’’ and inserting ‘‘constructed or al-tered’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(19) M
AJOR RENOVATION .—The term ‘major renovation’ means a modification of building energy systems sufficiently extensive that the whole building can meet energy stand-ards for new buildings, based on criteria to be established by the Secretary through no-tice and comment rulemaking.’’. (b) F
EDERAL BUILDING EFFICIENCY STAND -
ARDS .—Section 305(a)(3) of the Energy Con-servation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834(a)(3)) (as amended by section 1015) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(3)(A) Not later than’’ and all that follows through subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) R
EVISED FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EF -
FICIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) R
EVISED FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EF -
FICIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, the Sec-retary shall establish, by rule, revised Fed-eral building energy efficiency performance standards that require that— ‘‘(I) new Federal buildings and alterations and additions to existing Federal buildings— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES178 January 26, 2016 
‘‘(aa) meet or exceed the most recent revi-sion of the International Energy Conserva-tion Code (in the case of residential build-ings) or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 (in the case of commercial buildings) as of the date of en-actment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016; and ‘‘(bb) meet or exceed the energy provisions of State and local building codes applicable to the building, if the codes are more strin-gent than the International Energy Con-servation Code or ASHRAE Standard 90.1, as applicable; ‘‘(II) unless demonstrated not to be life- cycle cost effective for new Federal buildings and Federal buildings with major renova-tions— ‘‘(aa) the buildings be designed to achieve energy consumption levels that are at least 30 percent below the levels established in the version of the ASHRAE Standard or the International Energy Conservation Code, as appropriate, that is applied under subclause (I)(aa), including updates under subpara-graph (B); and ‘‘(bb) sustainable design principles are ap-plied to the location, siting, design, and con-struction of all new Federal buildings and re-placement Federal buildings; ‘‘(III) if water is used to achieve energy ef-ficiency, water conservation technologies shall be applied to the extent that the tech-nologies are life-cycle cost effective; and ‘‘(IV) if life-cycle cost effective, as com-pared to other reasonably available tech-nologies, not less than 30 percent of the hot water demand for each new Federal building or Federal building undergoing a major ren-ovation be met through the installation and use of solar hot water heaters. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i)(I) shall not apply to unaltered portions of existing Fed-eral buildings and systems that have been added to or altered. ‘‘(B) U
PDATES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of approval of each subsequent revi-sion of the ASHRAE Standard or the Inter-national Energy Conservation Code, as ap-propriate, the Secretary shall determine whether the revised standards established under subparagraph (A) should be updated to reflect the revisions, based on the energy savings and life-cycle cost-effectiveness of the revisions.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(C) In the budget request’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(C) B
UDGET REQUEST .—In the budget re-quest’’. 
SEC. 1017. CODIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE ORDER. 
Beginning in fiscal year 2016 and each fis-cal year thereafter through fiscal year 2025, the head of each Federal agency shall, unless otherwise specified and where life-cycle cost- effective, promote building energy conserva-tion, efficiency, and management by reduc-ing, in Federal buildings of the agency, building energy intensity, as measured in British thermal units per gross square foot, by 2.5 percent each fiscal year, relative to the baseline of the building energy use of the applicable Federal buildings in fiscal year 2015 and after taking into account the progress of the Federal agency in preceding fiscal years. 
SEC. 1018. CERTIFICATION FOR GREEN BUILD-INGS. 
Section 305 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834) (as amended by sections 1015 and 1016(b)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) C
ERTIFICATION FOR GREEN BUILDINGS .— ‘‘(i) S
USTAINABLE DESIGN PRINCIPLES .—Sus- tainable design principles shall be applied to the siting, design, and construction of build-ings covered by this subparagraph. ‘‘(ii) SELECTION OF CERTIFICATION SYS -
TEMS .—The Secretary, after reviewing the findings of the Federal Director under sec-tion 436(h) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17092(h)), in consultation with the Administrator of Gen-eral Services, and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense relating to those facili-ties under the custody and control of the De-partment of Defense, shall determine those certification systems for green commercial and residential buildings that the Secretary determines to be the most likely to encour-age a comprehensive and environmentally sound approach to certification of green buildings. ‘‘(iii) B
ASIS FOR SELECTION .—The deter-mination of the certification systems under clause (ii) shall be based on ongoing review of the findings of the Federal Director under section 436(h) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17092(h)) and the criteria described in clause (v). ‘‘(iv) A
DMINISTRATION .—In determining cer-tification systems under this subparagraph, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) make a separate determination for all or part of each system; ‘‘(II) confirm that the criteria used to sup-port the selection of building products, ma-terials, brands, and technologies— ‘‘(aa) are fair and neutral (meaning that the criteria are based on an objective assess-ment of relevant technical data); ‘‘(bb) do not prohibit, disfavor, or discrimi-nate against selection based on technically inadequate information to inform human or environmental risk; and ‘‘(cc) are expressed to prefer performance measures whenever performance measures may reasonably be used in lieu of prescrip-tive measures; and ‘‘(III) use environmental and health cri-teria that are based on risk assessment methodology that is generally accepted by the applicable scientific disciplines. ‘‘(v) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining the green building certification systems under this subparagraph, the Secretary shall take into consideration— ‘‘(I) the ability and availability of asses-sors and auditors to independently verify the criteria and measurement of metrics at the scale necessary to implement this subpara-graph; ‘‘(II) the ability of the applicable certifi-cation organization to collect and reflect public comment; ‘‘(III) the ability of the standard to be de-veloped and revised through a consensus- based process; ‘‘(IV) an evaluation of the robustness of the criteria for a high-performance green building, which shall give credit for pro-moting— ‘‘(aa) efficient and sustainable use of water, energy, and other natural resources; ‘‘(bb) the use of renewable energy sources; ‘‘(cc) improved indoor environmental qual-ity through enhanced indoor air quality, thermal comfort, acoustics, day lighting, pollutant source control, and use of low- emission materials and building system con-trols; and ‘‘(dd) such other criteria as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; and ‘‘(V) national recognition within the build-ing industry. ‘‘(vi) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator of General Serv-ices and the Secretary of Defense, shall con-duct an ongoing review to evaluate and com-pare private sector green building certifi-cation systems, taking into account— ‘‘(I) the criteria described in clause (v); and ‘‘(II) the identification made by the Fed-eral Director under section 436(h) of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17092(h)). ‘‘(vii) EXCLUSIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), if a certification system fails to meet the re-view requirements of clause (v), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(aa) identify the portions of the system, whether prerequisites, credits, points, or otherwise, that meet the review criteria of clause (v); ‘‘(bb) determine the portions of the system that are suitable for use; and ‘‘(cc) exclude all other portions of the sys-tem from identification and use. ‘‘(II) E
NTIRE SYSTEMS .—The Secretary shall exclude an entire system from use if an ex-clusion under subclause (I)— ‘‘(aa) impedes the integrated use of the system; ‘‘(bb) creates disparate review criteria or unequal point access for competing mate-rials; or ‘‘(cc) increases agency costs of the use. ‘‘(viii) I
NTERNAL CERTIFICATION PROC -
ESSES .—The Secretary may by rule allow Federal agencies to develop internal certifi-cation processes, using certified profes-sionals, in lieu of certification by certifi-cation entities identified under clause (ii). ‘‘(ix) P
RIVATIZED MILITARY HOUSING .—With respect to privatized military housing, the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the Secretary may, through rulemaking, de-velop alternative certification systems and levels than the systems and levels identified under clause (ii) that achieve an equivalent result in terms of energy savings, sustain-able design, and green building performance. ‘‘(x) W
ATER CONSERVATION TECHNOLOGIES .— In addition to any use of water conservation technologies otherwise required by this sec-tion, water conservation technologies shall be applied to the extent that the tech-nologies are life-cycle cost-effective. ‘‘(xi) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— ‘‘(I) D
ETERMINATIONS MADE AFTER DECEM -
BER 31 , 2015.—This subparagraph shall apply to any determination made by a Federal agency after December 31, 2015. ‘‘(II) D
ETERMINATIONS MADE ON OR BEFORE  
DECEMBER 31 , 2015.—This subparagraph (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016) shall apply to any use of a cer-tification system for green commercial and residential buildings by a Federal agency on or before December 31, 2015.’’; and (2) by striking subsections (c) and (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) once every 5 years, review the Federal building energy standards established under this section; and ‘‘(2) on completion of a review under para-graph (1), if the Secretary determines that significant energy savings would result, up-grade the standards to include all new en-ergy efficiency and renewable energy meas-ures that are technologically feasible and economically justified.’’. 
SEC. 1019. HIGH PERFORMANCE GREEN FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
Section 436(h) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17092(h)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘S
YSTEM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S YSTEMS ’’; (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Based on an ongoing re-view, the Federal Director shall identify and shall provide to the Secretary pursuant to section 305(a)(3)(D) of the Energy Conserva-tion and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834(a)(3)(D)), a list of those certification systems that the Director identifies as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S179 January 26, 2016 
most likely to encourage a comprehensive and environmentally sound approach to cer-tification of green buildings.’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘system’’ and inserting ‘‘systems’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) an ongoing review provided to the Secretary pursuant to section 305(a)(3)(D) of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834(a)(3)(D)), which shall— ‘‘(i) be carried out by the Federal Director to compare and evaluate standards; and ‘‘(ii) allow any developer or administrator of a rating system or certification system to be included in the review;’’; (C) in subparagraph (E)(v), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (D) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) a finding that, for all credits address-ing grown, harvested, or mined materials, the system does not discriminate against the use of domestic products that have obtained certifications of responsible sourcing; and ‘‘(H) a finding that the system incor-porates life-cycle assessment as a credit pathway.’’. 
SEC. 1020. EVALUATION OF POTENTIALLY DUPLI-CATIVE GREEN BUILDING PRO-GRAMS WITHIN DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘administra-tive expenses’’ has the meaning given the term by the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget under section 504(b)(2) of the Energy and Water Development and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2010 (31 U.S.C. 1105 note; Public Law 111–85). (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘administrative expenses’’ includes, with respect to an agen-cy— (i) costs incurred by— (I) the agency; or (II) any grantee, subgrantee, or other re-cipient of funds from a grant program or other program administered by the agency; and (ii) expenses relating to personnel salaries and benefits, property management, travel, program management, promotion, reviews and audits, case management, and commu-nication regarding, promotion of, and out-reach for programs and program activities administered by the agency. (2) A
PPLICABLE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘ap-plicable program’’ means any program that is— (A) listed in Table 9 (pages 348–350) of the report of the Government Accountability Of-fice entitled ‘‘2012 Annual Report: Opportuni-ties to Reduce Duplication, Overlap and Fragmentation, Achieve Savings, and En-hance Revenue’’; and (B) administered by the Secretary. (3) S
ERVICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘service’’ has the meaning given the term by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), the term ‘‘service’’ shall be limited to activities, assistance, or other aid that provides a direct benefit to a recipient, such as— (i) the provision of technical assistance; (ii) assistance for housing or tuition; or (iii) financial support (including grants, loans, tax credits, and tax deductions). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2016, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available on the public Internet website of the Department a report that de-scribes the applicable programs. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) determine the approximate annual total administrative expenses of each appli-cable program; (B) determine the approximate annual ex-penditures for services for each applicable program; (C) describe the intended market for each applicable program, including the— (i) estimated the number of clients served by each applicable program; and (ii) beneficiaries who received services or information under the applicable program (if applicable and if data is readily available); (D) estimate— (i) the number of full-time employees who administer each applicable program; and (ii) the number of full-time equivalents (the salary of whom is paid in part or full by the Federal Government through a grant or contract, a subaward of a grant or contract, a cooperative agreement, or another form of financial award or assistance) who assist in administering the applicable program; (E) briefly describe the type of services each applicable program provides, such as in-formation, grants, technical assistance, loans, tax credits, or tax deductions; (F) identify the type of recipient who is in-tended to benefit from the services or infor-mation provided under the applicable pro-gram, such as individual property owners or renters, local governments, businesses, non-profit organizations, or State governments; and (G) identify whether written program goals are available for each applicable program. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than January 1, 2016, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a recommendation of whether any ap-plicable program should be eliminated or consolidated, including any legislative changes that would be necessary to elimi-nate or consolidate applicable programs; and (2) methods to improve the applicable pro-grams by establishing program goals or in-creasing collaboration to reduce any poten-tial overlap or duplication, taking into ac-count— (A) the 2011 report of the Government Ac-countability Office entitled ‘‘Federal Initia-tives for the NonFederal Sector Could Ben-efit from More Interagency Collaboration’’; and (B) the report of the Government Account-ability Office entitled ‘‘2012 Annual Report: Opportunities to Reduce Duplication, Over-lap and Fragmentation, Achieve Savings, and Enhance Revenue’’. (d) A
NALYSES .—Not later than January 1, 2016, the Secretary shall identify— (1) which applicable programs were specifi-cally authorized by Congress; and (2) which applicable programs are carried out solely under the discretionary authority of the Secretary. 
SEC. 1021. STUDY AND REPORT ON ENERGY SAV-INGS BENEFITS OF OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY PROGRAMS AND SERV-ICES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY  P
ROGRAMS AND SERVICES .—In this section, the term ‘‘operational efficiency programs and services’’ means programs and services that use information and communications technologies (including computer hardware, energy efficiency software, and power man-agement tools) to operate buildings and equipment in the optimum manner at the op-timum times. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct a study and issue a report that quantifies the potential energy savings of operational efficiency pro-grams and services for commercial, institu-tional, industrial, and governmental enti-ties, including Federal agencies. (c) MEASUREMENT AND VERIFICATION OF EN-
ERGY SAVINGS .—The report required under this section shall include potential meth-odologies or protocols for utilities, utility regulators, and Federal agencies to evaluate, measure, and verify energy savings from operational efficiency programs and services. Subtitle B—Appliances 
SEC. 1101. EXTENDED PRODUCT SYSTEM REBATE PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LECTRIC MOTOR .—The term ‘‘electric motor’’ has the meaning given the term in section 431.12 of title 10, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act). (2) E
LECTRONIC CONTROL .—The term ‘‘elec-tronic control’’ means— (A) a power converter; or (B) a combination of a power circuit and control circuit included on 1 chassis. (3) E
XTENDED PRODUCT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘extended product system’’ means an elec-tric motor and any required associated elec-tronic control and driven load that— (A) offers variable speed or multispeed op-eration; (B) offers partial load control that reduces input energy requirements (as measured in kilowatt-hours) as compared to identified base levels set by the Secretary; and (C)(i) has greater than 1 horsepower; and (ii) uses an extended product system tech-nology, as determined by the Secretary. (4) Q
UALIFIED EXTENDED PRODUCT SYSTEM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘qualified ex-tended product system’’ means an extended product system that— (i) includes an electric motor and an elec-tronic control; and (ii) reduces the input energy (as measured in kilowatt-hours) required to operate the extended product system by not less than 5 percent, as compared to identified base lev-els set by the Secretary. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘qualified ex-tended product system’’ includes commercial or industrial machinery or equipment that— (i)(I) did not previously make use of the ex-tended product system prior to the redesign described in subclause (II); and (II) incorporates an extended product sys-tem that has greater than 1 horsepower into redesigned machinery or equipment; and (ii) was previously used prior to, and was placed back into service during, calendar year 2016 or 2017. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to provide rebates for expenditures made by qualified entities for the purchase or instal-lation of a qualified extended product sys-tem. (c) Q
UALIFIED ENTITIES .— (1) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—A qualified entity under this section shall be— (A) in the case of a qualified extended product system described in subsection (a)(4)(A), the purchaser of the qualified ex-tended product that is installed; and (B) in the case of a qualified extended prod-uct system described in subsection (a)(4)(B), the manufacturer of the commercial or in-dustrial machinery or equipment that incor-porated the extended product system into that machinery or equipment. (2) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a rebate under this section, a qualified enti-ty shall submit to the Secretary— (A) an application in such form, at such time, and containing such information as the Secretary may require; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES180 January 26, 2016 
(B) a certification that includes dem-onstrated evidence— (i) that the entity is a qualified entity; and (ii)(I) in the case of a qualified entity de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A)— (aa) that the qualified entity installed the qualified extended product system during the 2 fiscal years following the date of enact-ment of this Act; (bb) that the qualified extended product system meets the requirements of subsection (a)(4)(A); and (cc) showing the serial number, manufac-turer, and model number from the nameplate of the installed motor of the qualified entity on which the qualified extended product sys-tem was installed; or (II) in the case of a qualified entity de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B), demonstrated evidence— (aa) that the qualified extended product system meets the requirements of subsection (a)(4)(B); and (bb) showing the serial number, manufac-turer, and model number from the nameplate of the installed motor of the qualified entity with which the extended product system is integrated. (d) A
UTHORIZED AMOUNT OF REBATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-vide to a qualified entity a rebate in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying— (A) an amount equal to the sum of the nameplate rated horsepower of— (i) the electric motor to which the quali-fied extended product system is attached; and (ii) the electronic control; and (B) $25. (2) M
AXIMUM AGGREGATE AMOUNT .—A quali- fied entity shall not be entitled to aggregate rebates under this section in excess of $25,000 per calendar year. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of the first 2 full fiscal years following the date of enactment of this Act, to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 1102. ENERGY EFFICIENT TRANSFORMER REBATE PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) Q
UALIFIED ENERGY EFFICIENT TRANS -
FORMER .—The term ‘‘qualified energy effi-cient transformer’’ means a transformer that meets or exceeds the applicable energy con-servation standards described in the tables in subsection (b)(2) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (c) of section 431.196 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (2) Q
UALIFIED ENERGY INEFFICIENT TRANS -
FORMER .—The term ‘‘qualified energy ineffi-cient transformer’’ means a transformer with an equal number of phases and capacity to a transformer described in any of the ta-bles in subsection (b)(2) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (c) of section 431.196 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) that— (A) does not meet or exceed the applicable energy conservation standards described in paragraph (1); and (B)(i) was manufactured between January 1, 1985, and December 31, 2006, for a trans-former with an equal number of phases and capacity as a transformer described in the table in subsection (b)(2) of section 431.196 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act); or (ii) was manufactured between January 1, 1990, and December 31, 2009, for a transformer with an equal number of phases and capacity as a transformer described in the table in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (c) of that section (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (3) QUALIFIED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘qualified entity’’ means an owner of industrial or manufacturing facilities, commercial build-ings, or multifamily residential buildings, a utility, or an energy service company that fulfills the requirements of subsection (d). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to pro-vide rebates to qualified entities for expendi-tures made by the qualified entity for the re-placement of a qualified energy inefficient transformer with a qualified energy efficient transformer. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to re-ceive a rebate under this section, an entity shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form, at such time, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire, including demonstrated evidence— (1) that the entity purchased a qualified energy efficient transformer; (2) of the core loss value of the qualified energy efficient transformer; (3) of the age of the qualified energy ineffi-cient transformer being replaced; (4) of the core loss value of the qualified energy inefficient transformer being re-placed— (A) as measured by a qualified professional or verified by the equipment manufacturer, as applicable; or (B) for transformers described in sub-section (a)(2)(B)(i), as selected from a table of default values as determined by the Sec-retary in consultation with applicable indus-try; and (5) that the qualified energy inefficient transformer has been permanently decom-missioned and scrapped. (d) A
UTHORIZED AMOUNT OF REBATE .—The amount of a rebate provided under this sec-tion shall be— (1) for a 3-phase or single-phase trans-former with a capacity of not less than 10 and not greater than 2,500 kilovolt-amperes, twice the amount equal to the difference in Watts between the core loss value (as meas-ured in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (4) of subsection (c)) of— (A) the qualified energy inefficient trans-former; and (B) the qualified energy efficient trans-former; or (2) for a transformer described in sub-section (a)(2)(B)(i), the amount determined using a table of default rebate values by rated transformer output, as measured in kilovolt-amperes, as determined by the Sec-retary in consultation with applicable indus-try. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, to remain available until expended. (f) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The authority provided by this section termi-nates on December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1103. STANDARDS FOR CERTAIN FURNACES. 
Section 325(f)(4) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(f)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) R
ESTRICTION ON FINAL RULE FOR RESI -
DENTIAL NON -WEATHERIZED GAS FURNACES AND  
MOBILE HOME FURNACES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary shall not prescribe a final rule amending the efficiency standards for residential non- weatherized gas furnaces or mobile home furnaces until each of the following has oc-curred: ‘‘(I) The Secretary convenes a representa-tive advisory group of interested stake-holders, including the manufacturers, dis-tributors, and contractors of residential non- weatherized gas furnaces and mobile home furnaces, home builders, building owners, en-ergy efficiency advocates, natural gas utili-ties, electric utilities, and consumer groups. ‘‘(II) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the advi-sory group described in subclause (I) com-pletes an analysis of a nationwide require-ment of a condensing furnace efficiency standard including— ‘‘(aa) a complete analysis of current mar-ket trends regarding the transition of sales from non-condensing furnaces to condensing furnaces; ‘‘(bb) the projected net loss in the industry of the present value of original equipment manufactured after adoption of the standard; ‘‘(cc) the projected consumer payback pe-riod and life cycle cost savings after adop-tion of the standard; ‘‘(dd) a determination of whether the standard is economically justified, based solely on the definition of energy under sec-tion 321; and ‘‘(ee) other common economic principles. ‘‘(III) The advisory group described in sub-clause (I) reviews the analysis and deter-mines whether a nationwide requirement of a condensing furnace efficiency standard is technically feasible and economically justi-fied. ‘‘(IV) The final determination of the advi-sory group under subclause (III) is published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(ii) AMENDED STANDARDS .—If the advisory group determines under clause (i)(III) that a nationwide requirement of a condensing fur-nace efficiency standard is not technically feasible and economically justified, the Sec-retary shall, not later than 180 days after the date on which the final determination of the advisory group is published in the Federal Register under clause (i)(IV), establish amended standards through the negotiated rulemaking procedure provided for under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Nego-tiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’).’’. 
SEC. 1104. THIRD-PARTY CERTIFICATION UNDER ENERGY STAR PROGRAM. 
Section 324A of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
HIRD-PARTY CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this subsection, the Adminis-trator shall revise the certification require-ments for the labeling of consumer, home, and office electronic products for program partners that have complied with all require-ments of the Energy Star program for a pe-riod of at least 18 months. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In the case of a pro-gram partner described in paragraph (1), the new requirements under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall not require third-party certifi-cation for a product to be listed; but ‘‘(B) may require that test data and other product information be submitted to facili-tate product listing and performance verification for a sample of products. ‘‘(3) T
HIRD PARTIES .—Nothing in this sub-section prevents the Administrator from using third parties in the course of the ad-ministration of the Energy Star program. ‘‘(4) T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an exemption from third-party certifi-cation provided to a program partner under paragraph (1) shall terminate if the program partner is found to have violated program re-quirements with respect to at least 2 sepa-rate models during a 2-year period. ‘‘(B) R
ESUMPTION .—A termination for a program partner under subparagraph (A) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S181 January 26, 2016 
shall cease if the program partner complies with all Energy Star program requirements for a period of at least 3 years.’’. 
SEC. 1105. ENERGY CONSERVATION STANDARDS FOR COMMERCIAL REFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT. 
(a) D EADLINE .—The requirements of the final rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Commercial Refrigeration Equipment’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 17725 (March 28, 2014)), shall take effect on January 1, 2020, for equipment cov-ered by the final rule that— (1) uses natural refrigerants with a global warming potential of 10 or less that are ap-proved for use by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency under the Significant New Al-ternatives Program; (2) is within 1 of the following product cat-egories: (A) VCT.SC.M vertical cooler with trans-parent door self contained medium tempera-ture; or (B) HCT.SC.M horizontal cooler with trans-parent door self contained medium tempera-ture; and (3) uses not more than 115 percent of the energy use allowed by applicable standards under Energy Star 3.0. (b) F
UTURE RULEMAKINGS .—Nothing in this section changes the criteria to be considered during future rulemakings undertaken by the Department under title III of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291 et seq.). (c) R
EVIEW .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the next review required under section 342(c)(6)(B) of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6313(c)(6)(B)) shall be conducted based on an effective date of March 27, 2017. 
SEC. 1106. VOLUNTARY VERIFICATION PRO-GRAMS FOR AIR CONDITIONING, FURNACE, BOILER, HEAT PUMP, AND WATER HEATER PRODUCTS. 
Section 326(b) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6296(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) V
OLUNTARY VERIFICATION PROGRAMS  
FOR AIR CONDITIONING , FURNACE , BOILER , HEAT  
PUMP , AND WATER HEATER PRODUCTS .— ‘‘(A) R
ELIANCE ON VOLUNTARY PROGRAMS .— For the purpose of periodic testing to verify compliance with energy conservation stand-ards and Energy Star specifications estab-lished under sections 324A, 325, and 342 for covered products described in paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (9), and (11) of section 322(a) and cov-ered equipment described in subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), (F), (I), (J), and (K) of section 340(1), the Secretary and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall rely on testing conducted by voluntary verification programs that are recognized by the Secretary in accordance with subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) R
ECOGNITION OF VOLUNTARY  
VERIFICATION PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall initiate a nego-tiated rulemaking in accordance with sub-chapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Nego-tiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’) to develop criteria that have consensus support for achieving recognition by the Secretary as an approved voluntary verification program. ‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The criteria developed under clause (i) shall, at a min-imum, ensure that the voluntary verification program— ‘‘(I) is nationally recognized; ‘‘(II) is operated by a third party and not directly operated by a program participant; ‘‘(III) satisfies any applicable elements of— ‘‘(aa) International Organization for Standardization standard numbered 17025; and ‘‘(bb) any other relevant International Or-ganization for Standardization standards identified and agreed to through the nego-tiated rulemaking under clause (i); ‘‘(IV) at least annually tests independently obtained products following the test proce-dures established under this title to verify the certified rating of a representative sam-ple of products and equipment within the scope of the program; ‘‘(V) maintains a publicly available list of all ratings of products subject to verification; ‘‘(VI) requires the changing of the perform-ance rating or removal of the product or equipment from the program if testing deter-mines that the performance rating does not meet the levels the manufacturer has cer-tified to the Secretary; ‘‘(VII) requires new program participants to substantiate ratings through test data generated in accordance with DOE regula-tions; ‘‘(VIII) allows for challenge testing of prod-ucts and equipment within the scope of the program; ‘‘(IX) requires program participants to dis-close the performance rating of all covered products and equipment within the scope of the program for the covered product or equipment; ‘‘(X) provides to the Secretary— ‘‘(aa) an annual report of all test results, the contents of which shall be determined through the negotiated rulemaking process under clause (i); and ‘‘(bb) test reports, on the request of the Secretary or the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, that note any instructions specified by the manufacturer or the representative of the manufacturer for the purpose of conducting the verification testing, to be exempted from disclosure to the extent provided under section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’); and ‘‘(XI) satisfies any additional requirements or standards that the Secretary and Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall establish consistent with this subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) FINDING REQUIRED FOR CESSATION OF  
RECOGNITION .—The Secretary may only cease recognition of a voluntary verification pro-gram as an approved program described in subparagraph (A) on a finding that the pro-gram is not meeting its obligations for com-pliance through program review criteria es-tablished under this subparagraph. ‘‘(iv) R
EVISIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Major revisions to vol-untary verification program criteria estab-lished under this subparagraph shall only be made pursuant to a subsequent negotiated rulemaking in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rule-making Act of 1990’). ‘‘(II) N
ONMAJOR REVISIONS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make all other nonmajor criteria revisions by initiating a direct final rule in accord-ance with section 553(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, on a determination pub-lished in the Federal Register that revisions to the criteria are necessary and that sub-stantive opposition to the proposed revisions is not expected. ‘‘(bb) C
ONDITIONS FOR EFFECTIVENESS .—If the Secretary does not receive adversarial comments with respect to the determination published under item (aa) during the 30-day- period following publication of that deter-mination in the Federal Register, the direct final rule shall have the force and effect of law. ‘‘(cc) WITHDRAWAL OF FINAL RULE .—Receipt of any adversarial comment with respect to the determination published under item (aa) shall require the Secretary to withdraw the direct final rule and publish— ‘‘(AA) a notice of proposed rulemaking pur-suant to section 553 of title 5, United States Code; or ‘‘(BB) a notice of proposed rulemaking pur-suant to section 553 of title 5, United States Code, that includes a determination that re-visions to the criteria are necessary. ‘‘(C) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall not require— ‘‘(I) manufacturers to participate in a vol-untary verification program described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(II) participating manufacturers to pro-vide information that has already been pro-vided to the Secretary or the Administrator. ‘‘(ii) L
IST OF COVERED PRODUCTS .—The Sec- retary or the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency may maintain a publicly available list of covered products and equipment that distinguishes between products that are, and are not covered prod-ucts and equipment verified through a vol-untary verification program described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(iii) P
ERIODIC VERIFICATION TESTING .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary— ‘‘(aa) shall not subject products or equip-ment that have been verification tested under a voluntary verification program de-scribed in subparagraph (A) to periodic verification testing that verifies the accu-racy of the certified performance rating of the products or equipment; but ‘‘(bb) may test products or equipment de-scribed in subclause (I) if the testing is nec-essary— ‘‘(AA) to assess the overall performance of a voluntary verification program; ‘‘(BB) to address specific performance issues; ‘‘(CC) for use in updating test procedures and standards; or ‘‘(DD) for other purposes consistent with this title. ‘‘(II) A
DDITIONAL TESTING .—The Secretary may subject products or equipment described in subclause (I) to periodic verification test-ing outside the restrictions of subclause (I)(bb), if agreed to during the rulemaking described in subparagraph (B) ‘‘(D) E
FFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITY .—Noth- ing in this paragraph limits the authority of the Secretary or the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to enforce compliance with any law.’’. Subtitle C—Manufacturing 
SEC. 1201. MANUFACTURING ENERGY EFFI-CIENCY. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to reform and reorient the industrial ef-ficiency programs of the Department; (2) to establish a clear and consistent au-thority for industrial efficiency programs of the Department; (3) to accelerate the deployment of tech-nologies and practices that will increase in-dustrial energy efficiency and improve pro-ductivity; (4) to accelerate the development and dem-onstration of technologies that will assist the deployment goals of the industrial effi-ciency programs of the Department and in-crease manufacturing efficiency; (5) to stimulate domestic economic growth and improve industrial productivity and competitiveness; and (6) to strengthen partnerships between Federal and State governmental agencies and the private and academic sectors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES182 January 26, 2016 
(b) F UTURE OF INDUSTRY PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 452 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17111) is amended by striking the sec-tion heading and inserting the following: ‘‘
FUTURE OF INDUSTRY PROGRAM ’’. (2) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY SERVICE PRO -
VIDER .—Section 452(a) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17111(a)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) E
NERGY SERVICE PROVIDER .—The term ‘energy service provider’ means any business providing technology or services to improve the energy efficiency, water efficiency, power factor, or load management of a man-ufacturing site or other industrial process in an energy-intensive industry, or any utility operating under a utility energy service project.’’. (3) I
NDUSTRIAL RESEARCH AND ASSESSMENT  
CENTERS .—Section 452(e) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17111(e)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (C) in subparagraph (A) (as redesignated by subparagraph (A)), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, includ-ing assessments of sustainable manufac-turing goals and the implementation of in-formation technology advancements for sup-ply chain analysis, logistics, system moni-toring, industrial and manufacturing proc-esses, and other purposes’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—To increase the value and capabilities of the industrial research and assessment centers, the centers shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate with Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership Centers of the National Institute of Standards and Technology; ‘‘(B) coordinate with the Building Tech-nologies Program of the Department of En-ergy to provide building assessment services to manufacturers; ‘‘(C) increase partnerships with the Na-tional Laboratories of the Department of En-ergy to leverage the expertise and tech-nologies of the National Laboratories for na-tional industrial and manufacturing needs; ‘‘(D) increase partnerships with energy service providers and technology providers to leverage private sector expertise and ac-celerate deployment of new and existing technologies and processes for energy effi-ciency, power factor, and load management; ‘‘(E) identify opportunities for reducing greenhouse gas emissions; and ‘‘(F) promote sustainable manufacturing practices for small- and medium-sized manu-facturers. ‘‘(3) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall pro-vide funding for— ‘‘(A) outreach activities by the industrial research and assessment centers to inform small- and medium-sized manufacturers of the information, technologies, and services available; and ‘‘(B) coordination activities by each indus-trial research and assessment center to le-verage efforts with— ‘‘(i) Federal and State efforts; ‘‘(ii) the efforts of utilities and energy service providers; ‘‘(iii) the efforts of regional energy effi-ciency organizations; and ‘‘(iv) the efforts of other industrial re-search and assessment centers. ‘‘(4) W
ORKFORCE TRAINING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pay the Federal share of associated internship programs under which students work with or for industries, manufacturers, and energy service providers to implement the rec-ommendations of industrial research and as-sessment centers. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of carrying out internship programs described in subparagraph (A) shall be 50 per-cent. ‘‘(5) S
MALL BUSINESS LOANS .—The Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration shall, to the maximum extent practicable, expedite consideration of applications from eligible small business concerns for loans under the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) to implement recommendations of industrial research and assessment centers established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) A
DVANCED MANUFACTURING STEERING  
COMMITTEE .—The Secretary shall establish an advisory steering committee to provide recommendations to the Secretary on plan-ning and implementation of the Advanced Manufacturing Office of the Department of Energy.’’. (c) S
USTAINABLE MANUFACTURING INITIA -
TIVE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part E of title III of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6341) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 376. SUSTAINABLE MANUFACTURING INI-TIATIVE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, the Secretary, on the request of a manufac-turer, shall conduct on-site technical assess-ments to identify opportunities for— ‘‘(1) maximizing the energy efficiency of industrial processes and cross-cutting sys-tems; ‘‘(2) preventing pollution and minimizing waste; ‘‘(3) improving efficient use of water in manufacturing processes; ‘‘(4) conserving natural resources; and ‘‘(5) achieving such other goals as the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the initiative in coordination with the private sector and appropriate agencies, including the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology, to accelerate adoption of new and existing technologies and proc-esses that improve energy efficiency. ‘‘(c) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM  
FOR SUSTAINABLE MANUFACTURING AND IN-
DUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES AND PROCESSES .—As part of the industrial efficiency programs of the Department of Energy, the Secretary shall carry out a joint industry-government partnership program to research, develop, and demonstrate new sustainable manufac-turing and industrial technologies and proc-esses that maximize the energy efficiency of industrial plants, reduce pollution, and con-serve natural resources.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. prec. 6201) is amended by add-ing at the end of the items relating to part E of title III the following: ‘‘Sec. 376. Sustainable manufacturing initia-tive.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 106 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15811) is repealed. (2) Sections 131, 132, 133, 2103, and 2107 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 6348, 6349, 6350, 13453, 13456) are repealed. (3) Section 2101(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13451(a)) is amended in the third sentence by striking ‘‘sections 2102, 2103, 2104, 2105, 2106, 2107, and 2108’’ and in-serting ‘‘sections 2102, 2104, 2105, 2106, and 2108 of this Act and section 376 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act,’’. SEC. 1202. LEVERAGING EXISTING FEDERAL AGENCY PROGRAMS TO ASSIST SMALL AND MEDIUM MANUFACTUR-ERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section and sec-tion 1203: (1) E
NERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘energy management system’’ means a business management process based on standards of the American National Stand-ards Institute that enables an organization to follow a systematic approach in achieving continual improvement of energy perform-ance, including energy efficiency, security, use, and consumption. (2) I
NDUSTRIAL ASSESSMENT CENTER .—The term ‘‘industrial assessment center’’ means a center located at an institution of higher education that— (A) receives funding from the Department; (B) provides an in-depth assessment of small- and medium-size manufacturer plant sites to evaluate the facilities, services, and manufacturing operations of the plant site; and (C) identifies opportunities for potential savings for small- and medium-size manufac-turer plant sites from energy efficiency im-provements, waste minimization, pollution prevention, and productivity improvement. (3) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Laboratory’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). (4) S
MALL AND MEDIUM MANUFACTURERS .— The term ‘‘small and medium manufactur-ers’’ means manufacturing firms— (A) classified in the North American Indus-try Classification System as any of sectors 31 through 33; (B) with gross annual sales of less than $100,000,000; (C) with fewer than 500 employees at the plant site; and (D) with annual energy bills totaling more than $100,000 and less than $2,500,000. (5) S
MART MANUFACTURING .—The term ‘‘smart manufacturing’’ means a set of ad-vanced sensing, instrumentation, moni-toring, controls, and process optimization technologies and practices that merge infor-mation and communication technologies with the manufacturing environment for the real-time management of energy, produc-tivity, and costs across factories and compa-nies. (b) E
XPANSION OF TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  P
ROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall expand the scope of technologies covered by the Indus-trial Assessment Centers of the Depart-ment— (1) to include smart manufacturing tech-nologies and practices; and (2) to equip the directors of the Industrial Assessment Centers with the training and tools necessary to provide technical assist-ance in smart manufacturing technologies and practices, including energy management systems, to manufacturers. (c) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall use un-obligated funds of the Department to carry out this section. 
SEC. 1203. LEVERAGING SMART MANUFACTURING INFRASTRUCTURE AT NATIONAL LABORATORIES. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct a study on ways in which the Department can increase access to existing high-performance computing re-sources in the National Laboratories, par-ticularly for small and medium manufactur-ers. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—In identifying ways to in-crease access to National Laboratories under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S183 January 26, 2016 
(A) focus on increasing access to the com-puting facilities of the National Labora-tories; and (B) ensure that— (i) the information from the manufacturer is protected; and (ii) the security of the National Labora-tory facility is maintained. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the results of the study. (b) A
CTIONS FOR INCREASED ACCESS .—The Secretary shall facilitate access to the Na-tional Laboratories studied under subsection (a) for small and medium manufacturers so that small and medium manufacturers can fully use the high-performance computing resources of the National Laboratories to en-hance the manufacturing competitiveness of the United States. Subtitle D—Vehicles 
SEC. 1301. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Vehicle Innovation Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1302. OBJECTIVES. 
The objectives of this subtitle are— (1) to establish a consistent and consoli-dated authority for the vehicle technology program at the Department; (2) to develop United States technologies and practices that— (A) improve the fuel efficiency and emis-sions of all vehicles produced in the United States; and (B) reduce vehicle reliance on petroleum- based fuels; (3) to support domestic research, develop-ment, engineering, demonstration, and com-mercial application and manufacturing of advanced vehicles, engines, and components; (4) to enable vehicles to move larger vol-umes of goods and more passengers with less energy and emissions; (5) to develop cost-effective advanced tech-nologies for wide-scale utilization through-out the passenger, commercial, government, and transit vehicle sectors; (6) to allow for greater consumer choice of vehicle technologies and fuels; (7) shorten technology development and in-tegration cycles in the vehicle industry; (8) to ensure a proper balance and diversity of Federal investment in vehicle tech-nologies; and (9) to strengthen partnerships between Federal and State governmental agencies and the private and academic sectors. 
SEC. 1303. COORDINATION AND NONDUPLICA-TION. 
The Secretary shall ensure, to the max-imum extent practicable, that the activities authorized by this subtitle do not duplicate those of other programs within the Depart-ment or other relevant research agencies. 
SEC. 1304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for research, development, en-gineering, demonstration, and commercial application of vehicles and related tech-nologies in the United States, including ac-tivities authorized under this subtitle— (1) for fiscal year 2016, $313,567,000; (2) for fiscal year 2017, $326,109,000; (3) for fiscal year 2018, $339,154,000; (4) for fiscal year 2019, $352,720,000; and (5) for fiscal year 2020, $366,829,000. 
SEC. 1305. REPORTING. 
(a) T ECHNOLOGIES DEVELOPED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report regarding the technologies devel-oped as a result of the activities authorized by this subtitle, with a particular emphasis on whether the technologies were success-fully adopted for commercial applications, and if so, whether products relying on those technologies are manufactured in the United States. (b) ADDITIONAL MATTERS .—At the end of each fiscal year through 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the relevant Congressional committees of jurisdiction an annual report describing activities undertaken in the pre-vious year under this Act, active industry participants, the status of public private partnerships, progress of the program in meeting goals and timelines, and a strategic plan for funding of activities across agencies. PART I—VEHICLE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
SEC. 1306. PROGRAM. 
(a) A CTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall con-duct a program of basic and applied research, development, engineering, demonstration, and commercial application activities on materials, technologies, and processes with the potential to substantially reduce or eliminate petroleum use and the emissions of the Nation’s passenger and commercial ve-hicles, including activities in the areas of— (1) electrification of vehicle systems; (2) batteries, ultracapacitors, and other en-ergy storage devices; (3) power electronics; (4) vehicle, component, and subsystem manufacturing technologies and processes; (5) engine efficiency and combustion opti-mization; (6) waste heat recovery; (7) transmission and drivetrains; (8) hydrogen vehicle technologies, includ-ing fuel cells and internal combustion en-gines, and hydrogen infrastructure, includ-ing hydrogen energy storage to enable re-newables and provide hydrogen for fuel and power; (9) natural gas vehicle technologies; (10) aerodynamics, rolling resistance (in-cluding tires and wheel assemblies), and ac-cessory power loads of vehicles and associ-ated equipment; (11) vehicle weight reduction, including lightweighting materials and the develop-ment of manufacturing processes to fab-ricate, assemble, and use dissimilar mate-rials; (12) friction and wear reduction; (13) engine and component durability; (14) innovative propulsion systems; (15) advanced boosting systems; (16) hydraulic hybrid technologies; (17) engine compatibility with and optimi-zation for a variety of transportation fuels including natural gas and other liquid and gaseous fuels; (18) predictive engineering, modeling, and simulation of vehicle and transportation sys-tems; (19) refueling and charging infrastructure for alternative fueled and electric or plug-in electric hybrid vehicles, including the unique challenges facing rural areas; (20) gaseous fuels storage systems and sys-tem integration and optimization; (21) sensing, communications, and actu-ation technologies for vehicle, electrical grid, and infrastructure; (22) efficient use, substitution, and recy-cling of potentially critical materials in ve-hicles, including rare earth elements and precious metals, at risk of supply disruption; (23) aftertreatment technologies; (24) thermal management of battery sys-tems; (25) retrofitting advanced vehicle tech-nologies to existing vehicles; (26) development of common standards, specifications, and architectures for both transportation and stationary battery appli-cations; (27) advanced internal combustion engines; (28) mild hybrid; (29) engine down speeding; (30) vehicle-to-vehicle, vehicle-to-pedes-trian, and vehicle-to-infrastructure tech-nologies; and (31) other research areas as determined by the Secretary. (b) TRANSFORMATIONAL TECHNOLOGY .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Department continues to support research, development, engineering, demonstration, and commercial application activities and maintains com-petency in mid- to long-term trans-formational vehicle technologies with poten-tial to achieve reductions in emissions, in-cluding activities in the areas of— (1) hydrogen vehicle technologies, includ-ing fuel cells, hydrogen storage, infrastruc-ture, and activities in hydrogen technology validation and safety codes and standards; (2) multiple battery chemistries and novel energy storage devices, including nonchem-ical batteries and electromechanical storage technologies such as hydraulics, flywheels, and compressed air storage; (3) communication and connectivity among vehicles, infrastructure, and the elec-trical grid; and (4) other innovative technologies research and development, as determined by the Sec-retary. (c) I
NDUSTRY PARTICIPATION .—To the max-imum extent practicable, activities under this Act shall be carried out in partnership or collaboration with automotive manufac-turers, heavy commercial, vocational, and transit vehicle manufacturers, qualified plug-in electric vehicle manufacturers, com-pressed natural gas vehicle manufacturers, vehicle and engine equipment and compo-nent manufacturers, manufacturing equip-ment manufacturers, advanced vehicle serv-ice providers, fuel producers and energy sup-pliers, electric utilities, universities, na-tional laboratories, and independent re-search laboratories. In carrying out this Act the Secretary shall— (1) determine whether a wide range of com-panies that manufacture or assemble vehi-cles or components in the United States are represented in ongoing public private part-nership activities, including firms that have not traditionally participated in federally sponsored research and development activi-ties, and where possible, partner with such firms that conduct significant and relevant research and development activities in the United States; (2) leverage the capabilities and resources of, and formalize partnerships with, indus-try-led stakeholder organizations, nonprofit organizations, industry consortia, and trade associations with expertise in the research and development of, and education and out-reach activities in, advanced automotive and commercial vehicle technologies; (3) develop more effective processes for transferring research findings and tech-nologies to industry; (4) support public-private partnerships, dedicated to overcoming barriers in commer-cial application of transformational vehicle technologies, that utilize such industry-led technology development facilities of entities with demonstrated expertise in successfully designing and engineering pre-commercial generations of such transformational tech-nology; and (5) promote efforts to ensure that tech-nology research, development, engineering, and commercial application activities funded under this Act are carried out in the United States. (d) I
NTERAGENCY AND INTRAAGENCY COORDI -
NATION .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, the Secretary shall coordinate re-search, development, demonstration, and commercial application activities among— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES184 January 26, 2016 
(1) relevant programs within the Depart-ment, including— (A) the Office of Energy Efficiency and Re-newable Energy; (B) the Office of Science; (C) the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability; (D) the Office of Fossil Energy; (E) the Advanced Research Projects Agen-cy—Energy; and (F) other offices as determined by the Sec-retary; and (2) relevant technology research and devel-opment programs within other Federal agen-cies, as determined by the Secretary. (e) F
EDERAL DEMONSTRATION OF TECH-
NOLOGIES .—The Secretary shall make infor-mation available to procurement programs of Federal agencies regarding the potential to demonstrate technologies resulting from activities funded through programs under this Act. (f) I
NTERGOVERNMENTAL COORDINATION .— The Secretary shall seek opportunities to le-verage resources and support initiatives of State and local governments in developing and promoting advanced vehicle tech-nologies, manufacturing, and infrastructure. (g) C
RITERIA .—When awarding grants under this program, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to those technologies (either individ-ually or as part of a system) that— (1) provide the greatest aggregate fuel sav-ings based on the reasonable projected sales volumes of the technology; and (2) provide the greatest increase in United States employment. 
SEC. 1307. MANUFACTURING. 
The Secretary shall carry out a research, development, engineering, demonstration, and commercial application program of ad-vanced vehicle manufacturing technologies and practices, including innovative proc-esses— (1) to increase the production rate and de-crease the cost of advanced battery and fuel cell manufacturing; (2) to vary the capability of individual manufacturing facilities to accommodate different battery chemistries and configura-tions; (3) to reduce waste streams, emissions, and energy intensity of vehicle, engine, advanced battery and component manufacturing proc-esses; (4) to recycle and remanufacture used bat-teries and other vehicle components for reuse in vehicles or stationary applications; (5) to develop manufacturing processes to effectively fabricate, assemble, and produce cost-effective lightweight materials such as advanced aluminum and other metal alloys, polymeric composites, and carbon fiber for use in vehicles; (6) to produce lightweight high pressure storage systems for gaseous fuels; (7) to design and manufacture purpose- built hydrogen fuel cell vehicles and compo-nents; (8) to improve the calendar life and cycle life of advanced batteries; and (9) to produce permanent magnets for ad-vanced vehicles. PART II—MEDIUM- AND HEAVY-DUTY COMMERCIAL AND TRANSIT VEHICLES 
SEC. 1308. PROGRAM. 
The Secretary, in partnership with rel-evant research and development programs in other Federal agencies, and a range of appro-priate industry stakeholders, shall carry out a program of cooperative research, develop-ment, demonstration, and commercial appli-cation activities on advanced technologies for medium- to heavy-duty commercial, vo-cational, recreational, and transit vehicles, including activities in the areas of— (1) engine efficiency and combustion re-search; (2) onboard storage technologies for com-pressed and liquefied natural gas; (3) development and integration of engine technologies designed for natural gas oper-ation of a variety of vehicle platforms; (4) waste heat recovery and conversion; (5) improved aerodynamics and tire rolling resistance; (6) energy and space-efficient emissions control systems; (7) mild hybrid, heavy hybrid, hybrid hy-draulic, plug-in hybrid, and electric plat-forms, and energy storage technologies; (8) drivetrain optimization; (9) friction and wear reduction; (10) engine idle and parasitic energy loss reduction; (11) electrification of accessory loads; (12) onboard sensing and communications technologies; (13) advanced lightweighting materials and vehicle designs; (14) increasing load capacity per vehicle; (15) thermal management of battery sys-tems; (16) recharging infrastructure; (17) compressed natural gas infrastructure; (18) advanced internal combustion engines; (19) complete vehicle and power pack mod-eling, simulation, and testing; (20) hydrogen vehicle technologies, includ-ing fuel cells and internal combustion en-gines, and hydrogen infrastructure, includ-ing hydrogen energy storage to enable re-newables and provide hydrogen for fuel and power; (21) retrofitting advanced technologies onto existing truck fleets; (22) advanced boosting systems; (23) engine down speeding; and (24) integration of these and other ad-vanced systems onto a single truck and trail-er platform. SEC. 1309. CLASS 8 TRUCK AND TRAILER SYS-TEMS DEMONSTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a competitive grant program to dem-onstrate the integration of multiple ad-vanced technologies on Class 8 truck and trailer platforms, including a combination of technologies listed in section 1308. (b) A
PPLICANT TEAMS .—Applicant teams may be comprised of truck and trailer manu-facturers, engine and component manufac-turers, fleet customers, university research-ers, and other applicants as appropriate for the development and demonstration of inte-grated Class 8 truck and trailer systems. 
SEC. 1310. TECHNOLOGY TESTING AND METRICS. 
The Secretary, in coordination with the partners of the interagency research pro-gram described in section 1308— (1) shall develop standard testing proce-dures and technologies for evaluating the performance of advanced heavy vehicle tech-nologies under a range of representative duty cycles and operating conditions, includ-ing for heavy hybrid propulsion systems; (2) shall evaluate heavy vehicle perform-ance using work performance-based metrics other than those based on miles per gallon, including those based on units of volume and weight transported for freight applications, and appropriate metrics based on the work performed by nonroad systems; and (3) may construct heavy duty truck and bus testing facilities. 
SEC. 1311. NONROAD SYSTEMS PILOT PROGRAM. 
The Secretary shall undertake a pilot pro-gram of research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial applications of tech-nologies to improve total machine or system efficiency for nonroad mobile equipment in-cluding agricultural, construction, air, and sea port equipment, and shall seek opportu-nities to transfer relevant research findings and technologies between the nonroad and on-highway equipment and vehicle sectors. PART III—ADMINISTRATION SEC. 1312. REPEAL OF EXISTING AUTHORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Sections 706, 711, 712, and 933 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16051, 16061, 16062, 16233) are repealed. (b) E
NERGY EFFICIENCY .—Section 911 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16191) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘vehi-cles, buildings,’’ and inserting ‘‘buildings’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3); and (C) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(C)’’. Subtitle E—Short Title 
SEC. 1401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Portman- Shaheen Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2016’’. TITLE II—INFRASTRUCTURE Subtitle A—Cybersecurity 
SEC. 2001. CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
Part II of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 224. CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) B
ULK-POWER SYSTEM .—The term ‘bulk- power system’ has the meaning given the term in section 215. ‘‘(2) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .— The term ‘critical electric infrastructure’ means a system or asset of the bulk-power system, whether physical or virtual, the in-capacity or destruction of which would nega-tively affect national security, economic se-curity, public health or safety, or any com-bination of those matters. ‘‘(3) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN -
FORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘critical elec-tric infrastructure information’ means infor-mation related to critical electric infrastruc-ture, or proposed critical electric infrastruc-ture, generated by or provided to the Com-mission or other Federal agency, other than classified national security information, that is designated as critical electric infra-structure information by the Commission under subsection (d)(2). ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘critical elec-tric infrastructure information’ includes in-formation that qualifies as critical energy infrastructure information under regulations promulgated by the Commission. ‘‘(4) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .—The term ‘cybersecurity threat’ means the imminent danger of an act that severely disrupts, at-tempts to severely disrupt, or poses a signifi-cant risk of severely disrupting the oper-ation of programmable electronic devices or communications networks (including hard-ware, software, and data) essential to the re-liable operation of the bulk-power system. ‘‘(5) E
LECTRIC RELIABILITY ORGANIZATION .— The term ‘Electric Reliability Organization’ has the meaning given the term in section 215. ‘‘(6) R
EGIONAL ENTITY .—The term ‘regional entity’ has the meaning given the term in section 215. ‘‘(7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Energy. ‘‘(b) E
MERGENCY AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the President notifies the Secretary that the President has made a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S185 January 26, 2016 
determination that immediate action is nec-essary to protect the bulk-power system from a cybersecurity threat, the Secretary may require, by order and with or without notice, any entity that is registered with the Electric Reliability Organization as an owner, operator, or user of the bulk-power system to take such actions as the Secretary determines will best avert or mitigate the cybersecurity threat. ‘‘(2) W
RITTEN EXPLANATION .—As soon as practicable after notifying the Secretary under paragraph (1), the President shall— ‘‘(A) provide to the Secretary, in writing, a record of the determination and an expla-nation of the reasons for the determination; and ‘‘(B) promptly notify, in writing, congres-sional committees of relevant jurisdiction, including the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, of the contents of, and justification for, the directive or deter-mination. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION WITH CANADA AND MEX -
ICO.—In exercising the authority pursuant to this subsection, the Secretary is encouraged to consult and coordinate with the appro-priate officials in Canada and Mexico respon-sible for the protection of cybersecurity of the interconnected North American elec-tricity grid. ‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATION .—Before exercising au-thority pursuant to this subsection, to the maximum extent practicable, taking into consideration the nature of an identified cy-bersecurity threat and the urgency of need for action, the Secretary shall consult re-garding implementation of actions that will effectively address the cybersecurity threat with— ‘‘(A) any entities potentially subject to the cybersecurity threat that own, control, or operate bulk-power system facilities; ‘‘(B) the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(C) the Electricity Sub-sector Coordi-nating Council (as established by the Elec-tric Reliability Organization); and ‘‘(D) officials of other Federal departments and agencies, as appropriate. ‘‘(5) C
OST RECOVERY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall adopt regulations that permit entities sub-ject to an order under paragraph (1) to seek recovery of prudently incurred costs required to implement actions ordered by the Sec-retary under this subsection. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any rate or charge approved under regulations adopted pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) shall be just and reasonable; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be unduly discriminatory or preferential. ‘‘(c) D
URATION OF EMERGENCY ORDERS .—An order issued by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (b) shall remain in effect for not longer than the 30-day period beginning on the effective date of the order, unless, during that 30 day-period, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) provides to interested persons an op-portunity to submit written data, rec-ommendations, and arguments; and ‘‘(2) affirms, amends, or repeals the order, subject to the condition that an amended order shall not exceed a total duration of 90 days. ‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION AND SHARING OF CRITICAL  E
LECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .— ‘‘(1) P
ROTECTION OF CRITICAL ELECTRIC IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .—Critical electric infrastruc-ture information— ‘‘(A) shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code; and ‘‘(B) shall not be made available by any State, political subdivision, or tribal author-ity pursuant to any State, political subdivi-sion, or tribal law requiring disclosure of in-formation or records. ‘‘(2) DESIGNATION AND SHARING OF CRITICAL  
ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Energy, shall pro-mulgate such regulations and issue such or-ders as necessary— ‘‘(A) to designate critical electric infra-structure information; ‘‘(B) to prohibit the unauthorized disclo-sure of critical electric infrastructure infor-mation; and ‘‘(C) to ensure there are appropriate sanc-tions in place for Commissioners, officers, employees, or agents of the Commission who knowingly and willfully disclose critical electric infrastructure information in a man-ner that is not authorized under this section; ‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In promulgating regulations and issuing orders under para-graph (2), the Commission shall take into consideration the role of State commissions in— ‘‘(A) reviewing the prudence and cost of in-vestments; ‘‘(B) determining the rates and terms of conditions for electric services; and ‘‘(C) ensuring the safety and reliability of the bulk-power system and distribution fa-cilities within the respective jurisdictions of the State commissions. ‘‘(4) N
O REQUIRED SHARING OF INFORMA -
TION.—Nothing in this section requires a per-son or entity in possession of critical electric infrastructure information to share the in-formation with Federal, State, political sub-division, or tribal authorities, or any other person or entity. ‘‘(5) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONCRITICAL ELECTRIC  
INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .—In carrying out this section, the Commission shall seg-regate critical electric infrastructure infor-mation within documents and electronic communications, wherever feasible, to facili-tate disclosure of information that is not designated as critical electric infrastructure information.’’. 
SEC. 2002. ENHANCED GRID SECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LECTRIC UTILITY .—The term ‘‘electric utility’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). (2) ES–ISAC.—The term ‘‘ES–ISAC’’ means the Electricity Sector Information Sharing and Analysis Center. (3) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Laboratory’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). (4) S
ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Sector-Specific Agency’’ has the meaning given the term in the Presidential policy di-rective entitled ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Se-curity and Resilience’’, numbered 21, and dated February 12, 2013. (b) S
ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY FOR CYBERSE -
CURITY FOR THE ENERGY SECTOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Department shall be the lead Sector-Specific Agency for cyberse-curity for the energy sector. (2) D
UTIES .—As the designated Sector-Spe-cific Agency for cybersecurity, the duties of the Department shall include— (A) coordinating with the Department of Homeland Security and other relevant Fed-eral departments and agencies; (B) collaborating with— (i) critical infrastructure owners and oper-ators; and (ii) as appropriate— (I) independent regulatory agencies; and (II) State, local, tribal and territorial enti-ties; (C) serving as a day-to-day Federal inter-face for the dynamic prioritization and co-ordination of sector-specific activities; (D) carrying out incident management re-sponsibilities consistent with applicable law (including regulations) and other appro-priate policies or directives; (E) providing, supporting, or facilitating technical assistance and consultations for the energy sector to identify vulnerabilities and help mitigate incidents, as appropriate; and (F) supporting the reporting requirements of the Department of Homeland Security under applicable law by providing, on an an-nual basis, sector-specific critical infrastruc-ture information. (c) CYBERSECURITY FOR THE ENERGY SECTOR  R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , AND DEMONSTRA -
TION PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with appropriate Federal agencies, the energy sector, the States, and other stakeholders, shall carry out a program— (A) to develop advanced cybersecurity ap-plications and technologies for the energy sector— (i) to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities, including— (I) dependencies on other critical infra-structure; and (II) impacts from weather and fuel supply; and (ii) to advance the security of field devices and third-party control systems, including— (I) systems for generation, transmission, distribution, end use, and market functions; (II) specific electric grid elements includ-ing advanced metering, demand response, distributed generation, and electricity stor-age; (III) forensic analysis of infected systems; and (IV) secure communications; (B) to leverage electric grid architecture as a means to assess risks to the energy sector, including by implementing an all-hazards approach to communications infrastructure, control systems architecture, and power sys-tems architecture; (C) to perform pilot demonstration projects with the energy sector to gain expe-rience with new technologies; and (D) to develop workforce development cur-ricula for energy sector-related cybersecu-rity. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $65,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2025. (d) E
NERGY SECTOR COMPONENT TESTING  
FORCYBERRESILIENCE PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a program— (A) to establish a cybertesting and mitiga-tion program to identify vulnerabilities of energy sector supply chain products to known threats; (B) to oversee third-party cybertesting; and (C) to develop procurement guidelines for energy sector supply chain components. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2025. (e) E
NERGY SECTOR OPERATIONAL SUPPORT  
FORCYBERRESILIENCE PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out a program— (A) to enhance and periodically test— (i) the emergency response capabilities of the Department; and (ii) the coordination of the Department with other agencies, the National Labora-tories, and private industry; (B) to expand cooperation of the Depart-ment with the intelligence communities for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES186 January 26, 2016 
energy sector-related threat collection and analysis; (C) to enhance the tools of the Department and ES–ISAC for monitoring the status of the energy sector; (D) to expand industry participation in ES– ISAC; and (E) to provide technical assistance to small electric utilities for purposes of assessing cybermaturity level. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2025. (f) M
ODELING AND ASSESSING ENERGY IN-
FRASTRUCTURE RISK.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop an advanced energy security program to secure energy networks, including elec-tric, natural gas, and oil exploration, trans-mission, and delivery. (2) S
ECURITY AND RESILIENCY OBJECTIVE .— The objective of the program developed under paragraph (1) is to increase the func-tional preservation of the electric grid oper-ations or natural gas and oil operations in the face of natural and human-made threats and hazards, including electric magnetic pulse and geomagnetic disturbances. (3) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—In carrying out the program developed under paragraph (1), the Secretary may— (A) develop capabilities to identify vulnerabilities and critical components that pose major risks to grid security if destroyed or impaired; (B) provide modeling at the national level to predict impacts from natural or human- made events; (C) develop a maturity model for physical security and cybersecurity; (D) conduct exercises and assessments to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities to the electric grid, including providing mitigation recommendations; (E) conduct research hardening solutions for critical components of the electric grid; (F) conduct research mitigation and recov-ery solutions for critical components of the electric grid; and (G) provide technical assistance to States and other entities for standards and risk analysis. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2025. (g) L
EVERAGING EXISTING PROGRAMS .—The programs established under this section shall be carried out consistent with— (1) the report of the Department entitled ‘‘Roadmap to Achieve Energy Delivery Sys-tems Cybersecurity’’ and dated 2011; (2) existing programs of the Department; and (3) any associated strategic framework that links together academic and National Laboratory researchers, electric utilities, manufacturers, and any other relevant pri-vate industry organizations, including the Electricity Sub-sector Coordinating Council. (h) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the North American Electric Reliability Cor-poration, shall conduct a study to explore al-ternative management structures and fund-ing mechanisms to expand industry member-ship and participation in ES–ISAC. (2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port describing the results of the study con-ducted under paragraph (1). Subtitle B—Strategic Petroleum Reserve SEC. 2101. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE MODERNIZATION. 
(a) R EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress reaffirms the continuing strategic impor-tance and need for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve as found and declared in section 151 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6231). (b) S
PRPETROLEUM ACCOUNT .—Section 167(b) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6247(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) O
BLIGATION OF FUNDS FOR THE ACQUISI -
TION, TRANSPORTATION , ANDINJECTION OF PE-
TROLEUM PRODUCTS INTOSPR AND FOR OTHER  P
URPOSES .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSES .—Amounts in the Account may be obligated by the Secretary of Energy for— ‘‘(A) the acquisition, transportation, and injection of petroleum products into the Re-serve; ‘‘(B) test sales of petroleum products from the Reserve; ‘‘(C) the drawdown, sale, and delivery of petroleum products from the Reserve; ‘‘(D) the construction, maintenance, re-pair, and replacement of storage facilities and related facilities; and ‘‘(E) carrying out non-Reserve projects needed to enhance the energy security of the United States by increasing the resilience, reliability, safety, and security of energy supply, transmission, storage, or distribu-tion infrastructure. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNTS .—Amounts in the Account may be obligated by the Secretary of Energy for purposes of paragraph (1), in the case of any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) subject to section 660 of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7270), in such aggregate amounts as may be appropriated in advance in appropriations Acts; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding section 660 of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7270), in an aggregate amount equal to the aggregate amount of the receipts to the United States from the sale of petroleum products in any drawdown and a distribution of the Reserve under section 161, including— ‘‘(i) a drawdown and distribution carried out under subsection (g) of that section; or ‘‘(ii) from the sale of petroleum products under section 160(f). ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds avail-able to the Secretary of Energy for obliga-tion under this subsection may remain avail-able without fiscal year limitation.’’. (c) D
EFINITION OF RELATED FACILITY .—Sec- tion 152(8) of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6232(8)) is amended by inserting ‘‘terminals,’’ after ‘‘res-ervoirs,’’. Subtitle C—Trade 
SEC. 2201. ACTION ON APPLICATIONS TO EXPORT LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS. 
(a) D ECISION DEADLINE .—For proposals that must also obtain authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the Maritime Administration to site, con-struct, expand, or operate liquefied natural gas export facilities, the Secretary shall issue a final decision on any application for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3(a) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(a)) not later than 45 days after the later of— (1) the conclusion of the review to site, construct, expand, or operate the liquefied natural gas export facilities required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or (2) the date of enactment of this Act. (b) C
ONCLUSION OF REVIEW .—For purposes of subsection (a), review required by the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall be considered con-cluded when the lead agency— (1) for a project requiring an Environ-mental Impact Statement, publishes a Final Environmental Impact Statement; (2) for a project for which an Environ-mental Assessment has been prepared, pub-lishes a Finding of No Significant Impact; or (3) determines that an application is eligi-ble for a categorical exclusion pursuant to National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) implementing regula-tions. (c) JUDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except for review in the Supreme Court, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the circuit in which the liquefied natural gas export facility will be located pursuant to an application described in subsection (a) shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil action for the review of— (A) an order issued by the Secretary with respect to such application; or (B) the failure of the Secretary to issue a final decision on such application. (2) O
RDER .—If the Court in a civil action described in paragraph (1) finds that the Sec-retary has failed to issue a final decision on the application as required under subsection (a), the Court shall order the Secretary to issue the final decision not later than 30 days after the order of the Court. (3) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION .—The Court shall— (A) set any civil action brought under this subsection for expedited consideration; and (B) set the matter on the docket as soon as practicable after the filing date of the initial pleading. (4) T
RANSFERS .—In the case of an applica-tion described in subsection (a) for which a petition for review has been filed— (A) upon motion by an applicant, the mat-ter shall be transferred to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the circuit in which a liquefied natural gas export facility will be located pursuant to an application described in sec-tion 3(a) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(a)); and (B) the provisions of this section shall apply. 
SEC. 2202. PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS EXPORT DESTINA-TIONS. 
Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF LNG E XPORT  D
ESTINATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any au-thorization to export liquefied natural gas, the Secretary of Energy shall require the ap-plicant to report to the Secretary of Energy the names of the 1 or more countries of des-tination to which the exported liquefied nat-ural gas is delivered. ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The applicant shall file the report required under paragraph (1) not later than— ‘‘(A) in the case of the first export, the last day of the month following the month of the first export; and ‘‘(B) in the case of subsequent exports, the date that is 30 days after the last day of the applicable month concerning the activity of the previous month. ‘‘(3) D
ISCLOSURE .—The Secretary of Energy shall publish the information reported under this subsection on the website of the Depart-ment of Energy and otherwise make the in-formation available to the public.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S187 January 26, 2016 
SEC. 2203. ENERGY DATA COLLABORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Energy Information Administration (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Adminis-trator’’) shall collaborate with the appro-priate officials in Canada and Mexico, as de-termined by the Administrator, to improve— (1) the quality and transparency of energy data in North America through reconcili-ation of data on energy trade flows among the United States, Canada, and Mexico; (2) the extension of energy mapping capa-bilities in the United States, Canada, and Mexico; and (3) the development of common energy data terminology among the United States, Canada, and Mexico. (b) P
ERIODIC UPDATES .—The Administrator shall periodically submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives an up-date on— (1) the extent to which energy data is being shared under subsection (a); and (2) whether forward-looking projections for regional energy flows are improving in accu-racy as a result of the energy data sharing under that subsection. Subtitle D—Electricity and Energy Storage 
SEC. 2301. GRID STORAGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a program of research, development, and demonstration of electric grid energy storage that addresses the principal chal-lenges identified in the 2013 Department of Energy Strategic Plan for Grid Energy Stor-age. (b) A
REAS OF FOCUS.—The program under this section shall focus on— (1) materials and electrochemical systems research; (2) power conversion technologies research; (3) developing— (A) empirical and science-based industry standards to compare the storage capacity, cycle length and capabilities, and reliability of different types of electricity storage; and (B) validation and testing techniques; (4) other fundamental and applied research critical to widespread deployment of elec-tricity storage; (5) device development that builds on re-sults from research described in paragraphs (1), (2), and (4), including combinations of power electronics, advanced optimizing con-trols, and energy storage as a general pur-pose element of the electric grid; (6) grid-scale testing and analysis of stor-age devices, including test-beds and field trials; (7) cost-benefit analyses that inform cap-ital expenditure planning for regulators and owners and operators of components of the electric grid; (8) electricity storage device safety and re-liability, including potential failure modes, mitigation measures, and operational guide-lines; (9) standards for storage device perform-ance, control interface, grid interconnection, and interoperability; and (10) maintaining a public database of en-ergy storage projects, policies, codes, stand-ards, and regulations. (c) A
SSISTANCE TO STATES .—The Secretary may provide technical and financial assist-ance to States, Indian tribes, or units of local government to participate in or use re-search, development, or deployment of tech-nology developed under this section. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. (e) N
OEFFECT ON OTHER PROVISIONS OF  L
AW.—Nothing in this subtitle or an amend-ment made by this subtitle authorizes regu-latory actions that would duplicate or con-flict with regulatory requirements, manda-tory standards, or related processes under section 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o). SEC. 2302. ELECTRIC SYSTEM GRID ARCHITEC-TURE, SCENARIO DEVELOPMENT, AND MODELING. 
(a) G RIDARCHITECTURE AND SCENARIO DE-
VELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall establish and facilitate a collaborative process to develop model grid architecture and a set of future scenarios for the electric system to examine the impacts of different combinations of resources (in-cluding different quantities of distributed energy resources and large-scale, central generation) on the electric grid. (2) M
ARKET STRUCTURE .—The grid architec-ture and scenarios developed under para-graph (1) shall account for differences in market structure, including an examination of the potential for stranded costs in each type of market structure. (3) F
INDINGS .—Based on the findings of grid architecture developed under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) determine whether any additional standards are necessary to ensure the inter-operability of grid systems and associated communications networks; and (B) if the Secretary makes a determination that additional standards are necessary under subparagraph (A), make recommenda-tions for additional standards, including, as may be appropriate, to the Electric Reli-ability Organization under section 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o). (b) M
ODELING .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary shall— (1) conduct modeling based on the sce-narios developed under subsection (a); and (2) analyze and evaluate the technical and financial impacts of the models to assist States, utilities, and other stakeholders in— (A) enhancing strategic planning efforts; (B) avoiding stranded costs; and (C) maximizing the cost-effectiveness of fu-ture grid-related investments. (c) I
NPUT .—The Secretary shall develop the scenarios and conduct the modeling and analysis under subsections (a) and (b) with participation or input, as appropriate, from— (1) the National Laboratories; (2) States; (3) State regulatory authorities; (4) transmission organizations; (5) representatives of the electric industry; (6) academic institutions; (7) independent research institutes; and (8) other entities. 
SEC. 2303. TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION ON THE DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a grant program to carry out eligible projects related to the modernization of the electric grid, including the application of technologies to improve observability, ad-vanced controls, and prediction of system performance on the distribution system. (b) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—To be eligible for a grant under subsection (a), a project shall— (1) be designed to improve the performance and efficiency of the future electric grid, while ensuring the continued provision of safe, secure, reliable, and affordable power; and (2) demonstrate— (A) secure integration and management of 2 or more energy resources, including dis-tributed energy generation, combined heat and power, micro-grids, energy storage, elec-tric vehicles, energy efficiency, demand re-sponse, and intelligent loads; and (B) secure integration and interoperability of communications and information tech-nologies. (c) PARTICIPATION .—Projects conducted under subsection (b) shall include the par-ticipation of a partnership consisting of 2 or more entities that— (1) may include (A) any institution of higher education; (B) a National Laboratory; (C) a representative of a State or local gov-ernment; (D) a representative of an Indian tribe; or (E) a Federal power marketing administra-tion; and (2) shall include at least 1 of any of— (A) an investor-owned electric utility; (B) a publicly owned utility; (C) a technology provider; (D) a rural electric cooperative; (E) a regional transmission organization; or (F) an independent system operator (d) C
YBERSECURITY PLAN.—Each dem-onstration project conducted under sub-section (a) shall include the development of a cybersecurity plan approved by the Sec-retary. (e) P
RIVACY RISKANALYSIS .—Each dem-onstration project conducted under sub-section (a) shall include a privacy impact as-sessment that evaluates the project against the 5 core concepts in the Voluntary Code of Conduct of the Department, commonly known as the ‘‘DataGuard Energy Data Pri-vacy Program’’, or the most recent revisions to the privacy program of the Department. 
SEC. 2304. HYBRID MICRO-GRID SYSTEMS FOR ISOLATED AND RESILIENT COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
YBRID MICRO -GRID SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘hybrid micro-grid system’’ means a stand- alone electrical system that— (A) is comprised of conventional genera-tion and at least 1 alternative energy re-source; and (B) may use grid-scale energy storage. (2) I
SOLATED COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘iso-lated community’’ means a community that is powered by a stand-alone electric genera-tion and distribution system without the economic and reliability benefits of connec-tion to a regional electric grid. (3) M
ICRO-GRID SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘micro- grid system’’ means a standalone electrical system that uses grid-scale energy storage. (4) S
TRATEGY .—The term ‘‘strategy’’ means the strategy developed pursuant to sub-section (b)(2)(B). (b) P
ROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a program to promote the develop-ment of— (A) hybrid micro-grid systems for isolated communities; and (B) micro-grid systems to increase the re-silience of critical infrastructure. (2) P
HASES .—The program established under paragraph (1) shall be divided into the following phases: (A) Phase I, which shall consist of the de-velopment of a feasibility assessment for— (i) hybrid micro-grid systems in isolated communities; and (ii) micro-grid systems to enhance the re-silience of critical infrastructure. (B) Phase II, which shall consist of the de-velopment of an implementation strategy, in accordance with paragraph (3), to promote the development of hybrid micro-grid sys-tems for isolated communities, particularly for those communities exposed to extreme weather conditions and high energy costs, including electricity, space heating and cool-ing, and transportation. (C) Phase III, which shall be carried out in parallel with Phase II and consist of the de-velopment of an implementation strategy to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES188 January 26, 2016 
promote the development of micro-grid sys-tems that increase the resilience of critical infrastructure. (D) Phase IV, which shall consist of cost- shared demonstration projects, based upon the strategies developed under subparagraph (B) that include the development of physical and cybersecurity plans to take appropriate measures to protect and secure the electric grid. (E) Phase V, which shall establish a bene-fits analysis plan to help inform regulators, policymakers, and industry stakeholders about the affordability, environmental and resilience benefits associated with Phases II, III and IV. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR STRATEGY .—In devel- oping the strategy under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary shall consider— (A) establishing future targets for the eco-nomic displacement of conventional genera-tion using hybrid micro-grid systems, includ-ing displacement of conventional generation used for electric power generation, heating and cooling, and transportation; (B) the potential for renewable resources, including wind, solar, and hydropower, to be integrated into a hybrid micro-grid system; (C) opportunities for improving the effi-ciency of existing hybrid micro-grid systems; (D) the capacity of the local workforce to operate, maintain, and repair a hybrid micro-grid system; (E) opportunities to develop the capacity of the local workforce to operate, maintain, and repair a hybrid micro-grid system; (F) leveraging existing capacity within local or regional research organizations, such as organizations based at institutions of higher education, to support development of hybrid micro-grid systems, including by testing novel components and systems prior to field deployment; (G) the need for basic infrastructure to de-velop, deploy, and sustain a hybrid micro- grid system; (H) input of traditional knowledge from local leaders of isolated communities in the development of a hybrid micro-grid system; (I) the impact of hybrid micro-grid systems on defense, homeland security, economic de-velopment, and environmental interests; (J) opportunities to leverage existing interagency coordination efforts and rec-ommendations for new interagency coordina-tion efforts to minimize unnecessary over-head, mobilization, and other project costs; and (K) any other criteria the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. (c) C
OLLABORATION .—The program estab-lished under subsection (b)(1) shall be carried out in collaboration with relevant stake-holders, including, as appropriate— (1) States; (2) Indian tribes; (3) regional entities and regulators; (4) units of local government; (5) institutions of higher education; and (6) private sector entities. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the efforts to imple-ment the program established under sub-section (b)(1) and the status of the strategy developed under subsection (b)(2)(B). 
SEC. 2305. VOLUNTARY MODEL PATHWAYS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF VOLUNTARY MODEL  P
ATHWAYS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall initiate the development of voluntary model pathways for modernizing the electric grid through a collaborative, public-private effort that— (A) produces illustrative policy pathways that can be adapted for State and regional applications by regulators and policymakers; (B) facilitates the modernization of the electric grid to achieve the objectives de-scribed in paragraph (2); (C) ensures a reliable, resilient, affordable, safe, and secure electric system; and (D) acknowledges and provides for different priorities, electric systems, and rate struc-tures across States and regions. (2) OBJECTIVES .—The pathways established under paragraph (1) shall facilitate achieve-ment of the following objectives: (A) Near real-time situational awareness of the electric system. (B) Data visualization. (C) Advanced monitoring and control of the advanced electric grid. (D) Enhanced certainty for private invest-ment in the electric system. (E) Increased innovation. (F) Greater consumer empowerment. (G) Enhanced grid resilience, reliability, and robustness. (H) Improved— (i) integration of distributed energy re-sources; (ii) interoperability of the electric system; and (iii) predictive modeling and capacity fore-casting. (3) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a steering com-mittee to facilitate the development of the pathways under paragraph (1), to be com-posed of members appointed by the Sec-retary, consisting of persons with appro-priate expertise representing a diverse range of interests in the public, private, and aca-demic sectors, including representatives of— (A) the Smart Grid Task Force; and (B) the Smart Grid Advisory Committee. (b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance to States, Indian tribes, or units of local government to adopt 1 or more elements of the pathways de-veloped under subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 2306. PERFORMANCE METRICS FOR ELEC-TRICITY INFRASTRUCTURE PRO-VIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that in-cludes— (1) an evaluation of the performance of the electric grid as of the date of the report; and (2) a description of the quantified costs and benefits associated with the changes evalu-ated under the scenarios developed under section 2302. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF  M
ETRICS .—In developing metrics for evalu-ating and quantifying the electric grid under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider— (1) standard methodologies for calculating improvements or deteriorations in the per-formance metrics, such as reliability, grid efficiency, power quality, consumer satisfac-tion, sustainability, and financial incentives; (2) standard methodologies for calculating value to ratepayers, including broad eco-nomic and related impacts from improve-ments to the performance metrics; (3) appropriate ownership and operating roles for electric utilities that would enable improved performance through the adoption of emerging, commercially available or ad-vanced grid technologies or solutions, in-cluding— (A) multicustomer micro-grids; (B) distributed energy resources; (C) energy storage; (D) electric vehicles; (E) electric vehicle charging infrastruc-ture; (F) integrated information and commu-nications systems; (G) transactive energy systems; and (H) advanced demand management sys-tems; and (4) with respect to States, the role of the grid operator in enabling a robust future electric system to ensure that— (A) electric utilities remain financially viable; (B) electric utilities make the needed in-vestments that ensure a reliable, secure, and resilient grid; and (C) costs incurred to transform to an inte-grated grid are allocated and recovered re-sponsibly, efficiently, and equitably. SEC. 2307. STATE AND REGIONAL ELECTRICITY DISTRIBUTION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon the request of a State or regional organization, the Secretary shall partner with States and regional orga-nizations to facilitate the development of State and regional electricity distribution plans by— (1) conducting a resource assessment and analysis of future demand and distribution requirements; and (2) developing open source tools for State and regional planning and operations. (b) R
ISK AND SECURITY ANALYSIS .—The as- sessment under subsection (a)(1) shall in-clude— (1) the evaluation of the physical and cy-bersecurity needs of an advanced distribu-tion management system and the integra-tion of distributed energy resources; and (2) advanced use of grid architecture to analyze risks in an all-hazards approach that includes communications infrastructure, control systems architecture, and power sys-tems architecture. (c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—For the pur-pose of developing State and regional elec-tricity distribution plans, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to— (1) States; (2) regional reliability entities; and (3) other distribution asset owners and op-erators. 
SEC. 2308. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out sections 2302 through 2307 $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SEC. 2309. ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION INFRA-STRUCTURE PERMITTING. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY RAPID RESPONSE TEAM 
FORTRANSMISSION .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an interagency rapid response team, to be known as the ‘‘Interagency Rapid Response Team for Transmission’’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Team’’), to expedite and improve the permitting process for electric transmission infrastructure on Federal land and non-Federal land. (2) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Team shall be— (A) to improve the timeliness and effi-ciency of electric transmission infrastruc-ture permitting; and (B) to facilitate the performance of main-tenance and upgrades to electric trans-mission lines on Federal land and non-Fed-eral land. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Team shall be com-prised of representatives of— (A) the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission; (B) the Department; (C) the Department of the Interior; (D) the Department of Defense; (E) the Department of Agriculture; (F) the Council on Environmental Quality; (G) the Department of Commerce; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S189 January 26, 2016 
(H) the Advisory Council on Historic Pres-ervation; and (I) the Environmental Protection Agency. (4) D
UTIES .—The Team shall— (A) facilitate coordination and unified en-vironmental documentation among electric transmission infrastructure project appli-cants, Federal agencies, States, and Indian tribes involved in the siting and permitting process; (B) establish clear timelines for the review and coordination of electric transmission in-frastructure projects by the applicable agen-cies; (C) ensure that each electric transmission infrastructure project is posted on the Fed-eral permitting transmission tracking sys-tem known as ‘‘e-Trans’’, including informa-tion on the status and anticipated comple-tion date of each project; and (D) regularly notify all participating mem-bers of the Team involved in any specific permit of— (i) any outstanding agency action that is required with respect to the permit; and (ii) any approval or required comment that has exceeded statutory or agency timelines for completion, including an identification of any Federal agency, department, or field of-fice that has not met the applicable timeline. (5) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Annually, the Team shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes the average completion time for spe-cific categories of regionally and nationally significant transmission projects, based on information obtained from the applicable Federal agencies. (6) U
SE OF DATA BY OMB .—Using data pro-vided by the Team, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall prioritize inclusion of individual electric transmission infrastructure projects on the website oper-ated by the Office of Management and Budg-et in accordance with section 1122 of title 31, United States Code. (b) T
RANSMISSION OMBUDSPERSON .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—To enhance and en-sure the reliability of the electric grid, there is established within the Council on Environ-mental Quality the position of Transmission Ombudsperson (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Ombudsperson’’), to provide a unified point of contact for— (A) resolving interagency or intra-agency issues or delays with respect to electric transmission infrastructure permits; and (B) receiving and resolving complaints from parties with outstanding or in-process applications relating to electric trans-mission infrastructure. (2) D
UTIES .—The Ombudsperson shall— (A) establish a process for— (i) facilitating the permitting process for performance of maintenance and upgrades to electric transmission lines on Federal land and non-Federal land, with a special empha-sis on facilitating access for immediate maintenance, repair, and vegetation man-agement needs; (ii) resolving complaints filed with the Ombudsperson with respect to in-process electric transmission infrastructure permits; and (iii) issuing recommended resolutions to address the complaints filed with the Ombudsperson; and (B) hear, compile, and share any com-plaints filed with Ombudsperson relating to in-process electric transmission infrastruc-ture permits. (c) A
GREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior, with respect to public lands (as defined in section 103(e) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1702(e)), and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National Forest System land, shall provide for continuity of the existing use and occu-pancy for the transmission of electric energy by any Federal department or agency grant-ed across public lands or National Forest System land. (2) AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary of the In-terior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as ap-plicable, within 30 days after receiving a re-quest from the Federal department or agen-cy administering the electric energy trans-mission facilities, shall, in consultation with that department or agency, initiate agree-ments regarding the use and occupancy or right-of-way (including vegetation manage-ment agreements, where applicable). 
SEC. 2310. REPORT BY TRANSMISSION ORGANIZA-TIONS ON DISTRIBUTED ENERGY RE-SOURCES AND MICRO-GRID SYS-TEMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
ISTRIBUTED ENERGY RESOURCE .—The term ‘‘distributed energy resource’’ means an electricity supply resource that, as per-mitted by State law— (A)(i) is interconnected to the electric sys-tem operated by a transmission organization at or below 69kV; and (ii) is subject to dispatch by the trans-mission organization; and (B)(i) generates electricity using any pri-mary energy source, including solar energy and other renewable resources; or (ii) stores energy and is capable of sup-plying electricity to the electric system op-erated by the transmission organization from the storage reservoir. (2) E
LECTRIC GENERATING CAPACITY RE -
SOURCE .—The term ‘‘electric generating ca-pacity resource’’ means an electric gener-ating resource, as measured by the max-imum load-carrying ability of the resource, exclusive of station use and planned, un-planned, or other outage or derating, that is subject to dispatch by a transmission organi-zation to meet the resource adequacy needs of the systems operated by the transmission organization. (3) M
ICRO-GRID SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘micro- grid system’’ means an electrically distinct system under common control that— (A) serves an electric load at or below 69kV from a distributed energy resource or elec-tric generating capacity resource; and (B) is subject to dispatch by a transmission organization. (4) T
RANSMISSION ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘transmission organization’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) N
OTICE .—Not later than 14 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall submit to each trans-mission organization notice that the trans-mission organization is required to file with the Commission a report in accordance with paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which a transmission organiza-tion receives a notice under paragraph (1), the transmission organization shall submit to the Commission a report that— (A)(i) identifies distributed energy re-sources and micro-grid systems that are sub-ject to dispatch by the transmission organi-zation as of the date of the report; and (ii) describes the fuel sources and oper-ational characteristics of such distributed energy resources and micro-grid systems, in-cluding, to the extent practicable, a discus-sion of the benefits and costs associated with the distributed energy resources and micro- grid systems identified under clause (i); (B) evaluates, with due regard for oper-ational and economic benefits and costs, the potential for distributed energy resources and micro-grid systems to be deployed to the transmission organization over the short- and long-term periods in the planning cycle of the transmission organization; and (C) identifies— (i) over the short- and long-term periods in the planning cycle of the transmission orga-nization, barriers to the deployment to the transmission organization of distributed en-ergy resources and micro-grid systems; and (ii) potential changes to the operational requirements for, or charges associated with, the interconnection of distributed energy re-sources and micro-grid systems to the trans-mission organization that would reduce the barriers identified under clause (i). SEC. 2311. NET METERING STUDY GUIDANCE. 
Title XVIII of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 1122) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1841. NET ENERGY METERING STUDY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) issue guidance on criteria required to be included in studies of net metering con-ducted by the Department; and ‘‘(2) undertake a study of net energy me-tering. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS AND CONTENTS .—The model guidance issued under subsection (a) shall clarify without prejudice to other study criteria that any study of net energy metering, including the study conducted by the Department under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) be publicly available; and ‘‘(2) assess benefits and costs of net energy metering, including— ‘‘(A) load data, including hourly profiles; ‘‘(B) distributed generation production data; ‘‘(C) best available technology, including inverter capability; and ‘‘(D) benefits and costs of distributed en-ergy deployment, including— ‘‘(i) environmental benefits; ‘‘(ii) changes in electric system reliability; ‘‘(iii) changes in peak power requirements; ‘‘(iv) provision of ancillary services, in-cluding reactive power; ‘‘(v) changes in power quality; ‘‘(vi) changes in land-use effects; ‘‘(vii) changes in right-of-way acquisition costs; ‘‘(viii) changes in vulnerability to ter-rorism; and ‘‘(ix) changes in infrastructure resil-ience.’’. Subtitle E—Computing 
SEC. 2401. EXASCALE COMPUTER RESEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) R ENAMING OF ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1 of the Depart-ment of Energy High-End Computing Revi-talization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5501 note; Public Law 108–423) is amended by striking ‘‘Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘Exascale Computing Act of 2016’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 976(a)(1) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16316(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘De-partment of Energy High-End Computing Re-vitalization Act of 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘Exascale Computing Act of 2016’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Exascale Computing Act of 2016 (15 U.S.C. 5541) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6), respec-tively; (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ means the Department of Energy. ‘‘(2) E
XASCALE COMPUTING .—The term ‘exascale computing’ means computing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES190 January 26, 2016 
through the use of a computing machine that performs near or above 10 to the 18th power floating point operations per second.’’; and (3) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)), by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy’’. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY HIGH-ENDCOM-
PUTING RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 3 of the Exascale Computing Act of 2016 (15 U.S.C. 5542) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated program across the Department’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘, which may’’ and all that follows through ‘‘architec-tures’’; and (3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) E
XASCALE COMPUTING PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a research program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Program’) to develop 2 or more exascale computing machine architec-tures to promote the missions of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) establish 2 or more National Labora-tory partnerships with industry partners and institutions of higher education for the re-search and development of 2 or more exascale computing architectures across all applicable organizations of the Department; and ‘‘(ii) provide, as appropriate, on a competi-tive, merit-reviewed basis, access for re-searchers in industries in the United States, institutions of higher education, National Laboratories, and other Federal agencies to the exascale computing systems developed pursuant to clause (i). ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION OF PARTNERS .—The Sec- retary shall select members for the partner-ships with the computing facilities of the De-partment under subparagraph (A) through a competitive, peer-review process. ‘‘(3) C
ODESIGN AND APPLICATION DEVELOP -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the Program through an integra-tion of applications, computer science, ap-plied mathematics, and computer hardware architecture using the partnerships estab-lished pursuant to paragraph (2) to ensure that, to the maximum extent practicable, 2 or more exascale computing machine archi-tectures are capable of solving Department target applications and broader scientific problems. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on how the integration under subparagraph (A) is furthering applica-tion science data and computational work-loads across application interests, including national security, material science, physical science, cybersecurity, biological science, the Materials Genome and BRAIN Initiatives of the President, advanced manufacturing, and the national electric grid. ‘‘(4) P
ROJECT REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The exascale architec-tures developed pursuant to partnerships es-tablished pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be reviewed through a project review process. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(i) the results of the review conducted under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) the coordination and management of the Program to ensure an integrated re-search program across the Department. ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the time of the budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the members of the partnerships established pursuant to paragraph (2), shall submit to Congress a report that describes funding for the Program as a whole by func-tional element of the Department and crit-ical milestones.’’. (d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 4 of the Exascale Computing Act of 2016 (15 U.S.C. 5543) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) $272,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $340,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(3) $360,000,000 for fiscal year 2018.’’. TITLE III—SUPPLY Subtitle A—Renewables PART I—HYDROELECTRIC 
SEC. 3001. HYDROPOWER REGULATORY IM-PROVEMENTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE USE OF HY-
DROPOWER RENEWABLE RESOURCES .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) hydropower is a renewable resource for purposes of all Federal programs and is an essential source of energy in the United States; and (2) the United States should increase sub-stantially the capacity and generation of clean, renewable hydropower resources that would improve environmental quality in the United States. (b) M
ODIFYING THE DEFINITION OF RENEW -
ABLE ENERGY TO INCLUDE HYDROPOWER .—Sec- tion 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘the fol-lowing amounts’’ and all that follows through paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘not less than 15 percent in fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter shall be renewable en-ergy.’’ ; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY .—The term ‘re-newable energy’ means energy produced from solar, wind, biomass, landfill gas, ocean (in-cluding tidal, wave, current, and thermal), geothermal, municipal solid waste, or hydro-power.’’. (c) L
ICENSES FOR CONSTRUCTION .—Section 4(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 797(e)) is amended, in the first proviso, by striking ‘‘deem’’ and inserting ‘‘determine to be’’. (d) P
RELIMINARY PERMITS .—Section 5 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 798) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘three’’ and inserting ‘‘4’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Commission may extend the period of a preliminary permit once for not more than 2 additional years beyond the 3 years’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Com-mission may— ‘‘(1) extend the period of a preliminary per-mit once for not more than 4 additional years beyond the 4 years’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) after the end of an extension period granted under paragraph (1), issue an addi-tional permit to the permittee if the Com-mission determines that there are extraor-dinary circumstances that warrant the issuance of the additional permit.’’. (e) T
IME LIMIT FOR CONSTRUCTION OF  P
ROJECT WORKS .—Section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘once but not longer than two additional years’’ and in-serting ‘‘for not more than 8 additional years,’’. (f) LICENSE TERM.—Section 15(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 808(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(e) Except’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) L
ICENSE TERM ON RELICENSING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In determining the term of a license under paragraph (1), the Commission shall consider project-related investments by the licensee over the term of the existing license (including any terms under annual licenses) that resulted in new development, construction, capacity, effi-ciency improvements, or environmental measures, but which did not result in the ex-tension of the term of the license by the Commission.’’. (g) O
PERATION OF NAVIGATION FACILITIES .— Section 18 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 811) is amended by striking the sec-ond, third, and fourth sentences. (h) A
LTERNATIVE CONDITIONS AND PRESCRIP -
TIONS .—Section 33 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 823d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘deems’’ and inserting ‘‘determines’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘determined to be necessary’’ before ‘‘by the Secretary’’; (C) by striking paragraph (4); and (D) by striking paragraph (5); (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (4); and (B) by striking paragraph (5); and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) F
URTHER CONDITIONS .—This section applies to any further conditions or prescrip-tions proposed or imposed pursuant to sec-tion 4(e), 6, or 18.’’. (i) L
ICENSING PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS AND  C
OORDINATION .—Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 34. LICENSING PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) L ICENSE STUDIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To facilitate the timely and efficient completion of the license pro-ceedings under this part, the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) conduct an investigation of best prac-tices in performing licensing studies, includ-ing methodologies and the design of studies to assess the full range of environmental im-pacts of a project; ‘‘(B) compile a comprehensive collection of studies and data accessible to the public that could be used to inform license proceedings under this paragraph; and ‘‘(C) encourage license applicants and co-operating agencies to develop and use, for the purpose of fostering timely and efficient consideration of license applications, a lim-ited number of open-source methodologies and tools applicable across a wide array of projects, including water balance models and streamflow analyses. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF EXISTING STUDIES .—To the max-imum extent practicable, the Commission shall use existing studies and data in indi-vidual licensing proceedings under this part in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) N
ONDUPLICATION REQUIREMENT .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Commis-sion shall ensure that studies and data re-quired for any Federal authorization (as de-fined in section 35(a)) applicable to a par-ticular project or facility are not duplicated in other licensing proceedings under this part. ‘‘(4) B
IOLOGICAL OPINIONS .—To the max-imum extent practicable, the Secretary of Commerce shall ensure that relevant offices within the National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice prepare any biological opinion under sec-tion 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S191 January 26, 2016 
(16 U.S.C. 1536) that forms the basis for a pre-scription under section 18 on a concurrent rather than sequential basis. ‘‘(5) W
ATER QUALITY CERTIFICATION DEAD -
LINE.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of issuing a license under this part, the deadline for a certifying agency to act under section 401(a) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341(a)) shall take effect only on the submission of a request for certification determined to be complete by the certifying agency. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF COMPLETE REQUEST .—The certifying agency shall inform the Commis-sion when a request for certification is deter-mined to be complete. 
‘‘SEC. 35. LICENSING PROCESS COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF FEDERAL AUTHORIZA -
TION.—In this section, the term ‘Federal au-thorization’ means any authorization re-quired under Federal law (including any li-cense, permit, special use authorization, cer-tification, opinion, consultation, determina-tion, or other approval) with respect to— ‘‘(1) a project licensed under section 4 or 15; or ‘‘(2) a facility exempted under— ‘‘(A) section 30; or ‘‘(B) section 405(d) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2705(d)). ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION AS LEADAGENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall act as the lead agency for the purposes of co-ordinating all applicable Federal authoriza-tions. ‘‘(2) O
THER AGENCIES .—Each Federal and State agency considering an aspect of an ap-plication for Federal authorization shall co-operate with the Commission. ‘‘(c) S
CHEDULE .— ‘‘(1) T
IMING FOR ISSUANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that all Federal authorizations required for a project or facility, including a license or exemption order of the Commis-sion, should be issued by the date that is 3 years after the date on which an application is considered to be complete by the Commis-sion. ‘‘(2) C
OMMISSION SCHEDULE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall establish a schedule for the issuance of all Federal authorizations. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the schedule under subparagraph (A), the Com-mission shall— ‘‘(i) consult and cooperate with the Federal and State agencies responsible for a Federal authorization; ‘‘(ii) ensure the expeditious completion of all proceedings relating to a Federal author-ization; and ‘‘(iii) comply with applicable schedules es-tablished by Federal law with respect to a Federal authorization. ‘‘(3) R
ESOLUTION OF INTERAGENCY DIS -
PUTES .—If the Federal agency fails to adhere to the schedule established by the Commis-sion under paragraph (2), or if the final con-dition of the Secretary under section 4(e) or prescription under section 18 has been unrea-sonably delayed in derogation of the sched-ule established under paragraph (2), or if a proposed alternative condition or prescrip-tion has been unreasonably denied, or if a final condition or prescription would be in-consistent with the purposes of this part or other applicable law, the Commission may refer the matter to the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality— ‘‘(A) to ensure timely participation; ‘‘(B) to ensure a timely decision; ‘‘(C) to mediate the dispute; or ‘‘(D) to refer the matter to the President. ‘‘(d) C
ONSOLIDATED RECORD .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Commission shall maintain official consolidated records of all license proceedings under this part. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— Any Federal or State agency that is pro-viding recommendations with respect to a li-cense proceeding under this part shall sub-mit to the Commission for inclusion in the consolidated record relating to the license proceeding maintained under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the recommendations; ‘‘(B) the rationale for the recommenda-tions; and ‘‘(C) any supporting materials relating to the recommendations. ‘‘(3) W
RITTEN STATEMENT .—In a case in which a Federal agency is making a deter-mination with respect to a covered measure (as defined in section 36(a)), the head of the Federal agency shall include in the consoli-dated record a written statement dem-onstrating that the Federal agency gave equal consideration to the effects of the cov-ered measure on— ‘‘(A) energy supply, distribution, cost, and use; ‘‘(B) flood control; ‘‘(C) navigation; ‘‘(D) water supply; and ‘‘(E) air quality and the preservation of other aspects of environmental quality. 
‘‘SEC. 36. TRIAL-TYPE HEARINGS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF COVERED MEASURE .—In this section, the term ‘covered measure’ means— ‘‘(1) a condition prescribed under section 4(e), including an alternative condition pro-posed under section 33(a); ‘‘(2) fishways prescribed under section 18, including an alternative prescription pro-posed under section 33(b); or ‘‘(3) any further condition pursuant to sec-tion 4(e), 6, or 18. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF TRIAL-TYPE HEAR-
ING.—The license applicant (including an ap-plicant for a license under section 15) and any party to the proceeding shall be entitled to a determination on the record, after op-portunity for a trial-type hearing of not more than 120 days, on any disputed issues of material fact with respect to an applicable covered measure. ‘‘(c) D
EADLINE FOR REQUEST .—A request for a trial-type hearing under this section shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date on which, as applicable— ‘‘(1) the Secretary submits the condition under section 4(e) or prescription under sec-tion 18; or ‘‘(2)(A) the Commission publishes notice of the intention to use the reserved authority of the Commission to order a further condi-tion under section 6; or ‘‘(B) the Secretary exercises reserved au-thority under the license to prescribe, sub-mit, or revise any condition to a license under the first proviso of section 4(e) or fishway prescribed under section 18, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(d) N
OREQUIREMENT TO EXHAUST .—By electing not to request a trial-type hearing under subsection (d), a license applicant and any other party to a license proceeding shall not be considered to have waived the right of the applicant or other party to raise any issue of fact or law in a non-trial-type pro-ceeding, but no issue may be raised for the first time on rehearing or judicial review of the license decision of the Commission. ‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE LAWJUDGE .—All dis- puted issues of material fact raised by a party in a request for a trial-type hearing submitted under subsection (d) shall be de-termined in a single trial-type hearing to be conducted by an Administrative Law Judge within the Office of Administrative Law Judges and Dispute Resolution of the Com-mission, in accordance with the Commission rules of practice and procedure under part 385 of title 18, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), and within the timeframe established by the Commission for each license proceeding (including a pro-ceeding for a license under section 15) under section 35(c). ‘‘(f) STAY.—The Administrative Law Judge may impose a stay of a trial-type hearing under this section for a period of not more than 120 days to facilitate settlement nego-tiations relating to resolving the disputed issues of material fact with respect to the covered measure. ‘‘(g) D
ECISION OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE LAW J
UDGE .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTENTS .—The decision of the Ad-ministrative Law Judge shall contain— ‘‘(A) findings of fact on all disputed issues of material fact; ‘‘(B) conclusions of law necessary to make the findings of fact, including rulings on ma-teriality and the admissibility of evidence; and ‘‘(C) reasons for the findings and conclu-sions. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The decision of the Ad-ministrative Law Judge shall not contain conclusions as to whether— ‘‘(A) any condition or prescription should be adopted, modified, or rejected; or ‘‘(B) any alternative condition or prescrip-tion should be adopted, modified, or rejected. ‘‘(3) F
INALITY .—A decision of an Adminis-trative Law Judge under this section with respect to a disputed issue of material fact shall not be subject to further administra-tive review. ‘‘(4) S
ERVICE .—The Administrative Law Judge shall serve the decision on each party to the hearing and forward the complete record of the hearing to the Commission and the Secretary that proposed the original con-dition or prescription. ‘‘(h) S
ECRETARIAL DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Administrative Law Judge issues the decision under sub-section (g) and in accordance with the sched-ule established by the Commission under section 35(c), the Secretary proposing a con-dition under section 4(e) or a prescription under section 18 shall file with the Commis-sion a final determination to adopt, modify, or withdraw any condition or prescription that was the subject of a hearing under this section, based on the decision of the Admin-istrative Law Judge. ‘‘(2) R
ECORD OF DETERMINATION .—The final determination of the Secretary filed with the Commission shall identify the reasons for the decision and any considerations taken into account that were not part of, or inconsistent with, the findings of the Admin-istrative Law Judge and shall be included in the consolidated record in section 35(d). ‘‘(i) L
ICENSING DECISION OF THE COMMIS -
SION.—Notwithstanding sections 4(e) and 18, if the Commission finds that the final condi-tion or prescription of the Secretary is in-consistent with the purposes of this part or other applicable law, the Commission may refer the matter to the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality under sec-tion 35(c). ‘‘(j) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—The decision of the Administrative Law Judge and the record of determination of the Secretary shall be in-cluded in the record of the applicable licens-ing proceeding and subject to judicial review of the final licensing decision of the Commis-sion under section 313(b). 
‘‘SEC. 37. PUMPED STORAGE PROJECTS. 
‘‘In carrying out section 6(a) of the Hydro-power Regulatory Efficiency Act of 2013 (16 U.S.C. 797 note; Public Law 113–23), the Com-mission shall consider a closed loop pumped storage project to include a project— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES192 January 26, 2016 
‘‘(1) in which the upper and lower res-ervoirs do not impound or directly withdraw water from a navigable stream; or ‘‘(2) that is not continuously connected to a naturally flowing water feature. 
‘‘SEC. 38. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) C OMMISSION ANNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives an annual report that— ‘‘(A) describes and quantifies, for each li-censed, exempted, or proposed project under this part or section 405(d) of the Public Util-ity Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2705(d)) (referred to in this subsection as the ‘covered project’), the quantity of energy and capacity authorized for new development and reauthorized for continued operation during the reporting year, including an assessment of the economic, climactic, air quality, and other environmental benefits achieved by the new and reauthorized energy and capac-ity; ‘‘(B) describes and quantifies the loss of en-ergy, capacity, or ancillary services as a re-sult of any licensing action under this part or other requirement under Federal law dur-ing the reporting year; ‘‘(C) identifies any application to license, relicense, or expand a covered project pend-ing as of the date of the annual report, in-cluding a quantification of the new energy and capacity with the potential to be gained or lost by action relating to the covered project; and ‘‘(D) lists all proposed covered projects that, as of the date of the annual report, are subject to a preliminary permit issued under section 4(f), including a description of the quantity of new energy and capacity that would be achieved through the development of each proposed covered project. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The Commission shall establish and maintain a publicly available website or comparable resource that tracks all information required for the annual re-port under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) R
ESOURCE AGENCY ANNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Federal or State re-source agency that is participating in any Commission proceeding under this part or that has responsibilities for any Federal au-thorization shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives a re-port that— ‘‘(A) describes each term, condition, or other requirement prepared by the resource agency during the reporting year with re-spect to a Commission proceeding under this part, including— ‘‘(i) an assessment of whether implementa-tion of the term, condition, or other require-ment would result in the loss of energy, ca-pacity, or ancillary services at the project, including a quantification of the losses; ‘‘(ii) an analysis of economic, air quality, climactic and other environmental effects associated with implementation of the term, condition, or other requirement; ‘‘(iii) a demonstration, based on evidence in the record of the Commission, that the re-source agency prepared the term, condition, or other requirement in a manner that meets the policy established by this part while dis-charging the responsibilities of the resource agency under this part or any other applica-ble requirement under Federal law; and ‘‘(iv) a statement of whether the head of the applicable Federal agency has rendered final approval of the term, condition, or other requirement, or whether the term, con-dition, or other requirement remains a pre-liminary recommendation of staff of the re-source agency; and ‘‘(B) identifies all pending, scheduled, and anticipated proceedings under this part that, as of the date of the annual report, the re-source agency expects to participate in, or has any approval or participatory respon-sibilities for under Federal law, including— ‘‘(i) an accounting of whether the resource agency met all deadlines or other milestones established by the resource agency or the Commission during the reporting year; and ‘‘(ii) the specific plans of the resource agency for allocating sufficient resources for each project during the upcoming year. ‘‘(2) AVAILABILITY .—Any resource agency preparing an annual report to Congress under paragraph (1) shall establish and main-tain a publicly available website or com-parable resource that tracks all information required for the annual report.’’. (j) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission (as the term is defined in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796)) shall establish a voluntary pilot program covering at least 1 region in which the Commission, in consulta-tion with the heads of cooperating agencies, shall direct a set of region-wide studies to in-form subsequent project-level studies within each region. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, if the conditions under paragraph (3) are met, the Commission, in consultation with the heads of cooperating agencies, shall des-ignate 1 or more regions to be studied under this subsection. (3) V
OLUNTARY BASIS .—The Commission may only designate regions under paragraph (2) in which every licensee, on a voluntary basis and in writing, agrees— (A) to be included in the pilot program; and (B) to any cost-sharing arrangement with other licensees and applicable Federal and State agencies with respect to conducting basin-wide studies. (4) S
CALE .—The regions designated under paragraph (2) shall— (A) be at an adequately large scale to cover at least 5 existing projects that— (i) are licensed under this part; and (ii) the licenses of which shall expire not later than 15 years after the date of enact-ment of this section; and (B) be likely to yield region-wide studies and information that will significantly re-duce the need for and scope of subsequent project-level studies and information. (5) P
ROJECT LICENSE TERMS .—The Commis-sion may extend the term of any existing li-cense within a region designated under para-graph (2) by up to 8 years to provide suffi-cient time for relevant region-wide studies to inform subsequent project-level studies. 
SEC. 3002. HYDROELECTRIC PRODUCTION INCEN-TIVES AND EFFICIENCY IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) H YDROELECTRIC PRODUCTION INCEN -
TIVES .—Section 242 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15881) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’; (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (3) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2006 through 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025’’. (b) H
YDROELECTRIC EFFICIENCY IMPROVE -
MENT .—Section 243(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15882(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2006 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025’’. SEC. 3003. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR A FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING CLARK CAN-YON DAM. 
Notwithstanding the time period described in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12429, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) shall, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice and in accordance with the procedures of the Commission under that section, reinstate the license and extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of project works for the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3004. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR A FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING GIBSON DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the re-quirements of section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12478–003, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice and in accordance with the procedures of the Commission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is re-quired to commence construction of the project for a 6-year period that begins on the date described in subsection (b). (b) D
ATEDESCRIBED .—The date described in this subsection is the date of the expiration of the extension of the period required for commencement of construction for the project described in subsection (a) that was issued by the Commission prior to the date of enactment of this Act under section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806). PART II—GEOTHERMAL Subpart A—Geothermal Energy 
SEC. 3005. NATIONAL GOALS FOR PRODUCTION AND SITE IDENTIFICATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that, not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of the Interior shall seek to approve a significant increase in new geo-thermal energy capacity on public land across a geographically diverse set of States using the full range of available tech-nologies; and (2) the Director of the Geological Survey and the Secretary should identify sites capa-ble of producing a total of 50,000 megawatts of geothermal power, using the full range of available technologies. 
SEC. 3006. PRIORITY AREAS FOR DEVELOPMENT ON FEDERAL LAND. 
The Director of the Bureau of Land Man-agement, in consultation with other appro-priate Federal agencies, shall— (1) identify high priority areas for new geo-thermal development; and (2) take any actions the Director deter-mines necessary to facilitate that develop-ment, consistent with applicable laws. 
SEC. 3007. FACILITATION OF COPRODUCTION OF GEOTHERMAL ENERGY ON OIL AND GAS LEASES. 
Section 4(b) of the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 (30 U.S.C. 1003(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(4) L
AND SUBJECT TO OIL AND GAS LEASE .— Land under an oil and gas lease issued pursu-ant to the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands (30 U.S.C. 351 et seq.) that is subject to an approved application for per-mit to drill and from which oil and gas pro-duction is occurring may be available for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S193 January 26, 2016 
noncompetitive leasing under this section to the holder of the oil and gas lease— ‘‘(A) on a determination that— ‘‘(i) geothermal energy will be produced from a well producing or capable of pro-ducing oil and gas; and ‘‘(ii) national energy security will be im-proved by the issuance of such a lease; and ‘‘(B) to provide for the coproduction of geo-thermal energy with oil and gas.’’. 
SEC. 3008. NONCOMPETITIVE LEASING OF AD-JOINING AREAS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF GEOTHERMAL RESOURCES. 
Section 4(b) of the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 (30 U.S.C. 1003(b)) (as amended by sec-tion 3007) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
DJOINING LAND .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) F
AIR MARKET VALUE PER ACRE .—The term ‘fair market value per acre’ means a dollar amount per acre that— ‘‘(I) except as provided in this clause, shall be equal to the market value per acre (tak-ing into account the determination under subparagraph (B)(iii) regarding a valid dis-covery on the adjoining land), as determined by the Secretary under regulations issued under this paragraph; ‘‘(II) shall be determined by the Secretary with respect to a lease under this paragraph, by not later than the end of the 180-day pe-riod beginning on the date the Secretary re-ceives an application for the lease; and ‘‘(III) shall be not less than the greater of— ‘‘(aa) 4 times the median amount paid per acre for all land leased under this Act during the preceding year; or ‘‘(bb) $50. ‘‘(ii) I
NDUSTRY STANDARDS .—The term ‘in-dustry standards’ means the standards by which a qualified geothermal professional as-sesses whether downhole or flowing tempera-ture measurements with indications of per-meability are sufficient to produce energy from geothermal resources, as determined through flow or injection testing or measure-ment of lost circulation while drilling. ‘‘(iii) Q
UALIFIED FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘qualified Federal land’ means land that is otherwise available for leasing under this Act. ‘‘(iv) Q
UALIFIED GEOTHERMAL PROFES -
SIONAL .—The term ‘qualified geothermal pro-fessional’ means an individual who is an en-gineer or geoscientist in good professional standing with at least 5 years of experience in geothermal exploration, development, or project assessment. ‘‘(v) Q
UALIFIED LESSEE .—The term ‘quali-fied lessee’ means a person that is eligible to hold a geothermal lease under this Act (in-cluding applicable regulations). ‘‘(vi) V
ALID DISCOVERY .—The term ‘valid discovery’ means a discovery of a geo-thermal resource by a new or existing slim hole or production well, that exhibits downhole or flowing temperature measure-ments with indications of permeability that are sufficient to meet industry standards. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—An area of qualified Fed-eral land that adjoins other land for which a qualified lessee holds a legal right to develop geothermal resources may be available for a noncompetitive lease under this section to the qualified lessee at the fair market value per acre, if— ‘‘(i) the area of qualified Federal land— ‘‘(I) consists of not less than 1 acre and not more than 640 acres; and ‘‘(II) is not already leased under this Act or nominated to be leased under subsection (a); ‘‘(ii) the qualified lessee has not previously received a noncompetitive lease under this paragraph in connection with the valid dis-covery for which data has been submitted under clause (iii)(I); and ‘‘(iii) sufficient geological and other tech-nical data prepared by a qualified geo-thermal professional has been submitted by the qualified lessee to the applicable Federal land management agency that would lead in-dividuals who are experienced in the subject matter to believe that— ‘‘(I) there is a valid discovery of geo-thermal resources on the land for which the qualified lessee holds the legal right to de-velop geothermal resources; and ‘‘(II) that thermal feature extends into the adjoining areas. ‘‘(C) DETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) publish a notice of any request to lease land under this paragraph; ‘‘(II) determine fair market value for pur-poses of this paragraph in accordance with procedures for making those determinations that are established by regulations issued by the Secretary; ‘‘(III) provide to a qualified lessee and pub-lish, with an opportunity for public comment for a period of 30 days, any proposed deter-mination under this subparagraph of the fair market value of an area that the qualified lessee seeks to lease under this paragraph; and ‘‘(IV) provide to the qualified lessee and any adversely affected party the opportunity to appeal the final determination of fair market value in an administrative pro-ceeding before the applicable Federal land management agency, in accordance with ap-plicable law (including regulations). ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION ON NOMINATION .—After publication of a notice of request to lease land under this paragraph, the Secretary may not accept under subsection (a) any nomination of the land for leasing unless the request has been denied or withdrawn. ‘‘(iii) A
NNUAL RENTAL .—For purposes of section 5(a)(3), a lease awarded under this paragraph shall be considered a lease award-ed in a competitive lease sale. ‘‘(D) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of the En-ergy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, the Secretary shall issue regulations to carry out this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 3009. LARGE-SCALE GEOTHERMAL ENERGY. 
Title VI of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 is amended by inserting after section 616 (42 U.S.C. 17195) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 616A. LARGE-SCALE GEOTHERMAL ENERGY. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-tion are— ‘‘(1) to improve the components, processes, and systems used for geothermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal energy; and ‘‘(2) to increase the energy efficiency, lower the cost, increase the use, and improve and demonstrate the applicability of geo-thermal heat pumps to, and the direct use of geothermal energy in, large buildings, com-mercial districts, residential communities, and large municipal, agricultural, or indus-trial projects. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECT USE OF GEOTHERMAL ENERGY .— The term ‘direct use of geothermal energy’ means systems that use water that is at a temperature between approximately 38 de-grees Celsius and 149 degrees Celsius directly or through a heat exchanger to provide— ‘‘(A) heating to buildings; or ‘‘(B) heat required for industrial processes, agriculture, aquaculture, and other facili-ties. ‘‘(2) G
EOTHERMAL HEAT PUMP .—The term ‘geothermal heat pump’ means a system that provides heating and cooling by exchanging heat from shallow ground or surface water using— ‘‘(A) a closed loop system, which transfers heat by way of buried or immersed pipes that contain a mix of water and working fluid; or ‘‘(B) an open loop system, which circulates ground or surface water directly into the building and returns the water to the same aquifer or surface water source. ‘‘(3) LARGE -SCALE APPLICATION .—The term ‘large-scale application’ means an applica-tion for space or process heating or cooling for large entities with a name-plate capac-ity, expected resource, or rating of 10 or more megawatts, such as a large building, commercial district, residential community, or a large municipal, agricultural, or indus-trial project. ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program of research, development, and demonstration for geothermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal en-ergy. ‘‘(2) A
REAS .—The program may include re-search, development, demonstration, and commercial application of— ‘‘(A) geothermal ground loop efficiency im-provements through more efficient heat transfer fluids; ‘‘(B) geothermal ground loop efficiency im-provements through more efficient thermal grouts for wells and trenches; ‘‘(C) geothermal ground loop installation cost reduction through— ‘‘(i) improved drilling methods; ‘‘(ii) improvements in drilling equipment; ‘‘(iii) improvements in design methodology and energy analysis procedures; and ‘‘(iv) improved methods for determination of ground thermal properties and ground temperatures; ‘‘(D) installing geothermal ground loops near the foundation walls of new construc-tion to take advantage of existing struc-tures; ‘‘(E) using gray or black wastewater as a method of heat exchange; ‘‘(F) improving geothermal heat pump sys-tem economics through integration of geo-thermal systems with other building sys-tems, including providing hot and cold water and rejecting or circulating industrial proc-ess heat through refrigeration heat rejection and waste heat recovery; ‘‘(G) advanced geothermal systems using variable pumping rates to increase effi-ciency; ‘‘(H) geothermal heat pump efficiency im-provements; ‘‘(I) use of hot water found in mines and mine shafts and other surface waters as the heat exchange medium; ‘‘(J) heating of districts, neighborhoods, communities, large commercial or public buildings (including office, retail, edu-cational, government, and institutional buildings and multifamily residential build-ings and campuses), and industrial and man-ufacturing facilities; ‘‘(K) geothermal system integration with solar thermal water heating or cool roofs and solar-regenerated desiccants to balance loads and use building hot water to store geothermal energy; ‘‘(L) use of hot water coproduced from oil and gas recovery; ‘‘(M) use of water sources at a temperature of less than 150 degrees Celsius for direct use; ‘‘(N) system integration of direct use with geothermal electricity production; and ‘‘(O) coproduction of heat and power, in-cluding on-site use. ‘‘(3) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall identify and mitigate potential environmental im-pacts in accordance with section 614(c). ‘‘(d) G
RANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make grants available to State and local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES194 January 26, 2016 
governments, institutions of higher edu-cation, nonprofit entities, utilities, and for- profit companies (including manufacturers of heat-pump and direct-use components and systems) to promote the development of geo-thermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal energy. ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In making grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to proposals that apply to large build-ings (including office, retail, educational, government, institutional, and multifamily residential buildings and campuses and in-dustrial and manufacturing facilities), com-mercial districts, and residential commu-nities. ‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL SOLICITATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall conduct a national solicitation for applications for grants under this section. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives a re-port on progress made and results obtained under this section to develop geothermal heat pumps and direct use of geothermal en-ergy. ‘‘(2) A
REAS .—Each of the reports required under this subsection shall include— ‘‘(A) an analysis of progress made in each of the areas described in subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(B)(i) a description of any relevant rec-ommendations made during a review of the program; and ‘‘(ii) any plans to address the recommenda-tions under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 3010. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 5 years thereafter, the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the progress made towards achieving the goals described in section 3005. 
SEC. 3011. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subpart— (1) $65,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and (2) $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021. Subpart B—Geothermal Exploration 
SEC. 3012. GEOTHERMAL EXPLORATION TEST PROJECTS. 
The Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 (30 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 30. GEOTHERMAL EXPLORATION TEST PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED LAND .—The term ‘covered land’ means land that is— ‘‘(A) subject to geothermal leasing in ac-cordance with section 3; and ‘‘(B) not excluded from the development of geothermal energy under— ‘‘(i) a final land use plan established under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) a final land and resource management plan established under the National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.); or ‘‘(iii) any other applicable law. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Secretary concerned’ means— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Agriculture (acting through the Chief of the Forest Service), with respect to National Forest System land; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary, with respect to land managed by the Bureau of Land Management (including land held for the benefit of an In-dian tribe). ‘‘(b) NEPA REVIEW OF GEOTHERMAL EXPLO -
RATION TESTPROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible activity de-scribed in paragraph (2) carried out on cov-ered land shall be considered an action cat-egorically excluded from the requirements for an environmental assessment or an envi-ronmental impact statement under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or a suc-cessor regulation) if— ‘‘(A) the action is for the purpose of geo-thermal resource exploration operations; and ‘‘(B) the action is conducted pursuant to this Act. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITY .—An eligible activ-ity referred to in paragraph (1) is— ‘‘(A) a geophysical exploration activity that does not require drilling, including a seismic survey; ‘‘(B) the drilling of a well to test or explore for geothermal resources on land leased by the Secretary concerned for the development and production of geothermal resources that— ‘‘(i) is carried out by the holder of the lease; ‘‘(ii) causes— ‘‘(I) fewer than 5 acres of soil or vegetation disruption at the location of each geo-thermal exploration well; and ‘‘(II) not more than an additional 5 acres of soil or vegetation disruption during access or egress to the project site; ‘‘(iii) is completed in fewer than 90 days, including the removal of any surface infra-structure from the project site; and ‘‘(iv) requires the restoration of the project site not later than 3 years after the date of completion of the project to approximately the condition that existed at the time the project began, unless— ‘‘(I) the project site is subsequently used as part of energy development on the lease; or ‘‘(II) the project— ‘‘(aa) yields geothermal resources; and ‘‘(bb) the use of the geothermal resources will be carried out under another geothermal generation project in existence at the time of the discovery of the geothermal resources; or ‘‘(C) the drilling of a well to test or explore for geothermal resources on land leased by the Secretary concerned for the development and production of geothermal resources that— ‘‘(i) causes an individual surface disturb-ance of fewer than 5 acres if— ‘‘(I) the total surface disturbance on the leased land is not more than 150 acres; and ‘‘(II) a site-specific analysis has been pre-pared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) involves the drilling of a geothermal well at a location or well pad site at which drilling has occurred within 5 years before the date of spudding the well; or ‘‘(iii) involves the drilling of a geothermal well in a developed field for which— ‘‘(I) an approved land use plan or any envi-ronmental document prepared under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) analyzed the drilling as a reasonably foreseeable activity; and ‘‘(II) the land use plan or environmental document was approved within 10 years be-fore the date of spudding the well. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION BASED ON EXTRAORDINARY  
CIRCUMSTANCES .—The categorical exclusion established under paragraph (1) shall be sub-ject to extraordinary circumstances in ac-cordance with the Departmental Manual, 516 DM 2.3A(3) and 516 DM 2, Appendix 2 (or suc-cessor provisions). ‘‘(c) NOTICE OF INTENT ; REVIEW AND DETER -
MINATION .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE NOTICE .—Not later than 30 days before the date on which drilling begins, a leaseholder intending to carry out an eligible activity shall provide notice to the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF PROJECT .—Not later than 10 days after receipt of a notice of intent pro-vided under paragraph (1), the Secretary con-cerned shall— ‘‘(A) review the project described in the no-tice and determine whether the project is an eligible activity; and ‘‘(B)(i) if the project is an eligible activity, notify the leaseholder that under subsection (b), the project is considered a categorical exclusion under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or a successor regulation); or ‘‘(ii) if the project is not an eligible activ-ity— ‘‘(I) notify the leaseholder that section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)) applies to the project; ‘‘(II) include in that notification clear and detailed findings on any deficiencies in the project that prevent the application of sub-section (b) to the project; and ‘‘(III) provide an opportunity to the lease-holder to remedy the deficiencies described in the notification before the date on which the leaseholder plans to begin the project under paragraph (1).’’. PART III—MARINE HYDROKINETIC 
SEC. 3013. DEFINITION OF MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEWABLE EN-ERGY. 
Section 632 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17211) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘electrical’’. 
SEC. 3014. MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEW-ABLE ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
Section 633 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17212) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 633. MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEW-ABLE ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, shall carry out a pro-gram of research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application to accel-erate the introduction of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy production into the United States energy supply, giving priority to fostering accelerated research, development, and commercialization of tech-nology, including programs— ‘‘(1) to assist technology development to improve the components, processes, and sys-tems used for power generation from marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy re-sources; ‘‘(2) to establish critical testing infrastruc-ture necessary— ‘‘(A) to cost effectively and efficiently test and prove marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy devices; and ‘‘(B) to accelerate the technological readi-ness and commercialization of those devices; ‘‘(3) to support efforts to increase the effi-ciency of energy conversion, lower the cost, increase the use, improve the reliability, and demonstrate the applicability of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies by participating in demonstration projects; ‘‘(4) to investigate variability issues and the efficient and reliable integration of ma-rine and hydrokinetic renewable energy with the utility grid; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S195 January 26, 2016 
‘‘(5) to identify and study critical short- and long-term needs to create a sustainable marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy supply chain based in the United States; ‘‘(6) to increase the reliability and surviv-ability of marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy technologies; ‘‘(7) to verify the performance, reliability, maintainability, and cost of new marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy device de-signs and system components in an oper-ating environment, and consider the protec-tion of critical infrastructure, such as ade-quate separation between marine and hydrokinetic devices and projects and sub-marine telecommunications cables, includ-ing consideration of established industry standards; ‘‘(8) to coordinate and avoid duplication of activities across programs of the Depart-ment and other applicable Federal agencies, including National Laboratories and to co-ordinate public-private collaboration in all programs under this section; ‘‘(9) to identify opportunities for joint re-search and development programs and devel-opment of economies of scale between— ‘‘(A) marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies; and ‘‘(B) other renewable energy and fossil en-ergy programs, offshore oil and gas produc-tion activities, and activities of the Depart-ment of Defense; and ‘‘(10) to support in-water technology devel-opment with international partners using ex-isting cooperative procedures (including memoranda of understanding)— ‘‘(A) to allow cooperative funding and other support of value to be exchanged and leveraged; and ‘‘(B) to encourage the participation of international research centers and compa-nies within the United States and the par-ticipation of United States research centers and companies in international projects.’’. 
SEC. 3015. NATIONAL MARINE RENEWABLE EN-ERGY RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND DEMONSTRATION CENTERS. 
Section 634 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17213) is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—A Center (in coordination with the Department and National Labora-tories) shall— ‘‘(1) advance research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies; ‘‘(2) support in-water testing and dem-onstration of marine and hydrokinetic re-newable energy technologies, including fa-cilities capable of testing— ‘‘(A) marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy systems of various technology readi-ness levels and scales; ‘‘(B) a variety of technologies in multiple test berths at a single location; and ‘‘(C) arrays of technology devices; and ‘‘(3) serve as information clearinghouses for the marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy industry by collecting and dissemi-nating information on best practices in all areas relating to developing and managing marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy resources and energy systems.’’. 
SEC. 3016. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 636 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17215) is amended by striking ‘‘$50,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2012’’ and in-serting ‘‘$55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018 and $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021’’. PART IV—BIOMASS 
SEC. 3017. BIO-POWER. 
(a) W OODY BIOMASS HEAT AND BIO-POWER  I
NITIATIVE .— (1) DEFINITIONS OF WOODY BIOMASS HEAT  
AND BIO -POWER .—Section 9008(a) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8108(a)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) B
IO-POWER .—The term ‘bio-power’ means the use of woody biomass to generate electricity. ‘‘(3) B
OARD .—The term ‘Board’ means the Biomass Research and Development Board.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) W
OODY BIOMASS HEAT .—The term ‘woody biomass heat’ means the use of woody biomass to generate heat.’’. (2) B
IOMASS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
BOARD .—Section 9008(c)(3)(A) of the Farm Se-curity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8108(c)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘biofuels and biobased products’’ and insert-ing ‘‘biofuels, biobased products, bio-power, and woody biomass heat projects’’. (3) W
OODY BIOMASS HEAT AND BIO -POWER  
GRANTS .—Section 9008 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8108) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (g), (h), and (i), respec-tively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) W
OODY BIOMASS HEAT AND BIO-POWER  G
RANTS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Ag-riculture and the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Board, shall establish a program under which the Secretary of Ag-riculture and the Secretary of Energy shall provide grants to relevant projects to sup-port innovation and market development in woody biomass heat and bio-power. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-ceive a grant under this subsection, the owner or operator of a relevant project shall submit to the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Energy an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of Energy may re-quire. ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts appro-priated to carry out this subsection, the Sec-retary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Energy shall not provide more than— ‘‘(A) $15,000,000 for projects that develop in-novative techniques for preprocessing bio-mass for woody biomass heat and bio-power, with the goals of lowering the costs of— ‘‘(i) distributed preprocessing technologies, including technologies designed to promote densification, torrefaction, and the broader commoditization of bioenergy feedstocks; and ‘‘(ii) transportation; and ‘‘(B) $15,000,000 for innovative woody bio-mass heat and bio-power demonstration projects, including— ‘‘(i) district energy projects; ‘‘(ii) innovation in transportation; and ‘‘(iii) projects addressing the challenges of retrofitting existing coal-fired electricity generation facilities to use biomass. ‘‘(4) R
EGIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—In selecting projects to receive grants under this sub-section, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Energy shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, diverse geo-graphical distribution among the projects. ‘‘(5) C
OST SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out using a grant under this subsection shall be 50 percent. ‘‘(6) D
UTIES OF RECIPIENTS .—As a condition of receiving a grant under this subsection, the owner or operator of a project shall— ‘‘(A) participate in the applicable working group under paragraph (7); ‘‘(B) submit to the Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of Energy a report that includes— ‘‘(i) a description of the project and any relevant findings; and ‘‘(ii) such other information as the Sec-retary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Energy determine to be necessary to com-plete the report of the Secretary under para-graph (9); and ‘‘(C) carry out such other activities as the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Energy determine to be necessary. ‘‘(7) WORKING GROUPS .—The Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Energy shall establish 2 working groups to share best practices and collaborate in project im-plementation, of which— ‘‘(A) 1 shall be comprised of representa-tives of projects that receive grants under paragraph (3)(A); and ‘‘(B) 1 shall be comprised of representatives of projects that receive grants under para-graph (3)(B). ‘‘(8) I
NCLUSION OF OILSEED CROPS .—A grant may be provided under this subsection to rel-evant projects to support innovation and market development in oilseed crops. ‘‘(9) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing— ‘‘(A) each project for which a grant has been provided under this subsection; ‘‘(B) any findings as a result of those projects; and ‘‘(C) the state of market and technology development, including market barriers and opportunities.’’. (b) L
OAN PROGRAMS ; STRATEGIC ANALYSIS  
ANDRESEARCH .— (1) L
OW-INTEREST LOANS .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Ag-riculture shall establish, within the Rural Development Office, a low-interest loan pro-gram to support construction of residential, commercial or institutional, and industrial woody biomass heat and bio-power systems. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The program under this subsection shall be carried out in ac-cordance with such requirements as the Sec-retary of Agriculture may establish, by regu-lation, in taking into consideration best practices. (C) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out this subsection $50,000,000. (2) E
NERGY EFFICIENCY AND CONSERVATION  
LOAN PROGRAM .—In addition to loans under paragraph (1), woody biomass heat residen-tial, commercial or institutional, and indus-trial wood energy systems shall be eligible to receive loans under the energy efficiency and conservation loan program of the Depart-ment of Agriculture under section 2 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 902). Subtitle B—Oil and Gas 
SEC. 3101. AMENDMENTS TO THE METHANE HY-DRATE RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT ACT OF 2000. 
(a) M ETHANE HYDRATE RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Methane Hydrate Research and Development Act of 2000 (30 U.S.C. 2003) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) G
RANTS , C ONTRACTS , C OOPERATIVE  A
GREEMENTS , INTERAGENCY FUNDS TRANSFER  A
GREEMENTS , ANDFIELD WORKPROPOSALS .— ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANCE AND COORDINATION .—In carrying out the program of methane hy-drate research and development authorized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES196 January 26, 2016 
by this section, the Secretary may award grants to, or enter into contracts or coopera-tive agreements with, institutions— ‘‘(A) to conduct basic and applied re-search— ‘‘(i) to identify, explore, assess, and de-velop methane hydrate as a commercially viable source of energy; and ‘‘(ii) to identify the environmental, health, and safety impacts of methane hydrate de-velopment; ‘‘(B) to identify and characterize methane hydrate resources using remote sensing and seismic data, including the characterization of hydrate concentrations in marine res-ervoirs in the Gulf of Mexico or the Atlantic Ocean Basin by the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016; ‘‘(C) to develop technologies required for efficient and environmentally sound develop-ment of methane hydrate resources; ‘‘(D) to conduct basic and applied research to assess and mitigate the environmental impact of hydrate degassing (including nat-ural degassing and degassing associated with commercial development); ‘‘(E) to develop technologies to reduce the risks of drilling through methane hydrates; ‘‘(F) to conduct exploratory drilling, well testing, and production testing operations on permafrost and nonpermafrost gas hydrates in support of the activities authorized by this paragraph, including— ‘‘(i) drilling of a test well and performing a long-term hydrate production test on land in the United States Arctic region by the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016; ‘‘(ii) drilling of a test well and performing a long-term hydrate production test in a ma-rine environment by the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016; and ‘‘(iii) drilling a full-scale production test well at a location to be determined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(G) to expand education and training pro-grams in methane hydrate resource research and resource development through fellow-ships or other means for graduate education and training. ‘‘(2) E
NVIRONMENTAL MONITORING AND RE -
SEARCH .—The Secretary shall conduct a long-term environmental monitoring and re-search program to study the effects of pro-duction from methane hydrate reservoirs. ‘‘(3) C
OMPETITIVE PEER REVIEW .—Funds made available under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be made available based on a competi-tive process using external scientific peer re-view of proposed research.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4(e) of the Methane Hydrate Research and Devel-opment Act of 2000 (30 U.S.C. 2003(e)) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b)’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— The Methane Hydrate Research and Develop-ment Act of 2000 is amended by striking sec-tion 7 (30 U.S.C. 2006) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $35,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 3102. LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the National As-sociation of Regulatory Utility Commis-sioners and the National Association of State Energy Officials, shall conduct a study of the State, regional, and national implica-tions of exporting liquefied natural gas with respect to consumers and the economy. (2) CONTENTS .—The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall include an analysis of— (A) the economic impact that exporting liquefied natural gas will have in regions that currently import liquefied natural gas; (B) job creation in the manufacturing sec-tors; and (C) such other issues as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study con-ducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 3103. FERC PROCESS COORDINATION WITH RESPECT TO REGULATORY AP-PROVAL OF GAS PROJECTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. (2) F
EDERAL AUTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Federal au-thorization’’ means any authorization re-quired under Federal law with respect to an application for authorization or a certificate of public convenience and necessity relating to gas transportation subject to the jurisdic-tion of the Commission. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Federal au-thorization’’ includes any permits, special use authorizations, certifications, opinions, or other approvals as may be required under Federal law with respect to an application for authorization or a certificate of public convenience and necessity relating to gas transportation subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission. (b) D
ESIGNATION AS LEADAGENCY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall act as the lead agency for the purposes of— (A) coordinating all applicable Federal au-thorizations; and (B) compliance with the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (2) O
THER AGENCIES .—Each Federal and State agency considering an aspect of an ap-plication for Federal authorization shall co-operate with the Commission. (c) S
CHEDULE .— (1) T
IMING FOR ISSUANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that all Federal authorizations re-quired for a project or facility should be issued by not later than the date that is 90 days after the date on which an application is considered to be complete by the Commis-sion. (2) C
OMMISSION SCHEDULE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall es-tablish a schedule for the issuance of all Fed-eral authorizations. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the schedule under subparagraph (A), the Com-mission shall— (i) consult and cooperate with the Federal and State agencies responsible for a Federal authorization; (ii) ensure the expeditious completion of all proceedings relating to a Federal author-ization; and (iii) comply with applicable schedules es-tablished under Federal law with respect to a Federal authorization. (3) R
ESOLUTION OF INTERAGENCY DISPUTES .— If the Federal agency with responsibility fails to adhere to the schedule established by the Commission under paragraph (2), or if a Federal authorization has been unreasonably denied, or if a Federal authorization would be inconsistent with the purposes of this sec-tion or other applicable law, the Commission shall refer the matter to the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality— (A) to ensure timely participation; (B) to ensure a timely decision; (C) to mediate the dispute; or (D) to refer the matter to the President. (d) CONSOLIDATED RECORD .—The Commis-sion shall maintain official consolidated records of all license proceedings under this section. (e) D
EFERENCE TO COMMISSION .—In making a decision with respect to a Federal author-ization, each agency shall give deference, to the maximum extent authorized by law, to the scope of environmental review that the Commission determines to be appropriate. (f) C
ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—Pursuant to the schedule established under subsection (c)(2), each agency considering an aspect of an ap-plication for Federal authorization shall— (1) to the maximum extent authorized by law, carry out the obligations of that agency under applicable law concurrently and in conjunction with the review required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), unless doing so would impair the ability of the agency to conduct needed analysis or otherwise carry out those obligations; (2) formulate and implement administra-tive, policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to complete the required Federal authorizations in accordance with the schedule described in subsection (c); and (3) transmit to the Commission a state-ment— (A) acknowledging notice of the schedule described in subsection (c); and (B) describing the plan formulated under paragraph (2). (g) F
AILURE TO MEET DEADLINE .—If an agency does not complete a proceeding for an approval that is required for a Federal au-thorization in accordance with the schedule described in subsection (c), the head of the relevant Federal agency (including, in the case of a failure by the State agency or unit of local government, the Federal agency overseeing the delegated authority) shall— (1) notify Congress and the Commission of the failure; and (2) describe in that notification an imple-mentation plan to ensure completion. (h) A
CCOUNTABILITY ; TRANSPARENCY ; EFFI-
CIENCY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For applications requiring multiple Federal authorizations, the Com-mission, in consultation with any agency considering an aspect of the application, shall track and make available to the public on the website of the Commission informa-tion relating to the actions required to com-plete permitting, reviews, and other require-ments. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Information tracked under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The schedule described in subsection (c). (B) A list of all the actions required by each applicable agency to complete permit-ting, reviews, and other requirements nec-essary to obtain a final decision on the Fed-eral authorization. (C) The expected completion date for each action listed under subparagraph (B). (D) A point of contact at the agency ac-countable for each action listed under sub-paragraph (B). (E) In the event that an action is still pending as of the expected date of comple-tion, a brief explanation of the reason for the delay. 
SEC. 3104. PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’), shall estab-lish a pilot program in 1 State with at least 2,000 oil and gas drilling spacing units (as de-fined under State law), in which— (1) 25 percent or less of the minerals are owned or held in trust by the Federal Gov-ernment; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S197 January 26, 2016 
(2) there is no surface land owned or held in trust by the Federal Government. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Director shall identify and im-plement ways to streamline the review and approval of Applications for Permits to Drill for oil and gas drilling spacing units of the State in order to achieve a processing time for those oil and gas drilling spacing units similar to that of spacing units that require an Application for Permit to Drill and are not part of the pilot program in the same State. (c) F
UNDING .—Beginning in fiscal year 2016, and for a period of 3 years thereafter, to carry out the pilot program efficiently, the Director may fund up to 10 full-time equiva-lents at appropriate field offices. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the pilot program. (e) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Interior may waive the requirement for an Applica-tion for Permit to Drill if the Director deter-mines that the mineral interest of the United States in the spacing units in land covered by this section is adequately pro-tected, if otherwise in accordance with appli-cable laws, regulations, and lease terms. Subtitle C—Helium 
SEC. 3201. RIGHTS TO HELIUM. 
(a) D EFINITION OF HELIUM -RELATED  P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘helium-related project’’ means a project— (1) to explore or produce crude helium; and (2) to sell crude or refined helium. (b) E
XPEDITED COMPLETION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, applica-ble environmental reviews under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for helium-related projects shall be completed on an expedi-tious basis and the shortest existing applica-ble process under that Act shall be used for such projects. (c) R
EPEAL OF RESERVATION OF HELIUM  R
IGHTS .—The first section of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181) is amended by striking the flush text that follows the last undesignated subsection. (d) R
IGHTS TO HELIUM UNDER LEASES  U
NDER MINERAL LEASING ACT FOR ACQUIRED  L
ANDS .—The Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands (30 U.S.C. 351 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 12. RIGHTS TO HELIUM. 
‘‘Any lease issued under this Act that au-thorizes exploration for, or development or production of, gas shall be considered to grant to the lessee a right of first refusal to engage in exploration for, and development and production of, helium on land that is subject to the lease in accordance with regu-lations issued by the Secretary.’’. Subtitle D—Critical Minerals 
SEC. 3301. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
RITICAL MINERAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘critical min-eral’’ means any mineral, element, sub-stance, or material designated as critical pursuant to section 3303. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘critical min-eral’’ does not include— (i) fuel minerals, including oil, natural gas, or any other fossil fuels; or (ii) water, ice, or snow. (2) C
RITICAL MINERAL MANUFACTURING .—The term ‘‘critical mineral manufacturing’’ means— (A) the production, processing, refining, alloying, separation, concentration, mag-netic sintering, melting, or beneficiation of critical minerals within the United States; (B) the fabrication, assembly, or produc-tion, within the United States, of equipment, components, or other goods with energy technology-, defense-, agriculture-, consumer electronics-, or health care-related applica-tions; or (C) any other value-added, manufacturing- related use of critical minerals undertaken within the United States. (3) INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). (4) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— (A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; (D) Guam; (E) American Samoa; (F) the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; and (G) the United States Virgin Islands. 
SEC. 3302. POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the National Materials and Minerals Policy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (30 U.S.C. 1602) is amended in the second sentence— (1) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) establish an analytical and forecasting capability for identifying critical mineral demand, supply, and other factors to allow informed actions to be taken to avoid supply shortages, mitigate price volatility, and pre-pare for demand growth and other market shifts;’’; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; and (3) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) encourage Federal agencies to facili-tate the availability, development, and envi-ronmentally responsible production of do-mestic resources to meet national material or critical mineral needs; ‘‘(8) avoid duplication of effort, prevent un-necessary paperwork, and minimize delays in the administration of applicable laws (in-cluding regulations) and the issuance of per-mits and authorizations necessary to explore for, develop, and produce critical minerals and to construct critical mineral manufac-turing facilities in accordance with applica-ble environmental and land management laws; ‘‘(9) strengthen educational and research capabilities and workforce training; ‘‘(10) bolster international cooperation through technology transfer, information sharing, and other means; ‘‘(11) promote the efficient production, use, and recycling of critical minerals; ‘‘(12) develop alternatives to critical min-erals; and ‘‘(13) establish contingencies for the pro-duction of, or access to, critical minerals for which viable sources do not exist within the United States.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2(b) of the National Materials and Minerals Pol-icy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (30 U.S.C. 1601(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘(b) As used in this Act, the term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL MINERAL .—The term ‘critical mineral’ means any mineral or element des-ignated as a critical mineral pursuant to sec-tion 3303 of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. ‘‘(2) M
ATERIALS .—The term’’. 
SEC. 3303. CRITICAL MINERAL DESIGNATIONS. 
(a) D RAFT METHODOLOGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior (acting through the Director of the United States Geological Survey) (referred to in this sub-title as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in consultation with relevant Federal agencies and entities, shall publish in the Federal Register for pub-lic comment a draft methodology for deter-mining which minerals qualify as critical minerals based on an assessment of whether the minerals are— (1) subject to potential supply restrictions (including restrictions associated with for-eign political risk, abrupt demand growth, military conflict, violent unrest, anti-com-petitive or protectionist behaviors, and other risks throughout the supply chain); and (2) important in use (including energy technology-, defense-, currency-, agriculture- , consumer electronics-, and health care-re-lated applications). (b) AVAILABILITY OF DATA.—If available data is insufficient to provide a quantitative basis for the methodology developed under this section, qualitative evidence may be used to the extent necessary. (c) F
INAL METHODOLOGY .—After reviewing public comments on the draft methodology under subsection (a) and updating the draft methodology as appropriate, not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Fed-eral Register a description of the final meth-odology for determining which minerals qualify as critical minerals. (d) D
ESIGNATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of carrying out this subtitle, the Secretary shall main-tain a list of minerals and elements des-ignated as critical, pursuant to the method-ology under subsection (c). (2) I
NITIAL LIST .—Subject to paragraph (1), not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register an initial list of min-erals designated as critical pursuant to the final methodology under subsection (c) for the purpose of carrying out this subtitle. (3) I
NCLUSIONS .—Notwithstanding the cri-teria under subsection (c), the Secretary may designate and include on the list any mineral or element determined by another Federal agency to be strategic and critical to the defense or national security of the United States. (e) S
UBSEQUENT REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view the methodology and designations under subsections (c) and (d) at least every 3 years, or more frequently as the Secretary considers to be appropriate. (2) R
EVISIONS .—Subject to subsection (d)(1), the Secretary may— (A) revise the methodology described in this section; (B) determine that minerals or elements previously determined to be critical min-erals are no longer critical minerals; and (C) designate additional minerals or ele-ments as critical minerals. (f) N
OTICE .—On finalization of the method-ology under subsection (c), the list under subsection (d), or any revision to the meth-odology or list under subsection (e), the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress written no-tice of the action. 
SEC. 3304. RESOURCE ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, in consultation with applicable State (includ-ing geological surveys), local, academic, in-dustry, and other entities, the Secretary shall complete a comprehensive national as-sessment of each critical mineral that— (1) identifies and quantifies known critical mineral resources, using all available public and private information and datasets, in-cluding exploration histories; and (2) provides a quantitative and qualitative assessment of undiscovered critical mineral resources throughout the United States, in-cluding probability estimates of tonnage and grade, using all available public and private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES198 January 26, 2016 
information and datasets, including explo-ration histories. (b) S
UPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION .—In car- rying out this section, the Secretary may carry out surveys and field work (including drilling, remote sensing, geophysical sur-veys, geological mapping, and geochemical sampling and analysis) to supplement exist-ing information and datasets available for determining the existence of critical min-erals in the United States. (c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—At the request of the Governor of a State or the head of an Indian tribe, the Secretary may provide technical assistance to State governments and Indian tribes conducting critical mineral resource assessments on non-Federal land. (d) P
RIORITIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may se-quence the completion of resource assess-ments for each critical mineral such that critical minerals considered to be most crit-ical under the methodology established under section 3303 are completed first. (2) R
EPORTING .—During the period begin-ning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date of completion of all of the assessments re-quired under this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress on an annual basis an interim report that— (A) identifies the sequence and schedule for completion of the assessments if the Sec-retary sequences the assessments; or (B) describes the progress of the assess-ments if the Secretary does not sequence the assessments. (e) U
PDATES .—The Secretary may periodi-cally update the assessments conducted under this section based on— (1) the generation of new information or datasets by the Federal Government; or (2) the receipt of new information or datasets from critical mineral producers, State geological surveys, academic institu-tions, trade associations, or other persons. (f) A
DDITIONAL SURVEYS .—The Secretary shall complete a resource assessment for each additional mineral or element subse-quently designated as a critical mineral under section 3303(e)(2) not later than 2 years after the designation of the mineral or ele-ment. (g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the status of geological surveying of Federal land for any mineral commodity— (1) for which the United States was depend-ent on a foreign country for more than 25 percent of the United States supply, as de-picted in the report issued by the United States Geological Survey entitled ‘‘Mineral Commodity Summaries 2015’’; but (2) that is not designated as a critical min-eral under section 3303. 
SEC. 3305. PERMITTING. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENTS .—To im- prove the quality and timeliness of decisions, the Secretary (acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management) and the Secretary of Agriculture (acting through the Chief of the Forest Service) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretaries’’) shall, to the maximum extent practicable, with re-spect to critical mineral production on Fed-eral land, complete Federal permitting and review processes with maximum efficiency and effectiveness, while supporting vital eco-nomic growth, by— (1) establishing and adhering to timelines and schedules for the consideration of, and final decisions regarding, applications, oper-ating plans, leases, licenses, permits, and other use authorizations for mineral-related activities on Federal land; (2) establishing clear, quantifiable, and temporal permitting performance goals and tracking progress against those goals; (3) engaging in early collaboration among agencies, project sponsors, and affected stakeholders— (A) to incorporate and address the inter-ests of those parties; and (B) to minimize delays; (4) ensuring transparency and account-ability by using cost-effective information technology to collect and disseminate infor-mation regarding individual projects and agency performance; (5) engaging in early and active consulta-tion with State, local, and Indian tribal gov-ernments to avoid conflicts or duplication of effort, resolve concerns, and allow for con-current, rather than sequential, reviews; (6) providing demonstrable improvements in the performance of Federal permitting and review processes, including lower costs and more timely decisions; (7) expanding and institutionalizing per-mitting and review process improvements that have proven effective; (8) developing mechanisms to better com-municate priorities and resolve disputes among agencies at the national, regional, State, and local levels; and (9) developing other practices, such as preapplication procedures. (b) REVIEW AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretaries shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) identifies additional measures (includ-ing regulatory and legislative proposals, as appropriate) that would increase the timeli-ness of permitting activities for the explo-ration and development of domestic critical minerals; (2) identifies options (including cost recov-ery paid by permit applicants) for ensuring adequate staffing and training of Federal en-tities and personnel responsible for the con-sideration of applications, operating plans, leases, licenses, permits, and other use au-thorizations for critical mineral-related ac-tivities on Federal land; (3) quantifies the amount of time typically required (including range derived from min-imum and maximum durations, mean, me-dian, variance, and other statistical meas-ures or representations) to complete each step (including those aspects outside the control of the executive branch, such as judi-cial review, applicant decisions, or State and local government involvement) associated with the development and processing of ap-plications, operating plans, leases, licenses, permits, and other use authorizations for critical mineral-related activities on Federal land, which shall serve as a baseline for the performance metric under subsection (c); and (4) describes actions carried out pursuant to subsection (a). (c) P
ERFORMANCE METRIC .—Not later than 90 days after the date of submission of the report under subsection (b), the Secretaries, after providing public notice and an oppor-tunity to comment, shall develop and pub-lish a performance metric for evaluating the progress made by the executive branch to ex-pedite the permitting of activities that will increase exploration for, and development of, domestic critical minerals, while maintain-ing environmental standards. (d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Beginning with the first budget submission by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, after publication of the performance metric required under subsection (c), and an-nually thereafter, the Secretaries shall sub-mit to Congress a report that— (1) summarizes the implementation of rec-ommendations, measures, and options identi-fied in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b); (2) using the performance metric under subsection (c), describes progress made by the executive branch, as compared to the baseline established pursuant to subsection (b)(3), on expediting the permitting of activi-ties that will increase exploration for, and development of, domestic critical minerals; and (3) compares the United States to other countries in terms of permitting efficiency and any other criteria relevant to the glob-ally competitive critical minerals industry. (e) INDIVIDUAL PROJECTS .—Using data from the Secretaries generated under subsection (d), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall prioritize inclusion of indi-vidual critical mineral projects on the website operated by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget in accordance with section 1122 of title 31, United States Code. (f) R
EPORT OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Not later than 1 year and 300 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration shall submit to the applicable com-mittees of Congress a report that assesses the performance of Federal agencies with re-spect to— (1) complying with chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexibility Act’’), in promul-gating regulations applicable to the critical minerals industry; and (2) performing an analysis of regulations applicable to the critical minerals industry that may be outmoded, inefficient, duplica-tive, or excessively burdensome. 
SEC. 3306. FEDERAL REGISTER PROCESS. 
(a) D EPARTMENTAL REVIEW .—Absent any extraordinary circumstance, and except as otherwise required by law, the Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure that each Federal Register notice described in subsection (b) shall be— (1) subject to any required reviews within the Department of the Interior or the De-partment of Agriculture; and (2) published in final form in the Federal Register not later than 45 days after the date of initial preparation of the notice. (b) P
REPARATION .—The preparation of Fed-eral Register notices required by law associ-ated with the issuance of a critical mineral exploration or mine permit shall be dele-gated to the organizational level within the agency responsible for issuing the critical mineral exploration or mine permit. (c) T
RANSMISSION .—All Federal Register notices regarding official document avail-ability, announcements of meetings, or no-tices of intent to undertake an action shall be originated in, and transmitted to the Fed-eral Register from, the office in which, as ap-plicable— (1) the documents or meetings are held; or (2) the activity is initiated. 
SEC. 3307. RECYCLING, EFFICIENCY, AND ALTER-NATIVES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of En-ergy (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall conduct a program of research and development— (1) to promote the efficient production, use, and recycling of critical minerals throughout the supply chain; and (2) to develop alternatives to critical min-erals that do not occur in significant abun-dance in the United States. (b) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out the pro-gram, the Secretary shall cooperate with ap-propriate— (1) Federal agencies and National Labora-tories; (2) critical mineral producers; (3) critical mineral processors; (4) critical mineral manufacturers; (5) trade associations; (6) academic institutions; (7) small businesses; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S199 January 26, 2016 
(8) other relevant entities or individuals. (c) A
CTIVITIES .—Under the program, the Secretary shall carry out activities that in-clude the identification and development of— (1) advanced critical mineral extraction, production, separation, alloying, or proc-essing technologies that decrease the energy consumption, environmental impact, and costs of those activities, including— (A) efficient water and wastewater man-agement strategies; (B) technologies and management strate-gies to control the environmental impacts of radionuclides in ore tailings; and (C) technologies for separation and proc-essing; (2) technologies or process improvements that minimize the use, or lead to more effi-cient use, of critical minerals across the full supply chain; (3) technologies, process improvements, or design optimizations that facilitate the recy-cling of critical minerals, and options for im-proving the rates of collection of products and scrap containing critical minerals from post-consumer, industrial, or other waste streams; (4) commercial markets, advanced storage methods, energy applications, and other ben-eficial uses of critical minerals processing byproducts; (5) alternative minerals, metals, and mate-rials, particularly those available in abun-dance within the United States and not sub-ject to potential supply restrictions, that lessen the need for critical minerals; and (6) alternative energy technologies or al-ternative designs of existing energy tech-nologies, particularly those that use min-erals that— (A) occur in abundance in the United States; and (B) are not subject to potential supply re-strictions. (d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report summarizing the activi-ties, findings, and progress of the program. 
SEC. 3308. ANALYSIS AND FORECASTING. 
(a) C APABILITIES .—In order to evaluate ex-isting critical mineral policies and inform future actions that may be taken to avoid supply shortages, mitigate price volatility, and prepare for demand growth and other market shifts, the Secretary, in consultation with the Energy Information Administra-tion, academic institutions, and others in order to maximize the application of existing competencies related to developing and maintaining computer-models and similar analytical tools, shall conduct and publish the results of an annual report that in-cludes— (1) as part of the annually published Min-eral Commodity Summaries from the United States Geological Survey, a comprehensive review of critical mineral production, con-sumption, and recycling patterns, includ-ing— (A) the quantity of each critical mineral domestically produced during the preceding year; (B) the quantity of each critical mineral domestically consumed during the preceding year; (C) market price data or other price data for each critical mineral; (D) an assessment of— (i) critical mineral requirements to meet the national security, energy, economic, in-dustrial, technological, and other needs of the United States during the preceding year; (ii) the reliance of the United States on foreign sources to meet those needs during the preceding year; and (iii) the implications of any supply short-ages, restrictions, or disruptions during the preceding year; (E) the quantity of each critical mineral domestically recycled during the preceding year; (F) the market penetration during the pre-ceding year of alternatives to each critical mineral; (G) a discussion of international trends as-sociated with the discovery, production, con-sumption, use, costs of production, prices, and recycling of each critical mineral as well as the development of alternatives to crit-ical minerals; and (H) such other data, analyses, and evalua-tions as the Secretary finds are necessary to achieve the purposes of this section; and (2) a comprehensive forecast, entitled the ‘‘Annual Critical Minerals Outlook’’, of pro-jected critical mineral production, consump-tion, and recycling patterns, including— (A) the quantity of each critical mineral projected to be domestically produced over the subsequent 1-year, 5-year, and 10-year pe-riods; (B) the quantity of each critical mineral projected to be domestically consumed over the subsequent 1-year, 5-year, and 10-year pe-riods; (C) an assessment of— (i) critical mineral requirements to meet projected national security, energy, eco-nomic, industrial, technological, and other needs of the United States; (ii) the projected reliance of the United States on foreign sources to meet those needs; and (iii) the projected implications of potential supply shortages, restrictions, or disrup-tions; (D) the quantity of each critical mineral projected to be domestically recycled over the subsequent 1-year, 5-year, and 10-year pe-riods; (E) the market penetration of alternatives to each critical mineral projected to take place over the subsequent 1-year, 5-year, and 10-year periods; (F) a discussion of reasonably foreseeable international trends associated with the dis-covery, production, consumption, use, costs of production, and recycling of each critical mineral as well as the development of alter-natives to critical minerals; and (G) such other projections relating to each critical mineral as the Secretary determines to be necessary to achieve the purposes of this section. (b) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—In pre- paring a report described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure, consistent with section 5(f) of the National Materials and Minerals Policy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (30 U.S.C. 1604(f)), that— (1) no person uses the information and data collected for the report for a purpose other than the development of or reporting of ag-gregate data in a manner such that the iden-tity of the person or firm who supplied the information is not discernible and is not ma-terial to the intended uses of the informa-tion; (2) no person discloses any information or data collected for the report unless the infor-mation or data has been transformed into a statistical or aggregate form that does not allow the identification of the person or firm who supplied particular information; and (3) procedures are established to require the withholding of any information or data collected for the report if the Secretary de-termines that withholding is necessary to protect proprietary information, including any trade secrets or other confidential infor-mation. SEC. 3309. EDUCATION AND WORKFORCE. 
(a) W ORKFORCE ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year and 300 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor (in consultation with the Secretary, the Di-rector of the National Science Foundation, institutions of higher education with sub-stantial expertise in mining, institutions of higher education with significant expertise in minerals research, including fundamental research into alternatives, and employers in the critical minerals sector) shall submit to Congress an assessment of the domestic availability of technically trained personnel necessary for critical mineral exploration, development, assessment, production, manu-facturing, recycling, analysis, forecasting, education, and research, including an anal-ysis of— (1) skills that are in the shortest supply as of the date of the assessment; (2) skills that are projected to be in short supply in the future; (3) the demographics of the critical min-erals industry and how the demographics will evolve under the influence of factors such as an aging workforce; (4) the effectiveness of training and edu-cation programs in addressing skills short-ages; (5) opportunities to hire locally for new and existing critical mineral activities; (6) the sufficiency of personnel within rel-evant areas of the Federal Government for achieving the policies described in section 3 of the National Materials and Minerals Pol-icy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (30 U.S.C. 1602); and (7) the potential need for new training pro-grams to have a measurable effect on the supply of trained workers in the critical minerals industry. (b) C
URRICULUM STUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Labor shall jointly enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of En-gineering under which the Academies shall coordinate with the National Science Foun-dation on conducting a study— (A) to design an interdisciplinary program on critical minerals that will support the critical mineral supply chain and improve the ability of the United States to increase domestic, critical mineral exploration, de-velopment, production, manufacturing, re-search, including fundamental research into alternatives, and recycling; (B) to address undergraduate and graduate education, especially to assist in the devel-opment of graduate level programs of re-search and instruction that lead to advanced degrees with an emphasis on the critical mineral supply chain or other positions that will increase domestic, critical mineral ex-ploration, development, production, manu-facturing, research, including fundamental research into alternatives, and recycling; (C) to develop guidelines for proposals from institutions of higher education with sub-stantial capabilities in the required dis-ciplines for activities to improve the critical mineral supply chain and advance the capac-ity of the United States to increase domes-tic, critical mineral exploration, research, development, production, manufacturing, and recycling; and (D) to outline criteria for evaluating per-formance and recommendations for the amount of funding that will be necessary to establish and carry out the program de-scribed in subsection (c). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a description of the results of the study required under paragraph (1). (c) P
ROGRAM .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES200 January 26, 2016 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Labor shall jointly conduct a competitive grant program under which in-stitutions of higher education may apply for and receive 4-year grants for— (A) startup costs for newly designated fac-ulty positions in integrated critical mineral education, research, innovation, training, and workforce development programs con-sistent with subsection (b); (B) internships, scholarships, and fellow-ships for students enrolled in programs re-lated to critical minerals; (C) equipment necessary for integrated critical mineral innovation, training, and workforce development programs; and (D) research of critical minerals and their applications, particularly concerning the manufacture of critical components vital to national security. (2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this sub-section shall be renewable for up to 2 addi-tional 3-year terms based on performance criteria outlined under subsection (b)(1)(D). 
SEC. 3310. NATIONAL GEOLOGICAL AND GEO-PHYSICAL DATA PRESERVATION PROGRAM. 
Section 351(k) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15908(k)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026, to re-main available until expended’’. 
SEC. 3311. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Critical Ma-terials Act of 1984 (30 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(d) of the National Superconductivity and Com-petitiveness Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 5202(d)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘, with the assistance of the National Critical Materials Council as specified in the Na-tional Critical Materials Act of 1984 (30 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.),’’. (c) S
AVINGS CLAUSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this subtitle or an amendment made by this subtitle modi-fies any requirement or authority provided by— (A) the matter under the heading ‘‘
GEO-
LOGICAL SURVEY ’’ of the first section of the Act of March 3, 1879 (43 U.S.C. 31(a)); or (B) the first section of Public Law 87–626 (43 U.S.C. 31(b)). (2) P
OTASH .—Nothing in this subtitle af-fects any aspect of Secretarial Order 3324, issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 3, 2012, with respect to potash and oil and gas operators. 
SEC. 3312. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subtitle $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. Subtitle E—Coal 
SEC. 3401. FOSSIL ENERGY. 
Section 961(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16291(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) Improving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fos-sil fuels.’’. 
SEC. 3402. ESTABLISHMENT OF COAL TECH-NOLOGY PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) Sections 962 and 963 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16292, 16293) are re-pealed. (B) Subtitle A of title IV of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15961 et seq.) is repealed. (2) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding the amendments made by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall continue to manage any pro-gram activities that are outstanding as of the date of enactment of this Act under the terms and conditions of sections 962 and 963 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16292, 16293) or subtitle A of title IV of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15961 et seq.) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act), as applicable. (3) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 703(a)(3) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17251(a)(3)) is amended— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking the first and second sen-tences; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘in-cluding’’ in the matter preceding clause (i) and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, including such geo-logic sequestration projects as are approved by the Secretary’’. (B) Section 704 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17252) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘under section 963(c)(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16293(c)(3)), as added by section 702 of this subtitle, and’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF COAL TECHNOLOGY  P
ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Energy Policy Act of 2005 (as amended by subsection (a)) is amend-ed by inserting after section 961 (42 U.S.C. 16291) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 962. COAL TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) L
ARGE -SCALE PILOT PROJECT .—The term ‘large-scale pilot project’ means a pilot project that— ‘‘(A) represents the scale of technology de-velopment beyond laboratory development and bench scale testing, but not yet ad-vanced to the point of being tested under real operational conditions at commercial scale; ‘‘(B) represents the scale of technology necessary to gain the operational data need-ed to understand the technical and perform-ance risks of the technology before the appli-cation of that technology at commercial scale or in commercial-scale demonstration; and ‘‘(C) is large enough— ‘‘(i) to validate scaling factors; and ‘‘(ii) to demonstrate the interaction be-tween major components so that control phi-losophies for a new process can be developed and enable the technology to advance from large-scale pilot plant application to com-mercial scale demonstration or application. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means the program established under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) T
RANSFORMATIONAL TECHNOLOGY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘trans-formational technology’ means a power gen-eration technology that represents an en-tirely new way to convert energy that will enable a step change in performance, effi-ciency, and cost of electricity as compared to the technology in existence on the date of enactment of this Act. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘trans-formational technology’ includes a broad range of technology improvements, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) thermodynamic improvements in en-ergy conversion and heat transfer, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) oxygen combustion; ‘‘(II) chemical looping; and ‘‘(III) the replacement of steam cycles with supercritical carbon dioxide cycles; ‘‘(ii) improvements in turbine technology; ‘‘(iii) improvements in carbon capture sys-tems technology; and ‘‘(iv) any other technology the Secretary recognizes as transformational technology. ‘‘(b) C
OALTECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a coal technology program to ensure the continued use of the abundant, domestic coal resources of the United States through the development of technologies that will significantly improve the efficiency, effec-tiveness, costs, and environmental perform-ance of coal use. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The program shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) a research and development program; ‘‘(B) large-scale pilot projects; and ‘‘(C) demonstration projects. ‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM GOALS AND OBJECTIVES .—In consultation with the interested entities de-scribed in paragraph (4)(C), the Secretary shall develop goals and objectives for the program to be applied to the technologies de-veloped within the program, taking into con-sideration the following objectives: ‘‘(A) Ensure reliable, low cost power from new and existing coal plants. ‘‘(B) Achieve high conversion efficiencies. ‘‘(C) Address emissions of carbon dioxide through high efficiency platforms and carbon capture from new and existing coal plants. ‘‘(D) Support small-scale and modular technologies to enable incremental capacity additions and load growth and large-scale generation technologies. ‘‘(E) Support flexible baseload operations for new and existing applications of coal gen-eration. ‘‘(F) Further reduce emissions of criteria pollutants and reduce the use and manage the discharge of water in power plant oper-ations. ‘‘(G) Accelerate the development of tech-nologies that have transformational energy conversion characteristics. ‘‘(H) Validate geologic storage of large vol-umes of anthropogenic sources of carbon di-oxide and support the development of the in-frastructure needed to support a carbon diox-ide use and storage industry. ‘‘(I) Examine methods of converting coal to other valuable products and commodities in addition to electricity. ‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATIONS REQUIRED .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) undertake international collabora-tions, as recommended by the National Coal Council; ‘‘(B) use existing authorities to encourage international cooperation; and ‘‘(C) consult with interested entities, in-cluding – ‘‘(i) coal producers; ‘‘(ii) industries that use coal; ‘‘(iii) organizations that promote coal and advanced coal technologies; ‘‘(iv) environmental organizations; ‘‘(v) organizations representing workers; and ‘‘(vi) organizations representing con-sumers. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the performance standards adopt-ed under subsection (b)(3). ‘‘(2) U
PDATE .—Once every 2 years after the initial report is submitted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the progress made towards achieving the objectives and performance standards adopted under subsection (b)(3). ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this Act, to re-main available until expended— ‘‘(A) $610,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020; and ‘‘(B) $560,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S201 January 26, 2016 
‘‘(2) A LLOCATIONS .—The amounts made available under paragraph (1) shall be allo-cated as follows: ‘‘(A) For activities under the research and development program component described in subsection (b)(2)(A)— ‘‘(i) $275,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020; and ‘‘(ii) $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(B) For activities under the demonstra-tion projects program component described in subsection (b)(2)(C)— ‘‘(i) $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020; and ‘‘(ii) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(C) For activities under the large-scale pilot projects program component described in subsection (b)(2)(B), $285,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (2) C
OST SHARING FOR LARGE -SCALE PILOT  
PROJECTS .—Activities under subsection (b)(2)(B) shall be subject to the cost-sharing requirements of section 988(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352(b)). Subtitle F—Nuclear 
SEC. 3501. REPORT ON FUSION AND FISSION RE-ACTOR PROTOTYPES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stakeholders, shall submit to the Com-mittees on Energy and Natural Resources and Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a report assessing the capability of the Department to host privately funded fusion and fission reactor prototypes up to 20 megawatts thermal output and related dem-onstration facilities at sites owned by the Department. (b) C
ONTENT .—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall describe the results of an assessment of— (1) the safety review, oversight capabili-ties, and potential liability of the Depart-ment; (2) potential sites capable of hosting re-search, development, and demonstration of prototype reactors and related facilities for the purpose of reducing technical risk; (3) the existing physical and technical ca-pabilities of the Department and the Na-tional Laboratories relevant to research, de-velopment, and oversight; (4) the efficacy of the available contractual mechanisms of the Department, including— (A) cooperative research and development agreements; (B) work for others agreements; and (C) agreements for commercializing tech-nology; (5) potential cost structures relating to physical security, decommissioning, liabil-ity, and other long-term project costs; (6) the feasibility of the Department pro-viding technical assistance to developers of privately funded fusion and advanced fission reactors in connection with obtaining a li-cense from the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion for demonstration reactors or commer-cial reactors of varying size and readiness levels up to 2 gigawatts of thermal output; and (7) other challenges or considerations iden-tified by the Secretary, including issues re-lating to potential cases of demonstration reactors up to 2 gigawatts of thermal output. 
SEC. 3502. NEXT GENERATION NUCLEAR PLANT PROJECT. 
Section 642(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16022(b)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively. Subtitle G—Workforce Development SEC. 3601. 21ST CENTURY ENERGY WORKFORCE ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish the 21st Century Energy Workforce Advisory Board (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Board’’), to develop a strategy for the support and development of a skilled energy workforce that— (1) meets the current and future industry and labor needs of the energy sector; (2) provides opportunities for students to become qualified for placement in tradi-tional energy sector and clean energy sector jobs; (3) aligns apprenticeship programs and workforce development programs to provide industry recognized certifications and cre-dentials; (4) encourages leaders in the education sys-tem of the United States to equip students with the skills, mentorships, training, and technical expertise necessary to fill the em-ployment opportunities vital to managing and operating the energy- and manufac-turing-related industries of the United States; (5) appropriately supports other Federal agencies; (6) strengthens and more fully engages workforce training programs of the Depart-ment and the National Laboratories in car-rying out the Minorities in Energy Initiative of the Department and other Department workforce priorities; (7) supports the design and replication of existing model energy curricula, particularly in new and emerging technologies, that leads to industry-wide credentials; (8) develops plans to support and retrain displaced and unemployed energy sector workers; and (9) makes a Department priority to provide education and job training to underrep-resented groups, including ethnic minorities, Indian tribes (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), women, vet-erans, and socioeconomically disadvantaged individuals. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall be com-posed of 9 members, with the initial mem-bers of the Board to be appointed by the Sec-retary not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) N
OMINATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology shall nominate for appoint-ment to the Board under paragraph (1) not less than 18 individuals who meet the quali-fications described in paragraph (3). (3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Each individual nomi-nated for appointment to the Board under paragraph (1) shall— (A) be eminent in the field of economics or workforce development; (B) have expertise in relevant traditional energy industries and clean energy indus-tries; (C) have expertise in secondary and post-secondary education; (D) have expertise in energy workforce de-velopment or apprentice programs of States and units of local government; (E) have expertise in relevant organized labor organizations; or (F) have expertise in bringing underrep-resented groups, including ethnic minorities, women, veterans, and socioeconomically dis-advantaged individuals, into the workforce. (4) R
EPRESENTATION .—The membership of the Board shall be representative of the broad range of the energy industry, labor or-ganizations, workforce development, edu-cation, minority participation, and econom-ics disciplines related to activities carried out under this section. (5) LIMITATION .—No individual shall be nominated for appointment to the Board who is an employee of an entity applying for a grant under section 3602. (c) A
DVISORY BOARD REVIEW AND REC-
OMMENDATIONS .— (1) D
ETERMINATION BY BOARD .—In devel- oping the strategy required under subsection (a), the Board shall— (A) determine whether there are opportuni-ties to more effectively and efficiently use the capabilities of the Department in the de-velopment of a skilled energy workforce; (B) identify ways in which the Department could work with other relevant Federal agencies, States, units of local government, educational institutions, labor, and industry in the development of a skilled energy work-force; (C) identify ways in which the Department and National Laboratories can— (i) increase outreach to minority-serving institutions; and (ii) make resources available to increase the number of skilled minorities and women trained to go into the energy- and manufac-turing-related sectors; (D) identify ways in which the Department and National Laboratories can — (i) increase outreach to displaced and un-employed energy sector workers; and (ii) make resources available to provide training to displaced and unemployed energy sector workers to reenter the energy work-force; and (E) identify the energy sectors in greatest need of workforce training and develop guidelines for the skills necessary to develop a workforce trained to work in those energy sectors. (2) R
EQUIRED ANALYSIS .—In developing the strategy required under subsection (a), the Board shall analyze the effectiveness of— (A) existing Department directed support; and (B) developing energy workforce training programs. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Board is established under this section, and each year thereafter, the Board shall submit to the Secretary and Congress, and make public, a report con-taining the findings of the Board and model energy curricula with respect to the strategy required to be developed under subsection (a). (d) R
EPORT BY SECRETARY .—Not later than 18 months after the date on which the Board is established under this section, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) describes whether the Secretary ap-proves or disapproves the recommendations of the Board under subsection (c)(3); and (2) provides an implementation plan for recommendations approved by the Board under paragraph (1). (e) C
LEARINGHOUSE .—Based on the rec-ommendations of the Board, the Secretary shall establish a clearinghouse— (1) to maintain and update information and resources on training and workforce develop-ment programs for energy- and manufac-turing-related jobs; and (2) to act as a resource, and provide guid-ance, for secondary schools, institutions of higher education (including community col-leges and minority-serving institutions), workforce development organizations, labor management organizations, and industry or-ganizations that would like to develop and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES202 January 26, 2016 
implement energy- and manufacturing-re-lated training programs. (f) S
UNSET .—The Board established under this section shall remain in effect until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
SEC. 3602. ENERGY WORKFORCE PILOT GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Labor and the Secretary of Edu-cation, shall establish a pilot program to award grants on a competitive basis to eligi-ble entities for job training programs that lead to an industry-recognized credential. (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an entity shall be a public or nonprofit organization or a consor-tium of public or nonprofit organizations that— (1) includes an advisory board of propor-tional participation, as determined by the Secretary, of relevant organizations, includ-ing— (A) relevant energy industry organizations, including public and private employers; (B) labor organizations; (C) postsecondary education organizations; and (D) workforce development boards; (2) demonstrates experience in imple-menting and operating job training and edu-cation programs; (3) demonstrates the ability to recruit and support individuals who plan to work in the energy industry in the successful completion of relevant job training and education pro-grams; and (4) provides students who complete the job training and education program with an in-dustry-recognized credential. (c) A
PPLICATIONS .—Eligible entities desir-ing a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. (d) P
RIORITY .—In selecting eligible entities to receive grants under this section, the Sec-retary shall prioritize applicants that— (1) house the job training and education programs in— (A) a community college or institution of higher education that includes basic science and math education in the curriculum of the community college, institution of higher education; or (B) an apprenticeship program registered with the Department of Labor or a State; (2) work with the Secretary of Defense or veterans organizations to transition mem-bers of the Armed Forces and veterans to ca-reers in the energy sector; (3) work with Indian tribes (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)); (4) apply as a State or regional consortia to leverage best practices already available in the State or region in which the commu-nity college or institution of higher edu-cation is located; (5) have a State-supported entity included in the consortium applying for the grant; (6) include an apprenticeship program reg-istered with the Department of Labor or a State as part of the job training and edu-cation program; (7) provide support services and career coaching; (8) provide introductory energy workforce development training; (9) work with minority-serving institutions to provide job training to increase the num-ber of skilled minorities and women in the energy sector; or (10) provide job training for displaced and unemployed workers in the energy sector. (e) ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATION .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary shall consider regional diversity. (f) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATIONS .—An eligi- ble entity may not submit, either individ-ually or as part of a joint application, more than 1 application for a grant under this sec-tion during any 1 fiscal year. (g) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF GRANT .— The amount of an individual grant for any 1 year shall not exceed $1,000,000. (h) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a job training and education pro-gram carried out using a grant under this section shall be not greater than 65 percent. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of the cost of a job training and education pro-gram carried out using a grant under this section shall consist of not less than 50 per-cent cash. (B) L
IMITATION .—Not greater than 50 per-cent of the non-Federal contribution of the total cost of a job training and education program carried out using a grant under this section shall be in the form of in-kind con-tributions of goods or services fairly valued. (i) R
EDUCTION OF DUPLICATION .—Prior to submitting an application for a grant under this section, each applicant shall consult with the appropriate agencies of the Federal Government and coordinate the proposed ac-tivities of the applicant with existing State and local programs. (j) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall provide technical assistance and capac-ity building to national and State energy partnerships, including the entities de-scribed in subsection (b)(1), to leverage the existing job training and education programs of the Department. (k) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress and make publicly available on the website of the Department an annual re-port on the program established under this section, including a description of— (1) the entities receiving grants; (2) the activities carried out using the grants; (3) best practices used to leverage the in-vestment of the Federal Government; (4) the rate of employment for participants after completing a job training and edu-cation program carried out using a grant; and (5) an assessment of the results achieved by the program. (l) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. Subtitle H—Recycling 
SEC. 3701. RECYCLED CARBON FIBER. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study on— (A) the technology of recycled carbon fiber and production waste carbon fiber; and (B) the potential lifecycle energy savings and economic impact of recycled carbon fiber. (2) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In con- ducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— (A) the quantity of recycled carbon fiber or production waste carbon fiber that would make the use of recycled carbon fiber or pro-duction waste carbon fiber economically via-ble; (B) any existing or potential barriers to re-cycling carbon fiber or using recycled carbon fiber; (C) any financial incentives that may be necessary for the development of recycled carbon fiber or production waste carbon fiber; (D) the potential lifecycle savings in en-ergy from producing recycled carbon fiber, as compared to producing new carbon fiber; (E) the best and highest use for recycled carbon fiber; (F) the potential reduction in carbon diox-ide emissions from producing recycled car-bon fiber, as compared to producing new car-bon fiber; (G) any economic benefits gained from using recycled carbon fiber or production waste carbon fiber; (H) workforce training and skills needed to address labor demands in the development of recycled carbon fiber or production waste carbon fiber; and (I) how the Department can leverage exist-ing efforts in the industry on the use of pro-duction waste carbon fiber. (3) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). (b) R
ECYCLED CARBON FIBER DEMONSTRA -
TION PROJECT .—On completion of the study required under subsection (a)(1), the Sec-retary shall consult with the aviation and automotive industries and existing programs of the Advanced Manufacturing Office of the Department to develop a carbon fiber recy-cling demonstration project. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
SEC. 3702. ENERGY GENERATION AND REGU-LATORY RELIEF STUDY REGARDING RECOVERY AND CONVERSION OF NONRECYCLED MIXED PLASTICS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
NGINEERED FUEL .—The term ‘‘engi-neered fuel’’ means a solid fuel that is manu-factured from nonrecycled constituents of municipal solid waste or other secondary materials. (2) G
ASIFICATION .—The term ‘‘gasification’’ means a process through which nonrecycled waste is heated and converted to synthesis gas in an oxygen-deficient atmosphere, which can be converted into fuels such as ethanol or other chemical feedstocks. (3) P
YROLYSIS .—The term ‘‘pyrolysis’’ means a process through which nonrecycled plastics are heated in the absence of oxygen until melted and thermally decomposed, and are then cooled, condensed, and converted into synthetic crude oil or refined into syn-thetic fuels and feedstocks such as diesel or naphtha. (b) S
TUDY .—With respect to nonrecycled mixed plastics that are part of municipal solid waste or other secondary materials in the United States (and are often deposited in landfills), the Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the manner in which the United States can make progress toward a cost-effective system (including with respect to environmental issues) through which py-rolysis, gasification, and other innovative technologies such as engineered fuels are used to convert such plastics, alone or in combination with other municipal solid waste or secondary materials, into materials that can be used to generate electric energy or fuels or as chemical feedstocks. (c) C
OMPLETION OF STUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete the study described in subsection (b) and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress reports providing findings and recommendations de-veloped through the study. (d) F
UNDING .—The Secretary may use un-obligated funds of the Department to carry out this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S203 January 26, 2016 
SEC. 3703. ELIGIBLE PROJECTS. 
Section 1703(b)(1) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16513(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(excluding the burning of com-monly recycled paper that has been seg-regated from solid waste to generate elec-tricity)’’ after ‘‘systems’’. TITLE IV—ACCOUNTABILITY Subtitle A—Loan Programs 
SEC. 4001. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INCEN-TIVES FOR INNOVATIVE TECH-NOLOGIES. 
(a) B ORROWER PAYMENT OF SUBSIDY COST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16512) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) B
ORROWER PAYMENT OF SUBSIDY  C
OST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the re-quirement in subsection (b)(1), no guarantee shall be made unless the Secretary has re-ceived from the borrower not less than 25 percent of the cost of the guarantee. ‘‘(2) E
STIMATE .—The Secretary shall pro-vide to the borrower, as soon as practicable, an estimate or range of the cost of the guar-antee under paragraph (1).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16512(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No guar- antee’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Subject to subsection (l), no guarantee’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; and (C) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall take ef-fect on October 1, 2019. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON SUBORDINATION OF  D
EBT.—Section 1702(d)(3) of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16512(d)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘is not subordinate’’ and inserting ‘‘(including any reorganiza-tion, restructuring, or termination of the ob-ligation) shall not at any time be subordi-nate’’. (c) L
OAN PROGRAM TRANSPARENCY .—Sec- tion 1703 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16513) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) L
OANSTATUS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUEST .—If the Secretary does not make a final decision on an application for a loan guarantee under this section by the date that is 270 days after receipt of the ap-plication by the Secretary, on that date and every 90 days thereafter until the final deci-sion is made, the applicant may request that the Secretary provide to the applicant a de-scription of the status of the application. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSE .—Not later than 10 days after receiving a request from an applicant under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall pro-vide to the applicant a response that in-cludes— ‘‘(A) a summary of any factors that are de-laying a final decision on the application; and ‘‘(B) an estimate of when review of the ap-plication will be completed.’’. (d) T
EMPORARY PROGRAM FOR RAPID DE-
PLOYMENT OF RENEWABLE ENERGY AND ELEC-
TRIC POWER TRANSMISSION PROJECTS .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Section 1705 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16516) is re-pealed. (2) R
ESCISSION .—There is rescinded the un-obligated balance of amounts made available to carry out the loan guarantee program es-tablished under section 1705 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16516) (before the amendment made by paragraph (1)). (3) MANAGEMENT .—The Secretary shall en-sure rigorous continued management and oversight of all outstanding loans guaran-teed under the program described in sub-section (b) until those loans have been repaid in full. 
SEC. 4002. STATE LOAN ELIGIBILITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 1701 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16511) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ has the meaning given the term in section 202 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6802). ‘‘(7) S
TATE ENERGY FINANCING INSTITU -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘State energy financing institution’ means a quasi-inde-pendent entity or an entity within a State agency or financing authority established by a State— ‘‘(i) to provide financing support or credit enhancements, including loan guarantees and loan loss reserves, for eligible projects; and ‘‘(ii) to create liquid markets for eligible projects, including warehousing and securitization, or take other steps to reduce financial barriers to the deployment of exist-ing and new eligible projects. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘State energy financing institution’ includes an entity or organization established to achieve the pur-poses described in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (A) by an Indian tribal entity or an Alaska Native Corporation.’’. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16512) (as amended by section 4001(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or to a State energy financing institution’’ after ‘‘for projects’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) S
TATE ENERGY FINANCING INSTITU -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a guar-antee under this title, a State energy financ-ing institution— ‘‘(A) shall meet the requirements of sec-tion 1703(a)(1); and ‘‘(B) shall not be required to meet the re-quirements of section 1703(a)(2). ‘‘(2) P
ARTNERSHIPS AUTHORIZED .—In car- rying out a project receiving a loan guar-antee under this title, State energy financ-ing institutions may enter into partnerships with private entities, tribal entities, and Alaska Native corporations. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF APPROPRIATED  
FUNDS .—Amounts appropriated to the De-partment of Energy before the date of enact-ment of this subsection shall not be avail-able to be used for the cost of loan guaran-tees made to State energy financing institu-tions under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 4003. GAO STUDY ON FOSSIL LOAN GUAR-ANTEE INCENTIVE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall carry out, and submit to Congress a re-port describing the results of, a study on the effectiveness of the advanced fossil loan guarantee incentive program and other in-centive programs for advanced fossil energy of the Department. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (1) solicit industry and stakeholder input; (2) evaluate the effectiveness of the ad-vanced fossil loan guarantee incentive pro-gram, alone or in combination with other in-centives, in advancing carbon capture and storage technology; (3) review each Federal incentive provided by the Department and other Federal agen-cies for carbon capture and storage dem-onstration projects to determine the ade-quacy and effectiveness of the combined Fed-eral incentives in advancing carbon capture and storage and advanced fossil energy tech-nologies; (4) assess whether combinations of the in-centive programs in existence as of the date of enactment of this Act could be effective to advance carbon capture and storage and ad-vanced fossil energy technologies; and (5) evaluate the impact and costs of imple-menting the recommendations described in the January 2015 National Coal Council re-port entitled ‘‘Fossil Forward: Revitalizing CCS, Bringing Scale and Speed to CCS De-ployment’’ on the effectiveness of the ad-vanced fossil loan guarantee program. SEC. 4004. PROGRAM ELIGIBILITY FOR VESSELS. 
Subtitle B of title I of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17011 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 137. ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES MANUFACTURING INCENTIVE PRO-GRAM ELIGIBILITY FOR VESSELS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF VESSEL .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘vessel’ means a vessel (as de-fined in section 3 of title 1, United States Code), whether in existence or under con-struction, that has been issued a certificate of documentation as a United States flagged vessel under chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code and that meets the standards es-tablished under section 4005(a) of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—Subject to the terms and conditions of subsections (d) and (f) of sec-tion 136, projects for the reequipping, ex-panding, or establishing of a manufacturing facility in the United States to produce ves-sels shall be considered eligible for direct loans under section 136(d). ‘‘(c) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF EXISTING CREDIT  
SUBSIDY .—None of the projects made eligible under this section shall be eligible to receive any credit subsidy provided under section 136 before the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIC APPROPRIATION OR CONTRIBU -
TION.—The authority under this section to incur indebtedness, or enter into contracts, obligating amounts to be expended by the Federal Government shall be effective for any fiscal year only— ‘‘(A)(i) to such extent or in such amounts as are provided in advance by appropriation Acts; and ‘‘(ii) if the borrower has agreed to pay a reasonable percentage of the cost of the obli-gation; or ‘‘(B) if the Secretary has received from the borrower a payment in full for the cost of the obligation and deposited the payment into the Treasury.’’. 
SEC. 4005. ADDITIONAL REFORMS. 
(a) I SSUANCE OF RULE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and after consultation with, and taking into account comments from, the vessel industry, the Secretary shall issue a rule that specifies which energy efficiency improvement stand-ards shall apply to applicants for loans under section 137 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (as added by section 4004) for the manufacturing, retrofitting, or repowering vessels that have been issued cer-tificates of documentation as United States flagged vessels under chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code. (b) F
EES.—Section 136 of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013) is amended by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) F
EES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall charge and collect fees for loans provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES204 January 26, 2016 
under this section in amounts that the Sec-retary determines are sufficient to cover ap-plicable administrative expenses associated with the loans, including reasonable closing fees on the loans. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Fees collected under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be deposited by the Secretary into the Treasury; and ‘‘(B) remain available until expended, sub-ject to such other conditions as are con-tained in annual appropriations Acts.’’. 
SEC. 4006. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY INDIAN EN-ERGY EDUCATION PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 2602(b)(6) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2026’’. Subtitle B—Energy-Water Nexus 
SEC. 4101. NEXUS OF ENERGY AND WATER FOR SUSTAINABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
NERGY -WATER NEXUS .—The term ‘‘en-ergy-water nexus’’ means the links be-tween— (A) the water needed to produce fuels, elec-tricity, and other forms of energy; and (B) the energy needed to transport, re-claim, and treat water and wastewater. (2) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘Interagency Coordina-tion Committee’’ means the Committee on the Nexus of Energy and Water for Sustain-ability (or the ‘‘NEWS Committee’’) estab-lished under subsection (b)(1). (3) N
EXUS OF ENERGY AND WATER SUSTAIN -
ABILITY OFFICE ; NEWS OFFICE .—The term ‘‘Nexus of Energy and Water Sustainability Office’’ or the ‘‘NEWS Office’’ means an of-fice located at the Department and managed in cooperation with the Department of the Interior pursuant to an agreement between the 2 agencies to carry out leadership and administrative functions for the Interagency Coordination Committee. (4) RD&D 
ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘‘RD&D activities’’ means research, development, and demonstration activities. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION COM-
MITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall establish the joint NEWS Office and Interagency Coordination Committee on the Nexus of Energy and Water for Sustain-ability (or the ‘‘NEWS Committee’’) to carry out the duties described in paragraph (3). (2) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) C
HAIRS .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Interior shall jointly manage the NEWS Office and serve as co-chairs of the Interagency Coordination Committee. (B) M
EMBERSHIP ; STAFFING .—Membership and staffing shall be determined by the co- chairs. (3) D
UTIES .—The Interagency Coordination Committee shall— (A) serve as a forum for developing com-mon Federal goals and plans on energy-water nexus RD&D activities in coordination with the National Science and Technology Coun-cil; (B) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and biannually there-after, issue a strategic plan on energy-water nexus RD&D activities priorities and objec-tives; (C) convene and promote coordination of the activities of Federal departments and agencies on energy-water nexus RD&D ac-tivities, including the activities of— (i) the Department; (ii) the Department of the Interior; (iii) the Corps of Engineers; (iv) the Department of Agriculture; (v) the Department of Defense; (vi) the Department of State; (vii) the Environmental Protection Agen-cy; (viii) the Council on Environmental Qual-ity; (ix) the National Institute of Standards and Technology; (x) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (xi) the National Science Foundation; (xii) the Office of Management and Budget; (xiii) the Office of Science and Technology Policy; (xiv) the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and (xv) such other Federal departments and agencies as the Interagency Coordination Committee considers appropriate; (D)(i) coordinate and develop capabilities and methodologies for data collection, man-agement, and dissemination of information related to energy-water nexus RD&D activi-ties from and to other Federal departments and agencies; and (ii) promote information exchange between Federal departments and agencies— (I) to identify and document Federal and non-Federal programs and funding opportu-nities that support basic and applied re-search, development, and demonstration pro-posals to advance energy-water nexus related science and technologies; (II) to leverage existing programs by en-couraging joint solicitations, block grants, and matching programs with non-Federal en-tities; and (III) to identify opportunities for domestic and international public-private partner-ships, innovative financing mechanisms, in-formation and data exchange; (E) promote the integration of energy- water nexus considerations into existing Federal water, energy, and other natural re-source, infrastructure, and science programs at the national and regional levels and with programs administered in partnership with non-Federal entities; and (F) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, issue a report on the potential benefits and feasibility of estab-lishing an energy-water center of excellence within the National Laboratories (as that term is defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)). (4) NO REGULATION .—Nothing in this sub-section grants to the Interagency Coordina-tion Committee the authority to promulgate regulations or set standards. (5) R
EVIEW ; REPORT .—At the end of the 5- year period beginning on the date on which the Interagency Coordination Committee and NEWS Office are established, the NEWS Office shall— (A) review the activities, relevance, and ef-fectiveness of the Interagency Coordination Committee; and (B) submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committees on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that— (i) describes the results of the review con-ducted under subparagraph (A); and (ii) includes a recommendation on whether the Interagency Coordination Committee should continue. (c) C
ROSSCUT BUDGET .—Not later than 30 days after the President submits the budget of the United States Government under sec-tion 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the co-chairs of the Interagency Coordination Committee (acting through the NEWS Of-fice) shall submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, Energy and Commerce, and Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representa-tives, an interagency budget crosscut report that displays at the program-, project-, and activity-level for each of the Federal agen-cies that carry out or support (including through grants, contracts, interagency and intraagency transfers, and multiyear and no- year funds) basic and applied RD&D activi-ties to advance the energy-water nexus re-lated science and technologies— (1) the budget proposed in the budget re-quest of the President for the upcoming fis-cal year; (2) expenditures and obligations for the prior fiscal year; and (3) estimated expenditures and obligations for the current fiscal year. SEC. 4102. SMART ENERGY AND WATER EFFI-CIENCY PILOT PROGRAM. 
Subtitle A of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16191 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 918. SMART ENERGY AND WATER EFFI-CIENCY PILOT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a utility; ‘‘(B) a municipality; ‘‘(C) a water district; ‘‘(D) an Indian tribe or Alaska Native vil-lage; and ‘‘(E) any other authority that provides water, wastewater, or water reuse services. ‘‘(2) S
MART ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  
PILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘smart energy and water efficiency pilot program’ or ‘pilot program’ means the pilot program estab-lished under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) S
MART ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  P
ILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish and carry out a smart energy and water efficiency pilot program in accordance with this section. ‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the smart energy and water efficiency pilot program is to award grants to eligible entities to dem-onstrate unique, advanced, or innovative technology-based solutions that will— ‘‘(A) increase the energy efficiency of water, wastewater, and water reuse systems; ‘‘(B) improve energy efficiency of water, wastewater, and water reuse systems to help communities across the United States make measurable progress in conserving water, saving energy, and reducing costs; ‘‘(C) support the implementation of inno-vative and unique processes and the installa-tion of established advanced automated sys-tems that provide real-time data on energy and water; and ‘‘(D) improve energy-water conservation and quality and predictive maintenance through technologies that utilize internet connected technologies, including sensors, intelligent gateways, and security embedded in hardware. ‘‘(3) P
ROJECT SELECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make competitive, merit-reviewed grants under the pilot program to not less than 3, but not more than 5, eligible entities. ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting an eligible entity to receive a grant under the pilot program, the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(i) energy and cost savings; ‘‘(ii) the uniqueness, commercial viability, and reliability of the technology to be used; ‘‘(iii) the degree to which the project inte-grates next-generation sensors software, analytics, and management tools; ‘‘(iv) the anticipated cost-effectiveness of the pilot project through measurable energy efficiency savings, water savings or reuse, and infrastructure costs averted; ‘‘(v) whether the technology can be de-ployed in a variety of geographic regions and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S205 January 26, 2016 
the degree to which the technology can be implemented in a wide range of applications ranging in scale from small towns to large cities, including tribal communities; ‘‘(vi) whether the technology has been suc-cessfully deployed elsewhere; ‘‘(vii) whether the technology was sourced from a manufacturer based in the United States; and ‘‘(viii) whether the project will be com-pleted in 5 years or less. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), an eligible entity seeking a grant under the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary. ‘‘(ii) C
ONTENTS .—An application under clause (i) shall, at a minimum, include— ‘‘(I) a description of the project; ‘‘(II) a description of the technology to be used in the project; ‘‘(III) the anticipated results, including en-ergy and water savings, of the project; ‘‘(IV) a comprehensive budget for the project; ‘‘(V) the names of the project lead organi-zation and any partners; ‘‘(VI) the number of users to be served by the project; ‘‘(VII) a description of the ways in which the proposal would meet performance meas-ures established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(VIII) any other information that the Secretary determines to be necessary to complete the review and selection of a grant recipient. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 300 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall select grant recipients under this section. ‘‘(B) E
VALUATIONS .— ‘‘(i) A
NNUAL EVALUATIONS .—The Secretary shall annually carry out an evaluation of each project for which a grant is provided under this section that meets performance measures and benchmarks developed by the Secretary, consistent with the purposes of this section. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Consistent with the performance measures and benchmarks de-veloped under clause (i), in carrying out an evaluation under that clause, the Secretary shall — ‘‘(I) evaluate the progress and impact of the project; and ‘‘(II) assesses the degree to which the project is meeting the goals of the pilot pro-gram. ‘‘(C) T
ECHNICAL AND POLICY ASSISTANCE .— On the request of a grant recipient, the Sec-retary shall provide technical and policy as-sistance. ‘‘(D) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall make available to the public through the Internet and other means the Secretary con-siders to be appropriate— ‘‘(i) a copy of each evaluation carried out under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) a description of any best practices identified by the Secretary as a result of those evaluations. ‘‘(E) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of each evaluation carried out under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $15,000,000, to remain available until expended.’’. Subtitle C—Innovation 
SEC. 4201. AMERICA COMPETES PROGRAMS. 
(a) B ASIC RESEARCH .—Section 971(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16311(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) $5,271,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(9) $5,485,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(10) $5,704,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(11) $5,932,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(12) $6,178,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’. (b) ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY - E
NERGY .—Section 5012 of the America COM-PETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16538) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘sub-section (n)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (o)(1)’’; (2) in subsection (i), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Director shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the activities of ARPA–E are coordi-nated with, and do not duplicate the efforts of, programs and laboratories within the De-partment and other relevant research agen-cies; and ‘‘(B) ARPA–E does not provide funding for a project unless the prospective grantee demonstrates sufficient attempts to secure private financing or indicates that the project is not independently commercially viable.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-section (o); (4) by inserting after subsection (m) the following: ‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF INFORMATION .—The fol- lowing types of information collected by the ARPA–E from recipients of financial assist-ance awards shall be considered commercial and financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential and not subject to disclosure under section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code: ‘‘(1) Plans for commercialization of tech-nologies developed under the award, includ-ing business plans, technology-to-market plans, market studies, and cost and perform-ance models. ‘‘(2) Investments provided to an awardee from third parties (such as venture capital firms, hedge funds, and private equity firms), including amounts and the percentage of ownership of the awardee provided in return for the investments. ‘‘(3) Additional financial support that the awardee— ‘‘(A) plans to or has invested into the tech-nology developed under the award; or ‘‘(B) is seeking from third parties. ‘‘(4) Revenue from the licensing or sale of new products or services resulting from re-search conducted under the award.’’; and (5) in subsection (o) (as redesignated by paragraph (3))— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $291,200,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(G) $303,600,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(H) $314,700,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(I) $327,300,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(J) $340,600,000 for fiscal year 2020 .’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘(c)(2)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(c)(2)(C)’’. 
SEC. 4202. INCLUSION OF EARLY STAGE TECH-NOLOGY DEMONSTRATION IN AU-THORIZED TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACTIVITIES. 
Section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) EARLY STAGE TECHNOLOGY DEM-
ONSTRATION .—The Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to use funds authorized to support technology transfer within the Department to carry out early stage and precommercial technology demonstration activities to remove tech-nology barriers that limit private sector in-terest and demonstrate potential commer-cial applications of any research and tech-nologies arising from National Laboratory activities.’’. 
SEC. 4203. SUPPORTING ACCESS OF SMALL BUSI-NESS CONCERNS TO NATIONAL LAB-ORATORIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Laboratory’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). (2) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (b) A
CTIONS FOR INCREASED ACCESS AT NA-
TIONAL LABORATORIES FOR SMALL BUSINESS  C
ONCERNS .—To promote the technology transfer of innovative energy technologies and enhance the competitiveness of the United States, the Secretary shall take such actions as are appropriate to facilitate ac-cess to the National Laboratories for small business concerns. (c) I
NFORMATION ON THE DOE W EBSITE RE-
LATING TO NATIONAL LABORATORY PROGRAMS  A
VAILABLE TO SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Direc-tors of the National Laboratories, shall— (A) publish in a consolidated manner on the website of the Department information relating to National Laboratory programs that are available to small business con-cerns; (B) provide for the information published under subparagraph (A) to be kept up-to- date; and (C) include in the information published under subparagraph (A), information on each available program under which small busi-ness concerns are eligible to enter into agreements to work with the National Lab-oratories. (2) C
OMPONENTS .—The information pub-lished on the Department website under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a brief description of each agreement available to small business concerns to work with National Laboratories; (B) a step-by-step guide for completing agreements to work with National Labora-tories; (C) best practices for working with Na-tional Laboratories; (D) individual National Laboratory websites that provide information specific to technology transfer and working with small business concerns; (E) links to funding opportunity announce-ments, nonfinancial resources, and other programs available to small business con-cerns; and (F) any other information that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate. (3) A
CCESSIBILITY .—The information pub-lished on the Department website under paragraph (1) shall be— (A) readily accessible and easily found on the Internet by the public and members and committees of Congress; and (B) presented in a searchable, machine- readable format. (4) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue Departmental guidance to ensure that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES206 January 26, 2016 
information published on the Department website under paragraph (1) is provided in a manner that presents a coherent picture of all National Laboratory programs that are relevant to small business concerns. 
SEC. 4204. MICROLAB TECHNOLOGY COMMER-CIALIZATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
ICROLAB .—The term ‘‘microlab’’ means a small laboratory established by the Secretary under subsection (b). (2) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘na-tional laboratory’’ means— (A) a National Laboratory, as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801); and (B) a national security laboratory, as de-fined in section 3281 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471). (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF MICROLAB PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in collabo-ration with the directors of national labora-tories, may establish a microlab program under which the Secretary establishes microlabs that are located in close prox-imity to national laboratories and that are accessible to the public for the purposes of— (A) enhancing collaboration with regional research groups, such as institutions of high-er education and industry groups; (B) accelerating technology transfer from national laboratories to the marketplace; and (C) promoting regional workforce develop-ment through science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics (‘‘STEM’’) instruction and training. (2) C
RITERIA .—In determining the place-ment of microlabs under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— (A) the commitment of a national labora-tory to establishing a microlab; (B) the existence of a joint research insti-tute or a new facility that— (i) is not on the main site of a national lab-oratory; (ii) is in close proximity to a national lab-oratory; and (iii) has the capability to house a microlab; (C) whether employees of a national lab-oratory and persons from academia, indus-try, and government are available to be as-signed to the microlab; and (D) cost-sharing or in-kind contributions from State and local governments and pri-vate industry. (3) T
IMING .—If the Secretary, in collabora-tion with the directors of national labora-tories, elects to establish a microlab pro-gram under this subsection, the Secretary, in collaboration with the directors of na-tional laboratories, shall— (A) not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, begin the process of determining the placement of microlabs under paragraph (1); and (B) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, implement the microlab program under this subsection. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of implementation of the microlab program under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives a re-port that provides an update on the imple-mentation of the microlab program under subsection (b). (2) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of implementation of the microlab program under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives a re-port on the microlab program under sub-section (b), including findings and rec-ommendations of the Secretary. (d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. Subtitle D—Grid Reliability 
SEC. 4301. BULK-POWER SYSTEM RELIABILITY IM-PACT STATEMENT. 
(a) R ELIABILITY REPORTS .—Section 215(g) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(g)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The ERO’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The ERO’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EGIONAL ENTITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph and not less than every 3 years thereafter, each regional entity shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and the Commission a report that describes, as of the date of the report— ‘‘(A) the state of and prospects for the reli-ability of electricity within the geographic area covered by the regional entity; and ‘‘(B) the most significant risks to the reli-ability of the bulk-power system that might arise or need to be monitored within the geo-graphic area covered by the regional entity, including risks from proposed or final Fed-eral regulations.’’. (b) R
ELIABILITY IMPACT STATEMENT .—Sec- tion 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) R
ELIABILITY IMPACT STATEMENT .— ‘‘(1) S
OLICITATION BY COMMISSION .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which the head of a Federal agency proposes a major rule (as defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) that may signifi-cantly affect the reliable operation of the bulk-power system, the Commission shall so-licit from any applicable regional entity af-fected by the proposed rule a reliability im-pact statement with respect to the proposed rule. ‘‘(2) V
OLUNTARY SUBMISSION BY REGIONAL  
ENTITY .—A regional entity may prepare, on the initiative of the regional entity, a reli-ability impact statement for any proposed major Federal rule that the regional entity determines would significantly affect the re-liable operation of the bulk-power system within the area covered by the regional enti-ty. ‘‘(3) M
ULTIJURISDICTIONAL COORDINATION .— If a proposed rule subject to a reliability im-pact statement under paragraph (1) or (2) af-fects an area broader than the area covered by a single regional entity, the ERO shall convene a committee of the affected regional entities to produce a single reliability im-pact statement that demonstrates for each affected area the reliability impact of the proposed rule. ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A reliability impact statement under paragraph (1) or (2) shall in-clude a detailed statement on— ‘‘(A) the impact of the proposed rule on the reliable operation of the bulk-power system; ‘‘(B) any adverse effects on the reliable op-eration of the bulk-power system if the pro-posed rule was implemented; and ‘‘(C) alternatives to cure the identified ad-verse reliability impacts, including, at the discretion of the regional entity, a no-action alternative. ‘‘(5) S
UBMISSION TO COMMISSION .—On com- pletion of a reliability impact statement under paragraph (1) or (2), the regional enti-ty or a committee of affected regional enti-ties convened under paragraph (3) shall sub-mit to the Commission the reliability im-pact statement. ‘‘(6) TRANSMITTAL TO HEAD OF FEDERAL  
AGENCY .—On receipt of a reliability impact statement submitted to the Commission under paragraph (5), the Commission shall transmit to the head of the applicable Fed-eral agency the reliability impact statement prepared under this subsection for inclusion in the public record. ‘‘(7) I
NCLUSION OF DETAILED RESPONSE IN  
FINAL RULE .—With respect to a final major rule subject to a reliability impact state-ment prepared under paragraph (1) or (2), the head of the Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) consider the reliability impact state-ment; ‘‘(B) give due weight to the technical ex-pertise of the regional entity with respect to matters that are the subject of the reli-ability impact statement; and ‘‘(C) include in the final rule a detailed re-sponse to the reliability impact statement that reasonably addresses the detailed state-ments required under paragraph (4).’’. 
SEC. 4302. REPORT BY TRANSMISSION ORGANIZA-TIONS ON DIVERSITY OF SUPPLY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LECTRIC GENERATING CAPACITY RE -
SOURCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘electric gener-ating capacity resource’’ means an electric generating resource, as measured by the maximum load-carrying ability of the re-source, exclusive of station use and planned, unplanned, or other outage or derating sub-ject to dispatch by the transmission organi-zation to meet the resource adequacy needs of the systems operated by the transmission organization. (B) E
FFECT .—The term ‘‘electric gener-ating capacity resource’’ does not address non-electric generating resources that are qualified as capacity resources in the tariffs of various transmission organizations as of the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
RANSMISSION ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘transmission organization’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) N
OTICE .—Not later than 14 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission (as the term is defined in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796)) shall submit to each transmission organization that has a tariff on file with the Commission that includes provisions addressing the pro-curement of electric generating capacity re-sources, a notice that the transmission orga-nization is required to file with the Commis-sion a report in accordance with paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which a transmission organiza-tion receives a notice under paragraph (1), the transmission organization shall submit to the Commission a report that, to the max-imum extent practicable— (A)(i) identifies electric generating capac-ity resources that are available to the trans-mission organization as of the date of the re-port; and (ii) describes the primary energy sources and operational characteristics of electric capacity resources available, in the aggre-gate, to the transmission organization; (B) evaluates, using generally accepted metrics, the current operational perform-ance, in the aggregate, of electric capacity resources; (C) identifies, for the aggregate of electric generating capacity resources available to the transmission organization— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S207 January 26, 2016 
(i) over the short- and long-term periods in the planning cycle of the transmission orga-nization, reasonable projections concerning the operational and economic risk profile of electric generating capacity resources; (ii) the projected future needs of the trans-mission organization for electric generating capacity resources; and (iii) the availability of transmission facili-ties and transmission support services nec-essary to provide for the transmission orga-nization reasonable assurances of essential reliability services, including adequate volt-age support; and (D) assesses whether and to what extent the market rules of the transmission organi-zation— (i) yield capacity auction clearing prices that promote necessary and prudent invest-ment; (ii) yield energy market clearing prices that reflect the marginal cost of supply, tak-ing into account transmission constraints and other factors needed to ensure reliable grid operation; (iii) produce meaningful price signals that clearly indicate where new supply and in-vestment are needed; (iv) reduce uncertainty or instability re-sulting from changes to market rules, proc-esses, or protocols; (v) promote transparency and communica-tion by the market operator to market par-ticipants; (vi) support a diverse generation portfolio and the availability of transmission facili-ties and transmission support services on a short- and long-term basis necessary to pro-vide reasonable assurances of a continuous supply of electricity for customers of the transmission organization at the proper volt-age and frequency; and (vii) provide an enhanced opportunity for self-supply of electric generating capacity resources by electric cooperatives, Federal power marketing agencies, and State utili-ties with a service obligation (as those terms are defined in section 217(a)) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824q(a))) in a manner that is consistent with traditional utility business models and does not unduly affect wholesale market prices. Subtitle E—Management 
SEC. 4401. FEDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ADASTRE .—The term ‘‘cadastre’’ means an inventory of buildings and other real property (including associated infrastructure such as roads and utility transmission lines and pipelines) located on land administered by the Secretary, which is developed through collecting, storing, retrieving, or dissemi-nating graphical or digital data and any in-formation related to the data, including sur-veys, maps, charts, images, and services. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) C
ADASTRE OF FEDERAL REAL PROP-
ERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-ized— (A) to develop and maintain a current and accurate multipurpose cadastre to support Federal land management activities for the Department of the Interior; (B) to incorporate any related inventories of Federal real property, including any in-ventories prepared under applicable land or resource management plans; and (C) to enter into discussions with other Federal agencies to make the cadastre avail-able for use by the agency to support agency management activities. (2) C
OST-SHARING AGREEMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into cost-sharing agreements with other Federal agencies, and with States, Indian tribes, and local governments, to include any non-Federal land in a State in the cadastre. (B) COST SHARE .—The Federal share of any cost agreement described in subparagraph (A) shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost to a State, Indian tribe, or local govern-ment for the development of the cadastre of non-Federal land. (3) C
ONSOLIDATION AND REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the real property inventories or any components of any cadastre or related inventories that— (A) exist as of the date of enactment of this Act; (B) are authorized by law or conducted by the Secretary; and (C) are of sufficient accuracy to be in-cluded in the cadastre authorized under paragraph (1). (4) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary shall— (A) participate (in accordance with section 216 of the E–Government Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note; Public Law 107–347)) in the establishment of such standards and com-mon protocols as are necessary to ensure the interoperability of geospatial information pertaining to the cadastre for all users of the information; (B) coordinate with, seek assistance and cooperation of, and provide liaison to the Federal Geographic Data Committee pursu-ant to Office of Management and Budget Cir-cular A–16 and Executive Order 12906 (43 U.S.C. 1457 note; relating to coordinating ge-ographic data acquisition and access: the Na-tional Spatial Data Infrastructure) for the implementation of and compliance with such standards as may be applicable to the cadas-tre; (C) make the cadastre interoperable with the Federal Real Property Profile estab-lished pursuant to Executive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; relating to Federal real prop-erty asset management); (D) integrate with and leverage, to the maximum extent practicable, cadastre ac-tivities of units of State and local govern-ment; and (E) use contracts with the private sector, if practicable, to provide such products and services as are necessary to develop the ca-dastre. (c) T
RANSPARENCY AND PUBLIC ACCESS .— The Secretary shall— (1) make the cadastre required under this section publically available on the Internet in a graphically geoenabled and searchable format; and (2) in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, prevent the disclosure of the identity of any buildings or facilities, or information related to the buildings or facilities, if the disclosure would impair or jeopardize the na-tional security or homeland defense of the United States. (d) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— (1) creates any substantive or procedural right or benefit; (2) authorizes any new surveying or map-ping of Federal real property, except that a Federal agency may conduct a new survey to update the accuracy of the inventory data of the agency before storage on a cadaster; or (3) authorizes— (A) the evaluation of any real property owned by the United States for disposal; or (B) new appraisals or assessments of the value of— (i) real property; or (ii) cultural or archaeological resources on any parcel of Federal land or other real prop-erty. SEC. 4402. QUADRENNIAL ENERGY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801 of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7321) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 801. QUADRENNIAL ENERGY REVIEW. 
‘‘(a) Q UADRENNIAL ENERGY REVIEW TASK F
ORCE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The President shall establish a Quadrennial Energy Review Task Force (referred to in this section as the ‘Task Force’) to coordinate the Quadrennial Energy Review. ‘‘(2) C
OCHAIRPERSONS .—The President shall designate appropriate senior Federal Govern-ment officials to be cochairpersons of the Task Force. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Task Force may be comprised of representatives at level I or II of the Executive Schedule of— ‘‘(A) the Department of Energy; ‘‘(B) the Department of Commerce; ‘‘(C) the Department of Defense; ‘‘(D) the Department of State; ‘‘(E) the Department of the Interior; ‘‘(F) the Department of Agriculture; ‘‘(G) the Department of the Treasury; ‘‘(H) the Department of Transportation; ‘‘(I) the Department of Homeland Security; ‘‘(J) the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(K) the National Science Foundation; ‘‘(L) the Environmental Protection Agen-cy; and ‘‘(M) such other Federal agencies, and enti-ties within the Executive Office of the Presi-dent, as the President considers to be appro-priate. ‘‘(b) C
ONDUCT OF REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Quadrennial En-ergy Review shall be conducted to— ‘‘(A) provide an integrated view of impor-tant national energy objectives and Federal energy policy; and ‘‘(B) identify the maximum practicable alignment of research programs, incentives, regulations, and partnerships. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—A Quadrennial Energy Re-view shall— ‘‘(A) establish integrated, governmentwide national energy objectives in the context of economic, environmental, and security pri-orities; ‘‘(B) recommend coordinated actions across Federal agencies; ‘‘(C) assess and recommend priorities for research, development, and demonstration; ‘‘(D) provide a strong analytical base for Federal energy policy decisions; ‘‘(E) consider reasonable estimates of fu-ture Federal budgetary resources when mak-ing recommendations; and ‘‘(F) be conducted with substantial input from— ‘‘(i) Congress; ‘‘(ii) the energy industry; ‘‘(iii) academia; ‘‘(iv) State, local, and tribal governments; ‘‘(v) nongovernmental organizations; and ‘‘(vi) the public. ‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION OF QUADRENNIAL ENERGY  R
EVIEW TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President— ‘‘(A) shall publish and submit to Congress a report on the Quadrennial Energy Review once every 4 years; and ‘‘(B) more frequently than once every 4 years, as the President determines to be ap-propriate, may prepare and publish interim reports as part of the Quadrennial Energy Review. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The reports described in paragraph (1) shall address or consider, as appropriate— ‘‘(A) an integrated view of short-term, in-termediate-term, and long-term objectives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES208 January 26, 2016 
for Federal energy policy in the context of economic, environmental, and security pri-orities; ‘‘(B) potential executive actions (including programmatic, regulatory, and fiscal ac-tions) and resource requirements— ‘‘(i) to achieve the objectives described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) to be coordinated across multiple agencies; ‘‘(C) analysis of the existing and prospec-tive roles of parties (including academia, in-dustry, consumers, the public, and Federal agencies) in achieving the objectives de-scribed in subparagraph (A), including— ‘‘(i) an analysis by energy use sector, in-cluding— ‘‘(I) commercial and residential buildings; ‘‘(II) the industrial sector; ‘‘(III) transportation; and ‘‘(IV) electric power; ‘‘(ii) requirements for invention, adoption, development, and diffusion of energy tech-nologies as they relate to each of the energy use sectors; and ‘‘(iii) other research that informs strate-gies to incentivize desired actions; ‘‘(D) assessment of policy options to in-crease domestic energy supplies and energy efficiency; ‘‘(E) evaluation of national and regional energy storage, transmission, and distribu-tion requirements, including requirements for renewable energy; ‘‘(F) portfolio assessments that describe the optimal deployment of resources, includ-ing prioritizing financial resources for en-ergy-relevant programs; ‘‘(G) mapping of the linkages among basic research and applied programs, demonstra-tion programs, and other innovation mecha-nisms across the Federal agencies; ‘‘(H) identification of demonstration projects; ‘‘(I) identification of public and private funding needs for various energy tech-nologies, systems, and infrastructure, in-cluding consideration of public-private part-nerships, loans, and loan guarantees; ‘‘(J) assessment of global competitors and an identification of programs that can be en-hanced with international cooperation; ‘‘(K) identification of policy gaps that need to be filled to accelerate the adoption and diffusion of energy technologies, including consideration of— ‘‘(i) Federal tax policies; and ‘‘(ii) the role of Federal agencies as early adopters and purchasers of new energy tech-nologies; ‘‘(L) priority listing for implementation of objectives and actions taking into account estimated Federal budgetary resources; ‘‘(M) analysis of— ‘‘(i) points of maximum leverage for policy intervention to achieve outcomes; and ‘‘(ii) areas of energy policy that can be most effective in meeting national goals for the energy sector; and ‘‘(N) recommendations for executive branch organization changes to facilitate the development and implementation of Federal energy policies. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT DEVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of Energy shall provide such support for the Quadrennial Energy Review with the nec-essary analytical, financial, and administra-tive support for the conduct of each Quad-rennial Energy Review required under this section as may be requested by the cochair-persons designated under subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(e) C
OOPERATION .—The heads of applicable Federal agencies shall cooperate with the Secretary and provide such assistance, infor-mation, and resources as the Secretary may require to assist in carrying out this sec-tion.’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The item relating to section 801 in the table of contents of such Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 801. Quadrennial Energy Review.’’. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—Nothing in this sec-tion or an amendment made by this section supersedes, modifies, amends, or repeals any provision of Federal law not expressly super-seded, modified, amended, or repealed by this section. 
SEC. 4403. STATE OVERSIGHT OF OIL AND GAS PROGRAMS. 
On request of the Governor of a State, the Secretary of the Interior shall establish a program under which the Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the State to consider the costs and benefits of consistent rules and processes for the meas-urement of oil and gas production activities, inspection of meters or other measurement methodologies, and other operational activi-ties, as determined by the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 4404. UNDER SECRETARY FOR SCIENCE AND ENERGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202(b) of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for Science’’ and inserting ‘‘for Science and En-ergy (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Under Secretary’)’’; (2) in paragraph (3), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for Science’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for Science’’; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (G), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) establish appropriate linkages be-tween offices under the jurisdiction of the Under Secretary; and ‘‘(I) perform such functions and duties as the Secretary shall prescribe, consistent with this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 641(h)(2) of the United States Energy Storage Competitiveness Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17231(h)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Science’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Science and Energy’’. Subtitle F—Markets 
SEC. 4501. ENHANCED INFORMATION ON CRIT-ICAL ENERGY SUPPLIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 205 of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7135) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(n) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON CRIT-
ICAL ENERGY SUPPLIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To ensure transparency of information relating to energy infrastruc-ture and product ownership in the United States and improve the ability to evaluate the energy security of the United States, the Administrator, in consultation with other Federal agencies (as necessary), shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, develop and provide notice of a plan to collect, in co-operation with the Commodity Futures Trade Commission, information identifying all oil inventories, and other physical oil as-sets (including all petroleum-based products and the storage of such products in off-shore tankers), that are owned by the 50 largest traders of oil contracts (including derivative contracts), as determined by the Commodity Futures Trade Commission; and ‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date on which notice is provided under subpara-graph (A), implement the plan described in that subparagraph. ‘‘(2) INFORMATION .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include a descrip-tion of the plan of the Administrator for col-lecting company-specific data, including— ‘‘(A) volumes of product under ownership; and ‘‘(B) storage and transportation capacity (including owned and leased capacity). ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—Section 12(f) of the Federal Energy Administration Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 771(f)) shall apply to information collected under this subsection. ‘‘(o) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON STOR-
AGECAPACITY FOR OIL AND NATURAL GAS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Administrator of the Energy In-formation Administration shall collect infor-mation quantifying the commercial storage capacity for oil and natural gas in the United States. ‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—The Administrator shall update annually the information required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—Section 12(f) of the Federal Energy Administration Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 771(f)) shall apply to information collected under this subsection. ‘‘(p) F
INANCIAL MARKET ANALYSIS OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There shall be with-in the Energy Information Administration a Financial Market Analysis Office. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Office shall— ‘‘(A) be responsible for analysis of the fi-nancial aspects of energy markets; ‘‘(B) review the reports required by section 4503(c) of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016 in advance of the submission of the reports to Congress; and ‘‘(C) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) make recommendations to the Admin-istrator of the Energy Information Adminis-tration that identify and quantify any addi-tional resources that are required to improve the ability of the Energy Information Ad-ministration to more fully integrate finan-cial market information into the analyses and forecasts of the Energy Information Ad-ministration, including the role of energy fu-tures contracts, energy commodity swaps, and derivatives in price formation for oil; ‘‘(ii) conduct a review of implications of policy changes (including changes in export or import policies) and changes in how crude oil and refined petroleum products are trans-ported with respect to price formation of crude oil and refined petroleum products; and ‘‘(iii) notify the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Appropriations, of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Appropriations, of the House of Representatives of the recommendations described in clause (i). ‘‘(3) A
NALYSES .—The Administrator of the Energy Information Administration shall take analyses by the Office into account in conducting analyses and forecasting of en-ergy prices.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 645 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7255) is amended by inserting ‘‘(15 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978’’. 
SEC. 4502. WORKING GROUP ON ENERGY MAR-KETS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Working Group on Energy Markets (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Working Group’’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jan 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S209 January 26, 2016 
(b) C OMPOSITION .—The Working Group shall be composed of— (1) the Secretary; (2) the Secretary of the Treasury; (3) the Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; (4) the Chairman of Federal Trade Commis-sion; (5) the Chairman of the Securities and Ex-change Commission; (6) the Chairman of the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission; and (7) the Administrator of the Energy Infor-mation Administration. (c) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary shall serve as the Chairperson of the Working Group. (d) C
OMPENSATION .—A member of the Working Group shall serve without addi-tional compensation for the work of the member of the Working Group. (e) P
URPOSE AND FUNCTION .—The Working Group shall— (1) investigate the effect of increased fi-nancial investment in energy commodities on energy prices and the energy security of the United States; (2) recommend to the President and Con-gress laws (including regulations) that may be needed to prevent excessive speculation in energy commodity markets in order to pre-vent or minimize the adverse impact of ex-cessive speculation on energy prices on con-sumers and the economy of the United States; and (3) review energy security implications of developments in international energy mar-kets. (f) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall provide the Working Group with such admin-istrative and support services as may be nec-essary for the performance of the functions of the Working Group. (g) C
OOPERATION OF OTHER AGENCIES .—The heads of Executive departments, agencies, and independent instrumentalities shall, to the extent permitted by law, provide the Working Group with such information as the Working Group requires to carry out this section. (h) C
ONSULTATION .—The Working Group shall consult, as appropriate, with represent-atives of the various exchanges, clearing-houses, self-regulatory bodies, other major market participants, consumers, and the general public. 
SEC. 4503. STUDY OF REGULATORY FRAMEWORK FOR ENERGY MARKETS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Working Group shall con-duct a study— (1) to identify the factors that affect the pricing of crude oil and refined petroleum products, including an examination of the ef-fects of market speculation on prices; and (2) to review and assess— (A) existing statutory authorities relating to the oversight and regulation of markets critical to the energy security of the United States; and (B) the need for additional statutory au-thority for the Federal Government to effec-tively oversee and regulate markets critical to the energy security of the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS OF STUDY .—The study shall include— (1) an examination of price formation of crude oil and refined petroleum products; (2) an examination of relevant inter-national regulatory regimes; and (3) an examination of the degree to which changes in energy market transparency, li-quidity, and structure have influenced or driven abuse, manipulation, excessive specu-lation, or inefficient price formation. (c) R
EPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives quarterly progress reports during the conduct of the study under this section, and a final report not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, that— (1) describes the results of the study; and (2) provides options and the recommenda-tions of the Working Group for appropriate Federal coordination of oversight and regu-latory actions to ensure transparency of crude oil and refined petroleum product pric-ing and the elimination of excessive specula-tion, including recommendations on data collection and analysis to be carried out by the Financial Market Analysis Office estab-lished by section 205(p) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7135(p)). Subtitle G—Affordability SEC. 4601. E-PRIZE COMPETITION PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1008 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16396) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) E-
PRIZE COMPETITION PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity; ‘‘(ii) a public-private partnership; or ‘‘(iii) a local, municipal, or tribal govern-mental entity. ‘‘(B) H
IGH-COST REGION .—The term ‘high- cost region’ means a region in which the av-erage annual unsubsidized costs of electrical power retail rates or household space heat-ing costs per square foot exceed 150 percent of the national average, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) E-
PRIZE COMPETITION PILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an e-prize competition or challenge pilot program to broadly implement sustain-able community and regional energy solu-tions that seek to reduce energy costs through increased efficiency, conservation, and technology innovation in high-cost re-gions. ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION .—In carrying out the pilot program under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall award a prize purse, in amounts to be determined by the Secretary, to each eligible entity selected through 1 or more of the following competitions or challenges: ‘‘(i) A point solution competition that re-wards and spurs the development of solu-tions for a particular, well-defined problem. ‘‘(ii) An exposition competition that helps identify and promote a broad range of ideas and practices that may not otherwise attract attention, facilitating further development of the idea or practice by third parties. ‘‘(iii) A participation competition that cre-ates value during and after the competition by encouraging contestants to change their behavior or develop new skills that may have beneficial effects during and after the com-petition. ‘‘(iv) Such other types of prizes or chal-lenges as the Secretary, in consultation with relevant heads of Federal agencies, considers appropriate to stimulate innovation that has the potential to advance the mission of the applicable Federal agency. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $10,000,000, to re-main available until expended.’’. Subtitle H—Code Maintenance 
SEC. 4701. REPEAL OF OFF-HIGHWAY MOTOR VE-HICLES STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part I of title III of the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6373) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (Public Law 94–163; 89 Stat. 871) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to part I of title III; and (2) by striking the item relating to section 385. SEC. 4702. REPEAL OF METHANOL STUDY. 
Section 400EE of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374d) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (a); and (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. 
SEC. 4703. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS PROVISION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 208 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6808) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Conservation and Production Act (Public Law 94–385; 90 Stat. 1126) is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 208. 
SEC. 4704. REPEAL OF RESIDENTIAL ENERGY EF-FICIENCY STANDARDS STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 253 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8232) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 253. 
SEC. 4705. REPEAL OF WEATHERIZATION STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 254 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8233) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 254. 
SEC. 4706. REPEAL OF REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 273 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8236b) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 273. 
SEC. 4707. REPEAL OF REPORT BY GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 154 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262a) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 154. (2) Section 159 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262e) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 4708. REPEAL OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL EN-ERGY MANAGEMENT PLANNING AND COORDINATION WORKSHOPS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 156 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262b) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 156. 
SEC. 4709. REPEAL OF INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT SURVEY AND PRESIDENT’S COUNCIL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFI-CIENCY REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 160 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262f) is amended by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘(c) I
NSPECTOR  G
ENERAL REVIEW .—Each Inspector General’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 160. INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
‘‘Each Inspector General’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES210 January 26, 2016 
(Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 160 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 160. Inspector General review. ’’. 
SEC. 4710. REPEAL OF PROCUREMENT AND IDEN-TIFICATION OF ENERGY EFFICIENT PRODUCTS PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 161 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262g) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 161. 
SEC. 4711. REPEAL OF NATIONAL ACTION PLAN FOR DEMAND RESPONSE. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part 5 of title V of the Na-tional Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8279 et seq.) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206; 121 Stat. 1665) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to part 5 of title V; and (2) by striking the item relating to section 571. 
SEC. 4712. REPEAL OF NATIONAL COAL POLICY STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 741 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8451) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 741. 
SEC. 4713. REPEAL OF STUDY ON COMPLIANCE PROBLEM OF SMALL ELECTRIC UTILITY SYSTEMS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 744 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8454) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 744. 
SEC. 4714. REPEAL OF STUDY OF SOCIO-ECONOMIC IMPACTS OF INCREASED COAL PRODUCTION AND OTHER EN-ERGY DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 746 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8456) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 746. 
SEC. 4715. REPEAL OF STUDY OF THE USE OF PE-TROLEUM AND NATURAL GAS IN COMBUSTORS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 747 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8457) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 747. 
SEC. 4716. REPEAL OF SUBMISSION OF REPORTS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 807 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8483) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 807. 
SEC. 4717. REPEAL OF ELECTRIC UTILITY CON-SERVATION PLAN. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 808 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8484) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 808. (2) REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .—Section 712 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8422) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERALLY .—’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 4718. EMERGENCY ENERGY CONSERVATION REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS .— (1) Section 201 of the Emergency Energy Conservation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8501) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
FINDINGS AND ’’; and (B) by striking subsection (a). (2) Section 221 of the Emergency Energy Conservation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8521) is re-pealed. (3) Section 222 of the Emergency Energy Conservation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8522) is re-pealed. (4) 241 of the Emergency Energy Conserva-tion Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8531) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Emergency Energy Con-servation Act of 1979 (Public Law 96–102; 93 Stat. 749) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 201 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 201. Purposes. ’’; and (2) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 221, 222, and 241. 
SEC. 4719. ENERGY SECURITY ACT REPEALS. 
(a) B IOMASS ENERGY DEVELOPMENT  P
LANS .—Subtitle A of title II of the Energy Security Act (42 U.S.C. 8811 et seq.) is re-pealed. (b) M
UNICIPAL WASTE BIOMASS ENERGY .— Subtitle B of title II of the Energy Security Act (42 U.S.C. 8831 et seq.) is repealed. (c) U
SE OF GASOHOL IN FEDERAL MOTOR VE-
HICLES .—Section 271 of the Energy Security Act (42 U.S.C. 8871) is repealed. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the Energy Se-curity Act (Public Law 96–294; 94 Stat. 611) is amended— (A) by striking the items relating to sub-title A and B of title II; (B) by striking the item relating to section 204 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 204. Funding. ........................... ’’; and (C) by striking the item relating to section 271. (2) Section 203 of the Biomass Energy and Alcohol Fuels Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 8802) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (16); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (17) through (19) as paragraphs (16) through (18), respectively. (3) Section 204 of the Energy Security Act (42 U.S.C. 8803) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
FOR SUBTITLES A AND B ’’; and (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 4720. NUCLEAR SAFETY RESEARCH, DEVEL-OPMENT, AND DEMONSTRATION ACT OF 1980 REPEALS. 
Sections 5 and 6 of the Nuclear Safety Re-search, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9704, 9705) are repealed. 
SEC. 4721. ELIMINATION AND CONSOLIDATION OF CERTAIN AMERICA COMPETES PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF PROGRAM AUTHORI -
TIES.— (1) N
UCLEAR SCIENCE TALENT EXPANSION  
PROGRAM FOR INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU -
CATION .—Section 5004 of the America COM-PETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16532) is repealed. (2) H
YDROCARBON SYSTEMS SCIENCE TALENT  
EXPANSION PROGRAM FOR INSTITUTIONS OF  
HIGHER EDUCATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Section 5005(e) of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16533(e)) is repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 5005(f) of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16533(f)) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2); (ii) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘There are’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are’’; and (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (F) as paragraphs (1) through (6), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately. (3) D
ISCOVERY SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING IN -
NOVATION INSTITUTES .—Section 5008 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16535) is repealed. (4) E
LIMINATION OF DUPLICATIVE AUTHORITY  
FOR EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Sections 3181 and 3185 of the Department of Energy Science Education Enhancement Act (42 U.S.C. 7381 l, 42 U.S.C. 7381n) are repealed. (5) M
ENTORING PROGRAM .—Section 3195 of the Department of Energy Science Education Enhancement Act (42 U.S.C. 7381r) is re-pealed. (b) R
EPEAL OF AUTHORIZATIONS .— (1) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY EARLY CAREER  
AWARDS FOR SCIENCE , ENGINEERING , AND 
MATHEMATICS RESEARCHERS .—Section 5006 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16534) is amended by striking subsection (h). (2) D
ISTINGUISHED SCIENTIST PROGRAM .— Section 5011 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16537) is amended by striking sub-section (j). (3) P
ROTECTING AMERICA ’S COMPETITIVE  
EDGE (PACE) GRADUATE FELLOWSHIP PRO -
GRAM .—Section 5009 of the America COM-PETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16536) is amended by striking subsection (f). (c) C
ONSOLIDATION OF DUPLICATIVE PRO-
GRAM AUTHORITIES .— (1) U
NIVERSITY NUCLEAR SCIENCE AND ENGI -
NEERING SUPPORT .—Section 954 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16274) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘nuclear chemistry,’’ after ‘‘nuclear engineering,’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respec-tively; and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) award grants, not to exceed 5 years in duration, to institutions of higher education with existing academic degree programs in nuclear sciences and related fields— ‘‘(A) to increase the number of graduates in nuclear science and related fields; ‘‘(B) to enhance the teaching and research of advanced nuclear technologies; ‘‘(C) to undertake collaboration with in-dustry and National Laboratories; and ‘‘(D) to bolster or sustain nuclear infra-structure and research facilities of institu-tions of higher education, such as research and training reactors and laboratories;’’. (2) C
ONSOLIDATION OF DEPARTMENT OF EN -
ERGY EARLY CAREER AWARDS FOR SCIENCE , EN-
GINEERING , AND MATHEMATICS RESEARCHERS  
PROGRAM AND DISTINGUISHED SCIENTIST PRO -
GRAM .— (A) F
UNDING .—Section 971(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16311(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) For the Department of Energy early career awards for science, engineering, and mathematics researchers program under sec-tion 5006 of the America COMPETES Act (42 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jan 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S211 January 26, 2016 
U.S.C. 16534) and the distinguished scientist program under section 5011 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 16537), $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, of which not more than 65 percent of the amount made avail-able for a fiscal year under this paragraph may be used to carry out section 5006 or 5011 of that Act.’’. (B) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY EARLY CAREER  
AWARDS FOR SCIENCE , ENGINEERING , AND 
MATHEMATICS RESEARCHERS .—Section 5006 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16534) is amended— (i) in subsection (b)(1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘average’’ before ‘‘amount’’; and (bb) by inserting ‘‘for each year’’ before ‘‘shall’’; (II) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$80,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$190,000’’; and (III) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$125,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$490,000’’; (ii) in subsection (c)(1)(C)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘assistant professor or equivalent title’’ and inserting ‘‘untenured assistant or associate professor’’; and (bb) by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon at the end; (II) by striking clause (ii); and (III) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii); (iii) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis’’ and in-serting ‘‘through a competitive process using merit-based peer review.’’; (iv) in subsection (e)— (I) by striking ‘‘(e)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘To be eligible’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) S
ELECTION PROCESS AND CRITERIA .—To be eligible’’; and (II) by striking paragraph (2); and (v) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘non-profit, nondegree-granting research organi-zations’’ and inserting ‘‘National Labora-tories’’. (3) S
CIENCE EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Section 3164 of the Department of Energy Science Education Enhancement Act (42 U.S.C. 7381a) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Of-fice of Science (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Director’) shall provide for appro-priate coordination of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education programs across all functions of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Director shall— ‘‘(A) consult with— ‘‘(i) the Assistant Secretary of Energy with responsibility for energy efficiency and re-newable energy programs; and ‘‘(ii) the Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration; and ‘‘(B) seek to increase the participation and advancement of women and underrep-resented minorities at every level of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (III) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) represent the Department as the prin-cipal interagency liaison for all coordination activities under the President for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education programs; and’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Director shall submit a report describing the impact of the activities assisted with the Fund established under paragraph (1) to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate.’’. (4) P
ROTECTING AMERICA ’S COMPETITIVE  
EDGE (PACE) GRADUATE FELLOWSHIP PRO -
GRAM .—Section 5009 of the America COM-PETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16536) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘, involv-ing’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) to demonstrate excellent academic performance and understanding of scientific or technical subjects; and’’; (B) in subsection (d)(1)(B)(i), by inserting ‘‘full or partial’’ before ‘‘graduate tuition’’; and (C) in subsection (e), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Director of Science, Engineering, and Mathematics Education’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Office of Science.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents for the America COMPETES ACT (Public Law 110–69; 121 Stat. 573) is amended by striking the items relating to sections 5004 and 5008. 
SEC. 4722. REPEAL OF STATE UTILITY REGU-LATORY ASSISTANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 207 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6807) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Conservation and Production Act (Public Law 94–385; 90 Stat. 1126) is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 207. 
SEC. 4723. REPEAL OF SURVEY OF ENERGY SAV-ING POTENTIAL. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 550 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8258b) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206; 106 Stat. 2851) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 550. (2) Section 543(d)(2) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘, incorporating any relevant information obtained from the sur-vey conducted pursuant to section 550’’. 
SEC. 4724. REPEAL OF PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part 4 of title V of the Na-tional Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8271 et seq.) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to part 4 of title V; and (2) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 561 through 569. 
SEC. 4725. REPEAL OF ENERGY AUDITOR TRAIN-ING AND CERTIFICATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subtitle F of title V of the Energy Security Act (42 U.S.C. 8285 et seq.) is repealed. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Security Act (Public Law 96–294; 94 Stat. 611) is amended by strik-ing the items relating to subtitle F of title V. 
SEC. 4726. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subtitle F of title VII of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8461) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to subtitle F of title VII. 
SEC. 4727. REPEAL OF RENEWABLE ENERGY AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY TECHNOLOGY COMPETITIVENESS ACT OF 1989. 
(a) R EPEAL .—The Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Technology Competitive-ness Act of 1989 (42 U.S.C. 12001 et seq.) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 6(b)(3) of the Federal Non-nuclear Energy Research and Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5905(b)(3)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (Q), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) by striking subparagraph (R); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (S) as subparagraph (R). (2) Section 1204 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13313) is amended— (A) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, in consultation with’’ and all that follows through ‘‘under section 6 of the Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Technology Competitiveness Act of 1989,’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘, in con-sultation with the Advisory Committee,’’. 
SEC. 4728. REPEAL OF HYDROGEN RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND DEMONSTRA-TION PROGRAM. 
The Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Re-search, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12401 et seq.) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 4729. REPEAL OF STUDY ON ALTERNATIVE FUEL USE IN NONROAD VEHICLES AND ENGINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 412 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13238) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 412. 
SEC. 4730. REPEAL OF LOW INTEREST LOAN PRO-GRAM FOR SMALL BUSINESS FLEET PURCHASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 414 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13239) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 414. 
SEC. 4731. REPEAL OF TECHNICAL AND POLICY ANALYSIS FOR REPLACEMENT FUEL DEMAND AND SUPPLY INFORMA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13256) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 506. (2) Section 507(m) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13257(m)) is amended by striking ‘‘and section 506’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES212 January 26, 2016 
SEC. 4732. REPEAL OF 1992 REPORT ON CLIMATE CHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1601 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13381) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 1601. (2) Section 1602(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13382(a)) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘the report required under section 1601 and’’. 
SEC. 4733. REPEAL OF DIRECTOR OF CLIMATE PROTECTOR ESTABLISHMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1603 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13383) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 1603. 
SEC. 4734. REPEAL OF 1994 REPORT ON GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE EMISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1604 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13384) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 1604. 
SEC. 4735. REPEAL OF TELECOMMUTING STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2028 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13438) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 2028. 
SEC. 4736. REPEAL OF ADVANCED BUILDINGS FOR 2005 PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2104 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13454) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 2104. (2) Section 2101(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13451(a)) (as amended by section 1201(d)(3)) is amended, in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘2104,’’. 
SEC. 4737. REPEAL OF ENERGY RESEARCH, DE-VELOPMENT, DEMONSTRATION, AND COMMERCIAL APPLICATION ADVI-SORY BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2302 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13522) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 2302. (2) Section 6 of the Federal Nonnuclear En-ergy Research and Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5905) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, in consultation with the Advisory Board established under section 2302 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992,’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, in consultation with the Advi-sory Board established under section 2302 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), in the second sen-tence, by striking ‘‘, in consultation with the Advisory Board established under section 2302 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992,’’; and (C) in subsection (c), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, in consultation with the Advi-sory Board established under section 2302 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992,’’. (3) Section 2011(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13411(c)) is amended, in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘, and with the Advisory Board established under section 2302’’. (4) Section 2304 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13523), is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, in con-sultation with the Advisory Board estab-lished under section 2302,’’; and (B) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, with the advice of the Advisory Board established under section 2302 of this Act,’’. SEC. 4738. REPEAL OF STUDY ON USE OF ENERGY FUTURES FOR FUEL PURCHASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3014 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13552) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 3014. 
SEC. 4739. REPEAL OF ENERGY SUBSIDY STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3015 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13553) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 3015. TITLE V—CONSERVATION REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 5001. NATIONAL PARK SERVICE MAINTE-NANCE AND REVITALIZATION CON-SERVATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 104908. National Park Service Maintenance and Revitalization Conservation Fund ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is established in the Treasury a fund, to be known as the ‘Na-tional Park Service Critical Maintenance and Revitalization Conservation Fund’ (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Fund’). ‘‘(b) D
EPOSITS TO FUND.—Notwithstanding any provision of law providing that the pro-ceeds shall be credited to miscellaneous re-ceipts of the Treasury, for each fiscal year, there shall be deposited in the Fund, from revenues due and payable to the United States under section 9 of the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338) $150,000,000. ‘‘(c) U
SE AND AVAILABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts deposited in the Fund shall— ‘‘(A) be used only for the purposes de-scribed in subsection (d); and ‘‘(B) be available for expenditure only after the amounts are appropriated for those pur-poses. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Any amounts in the Fund not appropriated shall remain avail-able in the Fund until appropriated. ‘‘(3) N
O LIMITATION .—Appropriations from the Fund pursuant to this section may be made without fiscal year limitation. ‘‘(d) N
ATIONAL PARK SYSTEM CRITICAL DE-
FERRED MAINTENANCE .—The Secretary shall use amounts appropriated from the Fund for high-priority deferred maintenance needs of the Service that support critical infrastruc-ture and visitor services. ‘‘(e) L
AND ACQUISITION PROHIBITION .— Amounts in the Fund shall not be used for land acquisition.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104907 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§104908. National Park Service Maintenance and Revitalization Conserva-tion Fund.’’. SEC. 5002. LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 200302 of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘During the period ending September 30, 2018, there’’ and inserting ‘‘There’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘through September 30, 2018’’. (b) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—Section 200304 of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘There’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) In General.—There’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION .—Of the appropriations from the Fund— ‘‘(1) not less than 40 percent shall be used collectively for Federal purposes under sec-tion 200306; ‘‘(2) not less than 40 percent shall be used collectively— ‘‘(A) to provide financial assistance to States under section 200305; ‘‘(B) for the Forest Legacy Program estab-lished under section 7 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2103c); ‘‘(C) for cooperative endangered species grants authorized under section 6 of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535); and ‘‘(D) for the American Battlefield Protec-tion Program established under chapter 3081; and ‘‘(3) not less than 1.5 percent or $10,000,000, whichever is greater, shall be used for projects that secure recreational public ac-cess to Federal public land for hunting, fish-ing, or other recreational purposes.’’. (c) C
ONSERVATION EASEMENTS .—Section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
ONSERVATION EASEMENTS .—The Sec- retary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall consider the acquisition of conservation easements and other similar interests in land where appropriate and feasible.’’. (d) A
CQUISITION CONSIDERATIONS .—Section 200306 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by subsection (c)), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) A
CQUISITION CONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall take into account the following in de-termining the land or interests in land to ac-quire: ‘‘(1) Management efficiencies. ‘‘(2) Management cost savings. ‘‘(3) Geographic distribution. ‘‘(4) Significance of the acquisition. ‘‘(5) Urgency of the acquisition. ‘‘(6) Threats to the integrity of the land to be acquired. ‘‘(7) The recreational value of the land.’’. 
SEC. 5003. HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND. 
Section 303102 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of fiscal years 2012 to 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year’’. f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, with that little update on the weath-er—and again, a recognition of the hardy souls who kind of like winter—I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S213 January 26, 2016 
adjourn until 11 a.m., Wednesday, Jan-uary 27; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate begin con-sideration of S. 2012; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
PROGRAM  
Before we conclude, I do want to let Members know that we are very seri-ous about moving quickly and aggres-sively on the Energy Policy Moderniza-tion Act when we take it up tomorrow. Given that we have a very shortened workweek and a lot to do, I am going to ask colleagues to engage with us. Senator CANTWELL and I have both been here all weekend working on this. I am not carrying this binder around because I want to keep my muscles in shape for the next shoveling. I am car-rying it around because we have good stuff within this Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act that we want to get moved through. It is going to require a great level of cooperation, but we are going to be ready to hit the ground running and try to move quickly through this very, very important leg-islation. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection to the Sen-ator’s request? Hearing none, it is so ordered. In my personal capacity as the Sen-ator from Maine, I wish to commend the Senator from Alaska for her dili-gence and for being here today. Ms. MURKOWSKI. The accolades go both ways, Madam President. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. TOMORROW Ms. MURKOWKSI. Madam President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 10:10 a.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, January 27, 2016, at 11 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jan 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.003 S26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
D62 Tuesday, January 26, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S167–S213 Vazquez Nomination and Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the order for Tuesday, January 26, 2016, with respect to the con-sideration of S. 2012, to provide for the moderniza-tion of the energy policy of the United States, and the nomination of John Michael Vazquez, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, be modified for Wednesday, January 27, 2016, as follows: consideration of S. 2012 be for debate only until 2:15 p.m., and that at 5:15 p.m., Senate begin consideration of the nom-ination of John Michael Vazquez, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, as under the previous order.
        Page S167 Measures Placed on the Calendar:    Pages S167, S169 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements:
                                  Pages S168–69 
Amendments Submitted:                         Pages S169–S212 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:10 a.m., until 11 a.m. on Wednesday, January 27, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S212–13) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 2 p.m. on Thursday, January 28, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine military space launch and the use of Russian-made rocket engines; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine the future nuclear posture of the United States, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine attacking America’s epidemic of heroin and prescription drug abuse, 10 a.m., SD–226. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Elizabeth J. Drake, of Maryland, Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, 2 p.m., SD–226. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Jan 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JA6.REC D26JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D63 January 26, 2016 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of January 27 through January 29, 2016 Senate Chamber On Wednesday, Senate will begin consideration of S. 2012, Energy Policy Modernization Act. At 5:15, Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of John Michael Vazquez, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination, at approximately 5:30 p.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: January 27, to hold hear-ings to examine military space launch and the use of Rus-sian-made rocket engines; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. January 27, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine the future nuclear posture of the United States, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Finance: January 28, to hold hearings to examine helping Americans prepare for retirement, focus-ing on increasing access, participation and coverage in re-tirement savings plans, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: January 28, business meeting to consider H.R. 757, to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, H.R. 1493, to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, S. 1882, to support the sustainable recovery and rebuilding of Nepal following the recent, devastating earthquakes near Kathmandu, S. 2231, to express the sense of Congress that the Government of the Maldives should immediately release former President Mohamed Nasheed from prison and release all other political prisoners in the country, as well as guarantee due process for and respect the human rights of all of the people of the Maldives, S. 2426, to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to ob-tain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, S. Res. 347, honoring the memory and legacy of Anita Ashok Datar and con-demning the terrorist attack in Bamako, Mali, on No-vember 20, 2015, and a list in the Foreign Service, 10 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Jan- uary 28, to hold hearings to examine generic drug user fee amendments, focusing on accelerating patient access to generic drugs, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: January 28, Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Health and Human Services’s placement of migrant children, fo-cusing on vulnerabilities to human trafficking, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: January 27, to hold hearings to examine attacking America’s epidemic of heroin and prescription drug abuse, 10 a.m., SD–226. January 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Eliz-abeth J. Drake, of Maryland, Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Inter-national Trade, 2 p.m., SD–226. January 28, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in sup-port of terrorism as renunciation of United States nation-ality, H.R. 1428, to extend Privacy Act remedies to citi-zens of certified states, S. 483, to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, S. 2040, to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and the nominations of Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Is-land, and Susan Paradise Baxter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, 10 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: January 28, to hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the Small Business Innovation Research/Small Business Tech-nology Transfer programs, focusing on the importance of small business innovation to national and economic secu-rity, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: January 28, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Jan 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JA6.REC D26JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD64 January 26, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Wednesday, January 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will begin consider-ation of S. 2012, Energy Policy Modernization Act. At 5:15, Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of John Michael Vazquez, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination, at approxi-mately 5:30 p.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Thursday, January 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 2 p.m. on Thursday, January 28, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Jan 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26JA6.REC D26JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST