Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1621 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2016 No. 50 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, April 11, 2016, at 3:30 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , APRIL 4, 2016 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
ILL C
ASSIDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Worthy God, unto whom all hearts are opened, all desires known, and from whom no secrets are hidden, we praise Your Holy Name. You commanded light to shine out of darkness and gave us the gift of this day. Lord, we borrow our heartbeats from You; great is Your faithfulness. Help our lawmakers to take the long view of their work and to not become weary in doing Your will. Teach them to trust Your wisdom, opening their minds to the counsels of Your sacred Word. Give them the graciousness to humbly serve one another, following Your example of lowliness. Lord, keep them always within the circle of Your will. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, April 4, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ILLCASSIDY , a Sen- ator from the State of Louisiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. CASSIDY thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senate majority leader is recognized. 
f 
THANKING OUR CAPITOL POLICE OFFICERS AND WELCOMING CHIEF MATTHEW VERDEROSA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I welcome our colleagues back from their State work periods. The Senate has gotten a lot done under the new majority, and we will continue our work today. First, I want to remember the daily sacrifice of our Capitol Police in light of the incident last Monday. Incidents like these remind us of the sacrifices officers make on our behalf each and every day. These brave men and women protect all who work here. They pro-tect the countless visitors from across our Nation and across the world. They defend this symbol of our democracy, and that means putting themselves in harm’s way day in and day out. Again, we thank them for it. We also welcome Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa. Chief Verderosa comes to us with more than three dec-ades of law enforcement experience, and that is a good thing given that this incident occurred just days into his new position. The Chief inherits an able, brave team who works hard every day to keep us safe. We look forward to continuing our close working relation-ship with the Capitol Police under his leadership. f 
DEFEND TRADE SECRETS BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the De-fend Trade Secrets Act. This bipartisan legislation can help promote growth of the economy, help spur the increase and retention of American jobs, and help protect American innovation in the global economy. It aims to do so by providing tools for American compa-nies both small and large to effectively protect some of their most valuable as-sets in today’s international economy. American companies spend billions every year on research and develop-ment and in the creation of products we use every day. But some thieves would rather not go through the trou-ble of developing products themselves; they would rather just steal the fruits of others’ creativity and innovation. That is more than just wrong; it puts American jobs and the American econ-omy at risk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.000 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1622 April 4, 2016 
American businesses find themselves increasingly under attack from a so-phisticated effort to steal the very things that give them a competitive edge in the 21st-century economy— things such as codes, formulas, and confidential manufacturing processes. While it has never been easier for these thieves to launch attacks on innova-tion, sometimes armed with little more than a jump drive, many American businesses now find themselves less able to protect their important assets under current law. Senator H
ATCH knew we had to do something about this. He knew it was time to modernize our trade secret laws to keep pace with rapid advances in technology and in criminal tech-niques. He knew it was time to stream-line and simplify the process for U.S. companies to effectively defend Amer-ican jobs, American growth, and the American innovation that is increas-ingly at the heart of our modern econ-omy. Senator H
ATCH worked across the aisle with Senator C
OONS to develop the Defend Trade Secrets Act. This bi-partisan legislation eventually gained the cosponsorship of a majority of the Senate. This bipartisan legislation also passed the Judiciary Committee unani-mously. That is impressive, and it wouldn’t have happened without the able leadership of the chairman of that committee, Senator G
RASSLEY from Iowa. Since the new majority took of-fice, Senator G
RASSLEY has been a highly effective legislator as chairman of the Judiciary Committee. From comprehensive legislation to address America’s opioid epidemic, to pro-tecting the victims of modern slavery, to today’s effort to support American innovation, he has received widespread praise from both sides of the aisle for leading a very productive committee. Senator G
RASSLEY is a hard worker, and he is again winning kudos on this bill. The organization that represents America’s tech sector said that ‘‘the committee’s process has been very open and thoughtful.’’ A broad cross section of American businesses wrote that ‘‘the approach to the bill has been consensus-oriented.’’ This, they said, ‘‘led to broad and enthusiastic support from a wide range of American organi-zations and companies . . . rep-resenting the technology, medical de-vice, agriculture, biotech, pharma-ceutical, automobile, clean energy, consumer products and manufacturing sectors.’’ Here is what I say: Today’s trade se-cret theft is high-tech. It is fast mov-ing, and it threatens America’s econ-omy, America’s jobs, and America’s in-novation. I ask that my colleagues join me this evening in voting to fight back on be-half of the American people. I ask them to join me in supporting the bipartisan Defend Trade Secrets Act. TERRORIST THREATS Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, in recent weeks we have again been re-minded of the pervasive threat posed by Islamic terrorists to the world. We have seen ghastly images in places as diverse as Brussels, Yemen, and La-hore. Attacks seem to be coming near-ly weekly now, and it feels as if we hear of a new one almost every time we flip on the news. Over the weekend, the chairman of the Intelligence Committee delivered an address focused on the threat facing us and what we can ultimately do to overcome it. Senator B
URR noted that he could not remember a time when the United States and its allies faced a greater array of threats across the world, which is why, as he put it, ‘‘we cannot simply focus our efforts on how to best respond to attacks once they’ve already happened.’’ Senator B
URR spoke on the significance of working with our allies to target threats at every level. He talked about the impor-tance of ensuring that law enforcement has the tools and authorities needed to keep Americans safe. He also under-lined the need for President Obama to do more in directly taking on ISIL and made clear that doing so would require leadership that reached beyond the ad-ministration’s current containment strategy. It is clear that defeating ISIL, Al Qaeda, and its affiliates will require concerted action by our military, the intelligence community, and inter-national partners around the globe. That is why we have continued to press the administration for a serious plan to defeat these terrorist groups and not simply attempt to contain them. In ad-dition to the ongoing air campaign, the President has lauded deploying special operations forces to target and pursue ISIL. It is a positive step, but a cred-ible ground force will be needed to de-feat ISIL. As Senator B
URR put it, ‘‘We’re be-yond containment and must move deci-sively and with purpose to eliminate the Islamic State.’’ ‘‘The President,’’ he continued, has accurately stated ‘‘that ‘ISIL poses a threat to the entire civilized world.’ Now is the time for our strategy to match that threat.’’ 
f 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.R. 636, the vehi-cle we will use for FAA reauthoriza-tion. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 55, H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. DEFEND TRADE SECRETS BILL  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I under-stand why my friend the Republican leader is doing everything he can to shine a bright light on the Judiciary Committee. It is kind of hard to do that considering everything that is going on today. The bill that we will vote on at 5:30 p.m. would have passed with unanimous consent, and every-body knows that. We don’t need to take up the Senate’s time on a bill that would pass just like that. We are doing it because it focuses less attention on the inadequacy of the Judiciary Com-mittee. The Defend Trade Secrets Act was easily reported out of committee. There were no problems. It was a bill on which everybody agreed. There may be some reasons for it, but I don’t see why the Judiciary Committee should be given a few pats on the back. The problem is that the committee does not deserve any pats on the back at this stage. 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, as U.S. Senators we have a constitutional obli-gation to consider nominees to impor-tant positions. That is one of our con-stitutional responsibilities. Judges play an essential role in our society, and we should give qualified nominees the fair shot they deserve. Sadly, the Republican Senate has refused to do its job. They have a new standard: Unless the judge-to-be passes the test on the National Rifle Association, as stated by the Republican leader on national TV, they can’t vote for him. The Judiciary Committee has been hammered—and that is an understate-ment—day after day in the State of Iowa, the home State of the chairman of the committee. This is a headline from the largest newspaper in the State, the Des Moines Register: ‘‘Grassley leads slowdown of judicial confirmations.’’ Here is what this head-line is all about: 
The Republican-controlled Senate Judici-ary Committee and its Chairman, Senator Grassley, have fallen far behind any com-parable Senate in confirming judicial nomi-nations. 
Reading directly from the Des Moines Register article: 
Even before the current controversy over consideration of a Supreme Court justice, ac-tion on federal court nominations has slowed markedly since U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley took control of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. Since Republicans won a Senate majority in 2014, the number of President Obama’s nominees winning confirmation to the bench has fallen compared with previous years and long-term averages, as have the number ad-vancing out of Grassley’s Judiciary Com-mittee, according to data from the Congres-sional Research Service and the federal judi-ciary. 
The article also quotes Professor Sheldon Goldman, an expert on judicial confirmations from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He said: ‘‘With Republicans taking over the Senate, the strategy has been to ob-struct, delay and slow-walk these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04AP6.002 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1623 April 4, 2016 
nominees at every stage of the proc-ess.’’ Statistics from the nonpartisan Con-gressional Research Service confirmed Professor Goldman’s assertion. Under Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s leadership, the Judiciary Committee is grinding the nomination process to a halt. The num-ber of judicial nominations confirmed in this Congress is the worst. To date, this Republican-controlled Senate has confirmed only 16 judicial nomina-tions. That is one judge a month. Contrast that with the last years of George W. Bush’s Presidency. We had a Democratic Senate and we had a Re-publican President. Then-Democratic Chair L
EAHY and his Senate colleagues confirmed 40 judges—40 confirmations compared to 16 under Chairman G
RASS -
LEY. The numbers speak for them-selves. But to better understand the dys-function of Senator G
RASSLEY ’s com-mittee, we have to consider the slow pace at which he and Republicans are reporting judicial nominations. We have to go back more than six decades to find a Senate Judiciary Committee that was less productive than Chair-man G
RASSLEY ’s committee is today. Republicans will doubtless claim that their committee has stopped working because it is the last year of Obama’s Presidency. That is simply nonsense. In 1988—President Reagan’s last year— the Senate Judiciary Committee re-ported circuit and district court nomi-nations as late as October. The Senate considered President Reagan’s, Presi-dent Clinton’s, and President George W. Bush’s judicial nominations in the eighth year of their terms, and many other Presidents were treated the same way. The Republican leader is on the record advocating for the confirmation of judicial nominees in a President’s last year in office. This is what the Re-publican leader said in July of 2008: ‘‘Even with lameduck Presidents, there is a historical standard of fairness as to confirming judicial nominees, espe-cially circuit court nominees.’’ Those are the Republican leader’s own words. Yet now he refuses to extend that ‘‘his-torical standard of fairness’’ to Presi-dent Obama’s nominees. Why are Re-publicans changing the rules for Presi-dent Obama’s nominees? Given that the chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee refused to attend to the judiciary, how is the Republican Committee spending its time? We know Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s committee is re-fusing to consider President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Chief Judge Merrick Garland. We know Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s committee is refusing to adequately report district and circuit court nominees. This much is clear: The Republican Judiciary Committee is not doing its job. Instead, the senior Senator from Iowa is taking his marching orders from the Republican leader and has in-stituted a blockade of judicial nomina-tions at every level. The once proud and powerful Judiciary Committee, es-tablished hundreds of years ago, has become a mere shadow of its former self. He has turned the once powerful and independent Judiciary Committee into an extension of the Republican leader’s office. This is the same gridlock the Repub-lican leader has imposed upon the Sen-ate for the last 8 years. Since his party assumed the majority in the Senate last January, the Republican leader’s carefully orchestrated obstruction of judicial nominations has accelerated to historical levels and judicial emer-gencies have tripled. My friend—we have served together in the Senate for decades—can come to the floor all the time to speak about the success of the Senate. No matter how many times you say a falsehood, it is still false. Senator MCCONNELL once declared himself the ‘‘proud guardian of grid-lock.’’ Senator G
RASSLEY has become his most willing disciple. It is dis-appointing that the senior Senator from Iowa has surrendered his com-mittee to the Republican leader. The lack of progress on judges should alarm Members of the Senate—even Republican Senators. Take, for exam-ple, the nomination of a man by the name of Waverly Crenshaw, who was recommended by Senators A
LEXANDER  and C
ORKER to be a district judge in the Middle District of Tennessee. Mr. Crenshaw is a superb nominee who has broken barriers all of his life. He is cur-rently a partner at a well-renowned law firm in Nashville where he became the first African-American partner in 1990. The senior Senator from Ten-nessee said that Mr. Crenshaw would be ‘‘an excellent federal district judge.’’ I agree. He was reported out of the Judi-ciary Committee unanimously in July of 2015—almost 10 months ago. The vacancy in the Middle District of Tennessee is a judicial emergency, meaning there are more cases than the judges on the court can handle. The junior Senator from Tennessee said: ‘‘I know there is a tremendous load of work in the Nashville office that needs to get done, and we’ve talked a great deal with the other judges there and know this position needs to be con-firmed.’’ Last month, the Senators from Mary-land asked to bring the Crenshaw nom-ination to a vote, but the assistant Re-publican leader objected. Both Sen-ators brought this forward. The objec-tion was the same. The senior Senator from Texas said it will lead to ‘‘chaos’’ to schedule a vote on Mr. Crenshaw. Chaos is exactly what the Repub-licans are bringing to the judiciary. From the Supreme Court, to the cir-cuit courts, to the district courts, our entire judicial branch of government is under siege by this Republican Senate. After they have crippled the judiciary, the Republican leader and Chairman G
RASSLEY want to hand it over to Don-ald Trump. That would be disastrous. That is not what the American people want. They want Republicans to do their constitutional duty and give these judges due consideration. That is not asking too much. So I say to the chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee: Stop blocking these nominees. Do what other Judiciary chairs have done for 200 years and move the process forward. These nomi-nations are important. Or, put simply, do your job. This—a historic slowdown of judicial confirmations—isn’t your job, and it is not what the people of Iowa sent you here to do, as indicated by the Des Moines Register: ‘‘Grassley leads slowdown of judicial confirma-tions.’’ Mr. President, I see no one here wanting to speak. Would the Chair an-nounce the business for the rest of the day. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 5 minutes each. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. JOSEPH MEDICINE CROW Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, yester-day Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow passed away after a long life at the age of 102. Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow leaves an un-matched legacy as the Crow Tribe’s historian and storyteller, a decorated World War II veteran, and the first member of the Crow Tribe to ever ob-tain a master’s degree. Medicine Crow lived a life filled with numerous accomplishments. He en-listed in the U.S. Army and joined the 103rd Infantry Division. As a proud member of the Crow Tribe, he never went into battle without his war paint beneath his uniform and a sacred Eagle feather beneath his helmet. In fact, during World War II he achieved the war deeds to be declared chief. In 2006 his personal memoir, ‘‘Counting Coup’’ was published by National Geographic. When he earned the Medal of Freedom in 2009, our Nation’s highest civilian honor, the White House identified him as both ‘‘a warrior and a living leg-end.’’ He is considered one of the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04AP6.003 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1624 April 4, 2016 
celebrated Native American soldiers due to his selfless service in World War II. Medicine Crow’s spirit, his humility, and his life achievements leave a last-ing imprint on Montana’s history. I personally will never forget the time I got to shake his hand and greet him and thank him for his service to our country. I wish to express my deepest condo-lences to Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow’s family and all of the Crow Nation. 
f 
REMEMBERING RUSS RITTER Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to speak about Russ Ritter. This past week longtime Helena mayor and dedicated public servant Russ Ritter passed away at the age of 83. Russ was one of those guys who real-ly made a notable difference in Mon-tana, especially in our State capital of Helena. He was a true inspiration for Montanans seeking public office, and he was the first person to inspire oth-ers to run for mayor, including our cur-rent mayor, Jim Smith. Russ was instrumental in the con-struction of a 10-mile water treatment plant. That was a big-ticket expendi-ture on the part of the city, and all bonds are now paid off and the plant is up and running. I might suggest that Washington, DC, could take a few les-sons from Russ Ritter. During Russ’s time, Helena transformed the solid waste system, and he also helped auto-mate the system. He provided true management of the city and improved it for generations to come by helping prevent the spread of diseases and cre-ating a healthier Helena. Russ also had a soft spot in his heart for the USS Helena, the nuclear pow-ered submarine. He went to the chris-tening of the launch in 1986 and spent 9 days on the USS Helena underwater. Another great story about Russ was reported recently in the Helena Inde-pendent Record: 
Russ met President Ronald Reagan in Bil-lings on August 11, 1982. But this meeting, one for which their father had planned and prepared his remarks, the children said, did not go as envisioned. Russ greeted the Presi-dent by saying, ‘‘Hello, mister mayor, I’m the President of Helena,’’ to which Reagan responded, ‘‘No, I think you’ve got that wrong,’’ Mike said. ‘‘This left their father a bit flustered,’’ Mike continued, adding that Russ made his living talking to people and always knew the right thing to say. 
On behalf of Montanans and the peo-ple of Helena, we thank Russ for his selfless service and will never forget his legacy on the history of our State. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. MADE-IN-MONTANA ENERGY Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, made-in- Montana energy means good Montana jobs that on average pay two to three times more than the State average. In fact, Montana’s ability to create more good-paying energy jobs is immense. Our State leads the Nation in recover-able coal deposits. We are the Nation’s fifth largest producer of hydropower, with 23 hydroelectric dams across the State, and we are fifth in wind energy potential. In fact, Montana was center stage in the national energy debate and pro-vides our Nation a template of a true ‘‘all of the above’’ energy portfolio. We have coal, natural gas, oil, as well as renewables such as hydro, wind, bio-mass, and solar opportunities. What makes our State most valuable are the people who make our energy systems work—towns such as Colstrip, MT, that build communities around livelihoods that are reliant on good- paying energy jobs. That is the good news. Here is the bad news: Montana en-ergy jobs are under assault. Over the past 2 weeks, I heard from Montanans about the future and importance of made-in-Montana energy and made-in- Montana good-paying jobs. During my week-long tour across our State, I once again saw our vast natural resources and our true energy potential, whether it was touring a wind farm near Baker, MT, on the far eastern side of our State, or seeing the hydropower facil-ity at Helena’s Hauser Dam, or hosting a townhall at Colstrip. I was hearing directly from the community about the devastating impacts that President Obama’s anti-coal regulations will have on hard-working Montanans. My statewide energy tour culminated this past week at Montana Energy 2016, where over 600 people gathered in Bil-lings, MT, for a Montana family con-versation about our State’s energy fu-ture. During that 21⁄2-day summit, we heard a consistent and powerful mes-sage about the need to maximize our opportunity for growth and expand made-in-Montana energy and the good- paying jobs it supports. Montanans are leading American en-ergy innovation; for example, Mon-tanans such as Chrystal Cuniff, a Mon-tana tech engineer from Choteau, who helped drill the deepest well in the Gulf of Mexico, or Ryan Lance, a Montana native, a graduate of Montana Tech, who is leading one of the largest oil and gas companies in the world, or Ashley Dennehey from Colstrip, who highlighted how the boilermakers, op-erators, and other hard-working labor groups in her community are working hard to keep the lights on in the face of adversity. We must continue investing in our 2- year colleges that provide training in trades such as welding and heavy ma-chine operations so we can keep our kids in Montana with good, high-pay-ing energy jobs. In fact, Business In-sider released a map that shows how hard these times are for millenials, highlighting their median income across the United States. Montana ranked 50th, dead last, at a median in-come of $18,000 a year for millenials. We cannot forget that Montana coal provides tax revenues of $145 million a year which supports our teachers and our schools. Montana should lead the world in developing clean coal tech-nology. We must continue to develop renewable technologies that will store the power created by wind. The bottom line is, we should not allow Washington, DC, and the Obama administration to dictate and regulate coal and gas out of existence. We need more made-in-Montana energy, not more made-in-the-Middle-East energy. Make no mistake, President Obama’s Environmental Protection Agency and their regulations are killing Montana energy. Our country’s future is very bright if we could unleash the power of innova-tion and rein in the overregulation of Washington, DC. I couldn’t agree more with what Darrin Old Coyote, chair-man of the Crow Nation tribes, said in his keynote address at Montana En-ergy 2016 in Billings just last Thursday. He said this: ‘‘All of Montana citizens need to work together for a better to-morrow: renewable energy, fossil en-ergy, conventional energy, Indian or non-Indian, regardless of political af-filiation, whether we are Democrats, Republicans or Independents.’’ Montanans can find better solutions than Washington, DC, bureaucrats. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 15 min-utes in morning business. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
INSPECTOR GENERAL EMPOWERMENT ACT Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, this body was last in session during Sun-shine Week, but the principle of gov-ernment transparency is one that does not expire. So I would like to take a few moments now to reiterate my sup-port for that timeless principle. Open government is good govern-ment. And Americans have a right to a government that is accountable to its people. In 1978, following the lessons learned from the Watergate scandal, Congress created Inspectors General— or IGs—to be our eyes and ears within the executive branch. These inde-pendent watchdogs are designed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04AP6.005 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1625 April 4, 2016 
keep Congress and the public informed about waste, fraud, and abuse in gov-ernment. But they also help agency leaders identify problems and ineffi-ciencies that they may not be aware of. So IGs are critical to good governance and to the rule of law. But in order for these watchdogs to do their jobs, IGs need access to agency records. That is why the law authorizes IGs to access ‘‘all’’ records of the agen-cy that they’re charged with over-seeing. However, since 2010, more and more agencies have refused to comply with this legal obligation. This ob-struction has slowed down far too many important investigations—rang-ing from sexual assaults in the Peace Corps to the FBI’s exercise of anti-ter-rorism authorities under the PATRIOT Act. Last July, the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel aided and abet-ted the obstruction by issuing a memo defending it. That memo has given cover to other agencies to follow the FBI’s lead and withhold records from their IGs. According to OLC’s 66-page opinion, Congress didn’t really mean to give IGs access to ‘‘all records’’—even though that is literally what we spelled out in the law. Think about that for a second. One unelected bureaucrat in the Jus-tice Department thinks he can over-turn the will of 535 elected officials in Congress and the President who signed the bill into law. That is unacceptable, and Americans are tired of stunts like this that undermine democracy and the rule of law, and make a mockery of government transparency. The public deserves robust scrutiny of the federal government. So, since September, a bipartisan group of Sen-ators and I have been working to over-turn the OLC opinion through S. 579, the Inspector General Empowerment Act. Among other things, this bill in-cludes further clarification that Con-gress intended IGs to access all agency records, notwithstanding any other provision of law, unless other laws spe-cifically state that IGs are not to re-ceive such access. We attempted to pass this bill by unanimous consent in September. Since then, the cosponsors and I have worked hard in good faith to accommo-date the concerns of any and all Sen-ators willing to work with us. As a re-sult, this bill now has a total of 17 co-sponsors, including 7 of my esteemed Democratic colleagues: Senators M
CCASKILL , CARPER , MIKULSKI , WYDEN , B
ALDWIN , MANCHIN , and P ETERS . I want to thank each and every one of them for standing up with me for Inspectors General and for the principles of good governance. In December, we attempted to pass this bipartisan bill by unanimous con-sent. The bill cleared the Republican side with no objection, but the bill was objected to on the Democratic side. So, let’s do the math. None of the 54 Republican Senators objected. There are seven Democrat cosponsors. That is at least 61 votes—at least. If this bill came up for a vote, it would certainly pass easily. It was developed hand-in- hand over many months with both Democrats and Republicans in the House of Representatives, which is ready to move an identical bill as soon as we act here in the Senate. So, on December 15, Senators MCCAS-
KILL, JOHNSON , and I attempted to pass this bill by a process known as a live unanimous consent. Our goal was to pass the bill right then and there, and we could have, had a Senator not ob-jected. However, the minority leader, Senator R
EIDstood up and objected. The minority leader obstructed a bill sponsored by seven Senators of his own party. Senator R
EIDrefused to give any reason for obstructing this bipartisan bill, both at that time and later when questioned by reporters. All he would say publicly was that a Senator on his side of the aisle had concerns. Apparently, Senator R
EIDis now tell-ing the press that his concerns relate to provisions of the bill that give IGs the power to subpoena testimony from former federal employees. In a mo-ment, I will explain why this authority is absolutely vital to the ability of IGs to conduct effective investigations. But before I do that, I want to make one thing crystal clear. My bipartisan cosponsors and I have been working in good faith to address these concerns for 5 months—since November 2015. In those 5 months, we have offered at least half a dozen accommodations that would limit the subpoena author-ity in question. So we have offered rea-sonable compromises, but the one or two Senators who object to this provi-sion appear to be demanding it be re-moved from the bill entirely. Let me tell you why we cannot do that. When employees of the U.S. gov-ernment are accused of wrongdoing or misconduct, IGs should be able to con-duct a full and thorough investigation of those allegations. Getting to the bottom of these allegations is nec-essary to restore the public trust. Un-fortunately, employees who may have violated that trust are often allowed to evade the IG’s inquiry, by simply retir-ing from the government. So the bill empowers IGs to obtain testimony from employees like this. Similarly, the bill helps IGs better expose waste, fraud, and abuse by those who receive Federal funds. It enables IGs to require testimony from govern-ment contractors and subcontractors and grantees and sub-grantees. Cur-rently, most IGs can subpoena docu-ments from entities from outside their agency. However, most cannot sub-poena testimony, although a few can. For example, the Inspectors General for the Defense Department and the Department of Health and Human Services already have this authority. The ability to require witnesses out-side the agency to talk to the IG can be critical in carrying out an inspector general’s statutory duties or recov-ering wasted federal funds. But I want to be clear: the bill also imposes limi-tations on the authority of IGs to re-quire testimony. There are several procedural protec-tions in place to ensure that this au-thority is exercised wisely. For exam-ple, the subpoena must first be ap-proved by a majority of a designated panel of three other IGs. It is then re-ferred to the Attorney General. For those IGs that can already subpoena witness testimony, I am not aware of any instance in which it has been mis-used. In fact, the Inspector General for the Department of Defense has established a policy that spells out additional pro-cedures and safeguards to ensure that subjects of subpoenas are treated fair-ly. I am confident that the rest of the IG community will be just as scru-pulous in providing appropriate protec-tions for the use of this authority as well. You see, we all win when IGs can do their jobs. And most importantly, the public is better served when IGs are able to shine light into government op-erations and stewardship of taxpayer dollars. This is a common sense, bipartisan bill that should have passed by unani-mous consent. It overturns an OLC opinion that has been roundly criti-cized by nearly everyone who has read it. For example, the New York Times editorial board recently urged us to pass this bill so that we can allow IGs to do their jobs. But Senator R
EIDis standing in the way of the Senate doing its job. The Washington Post editorial board and the Project on Government Over-sight have also called on us to fix this IG access problem. At a Judiciary Com-mittee hearing in August, Senator L
EAHY said that this access problem is ‘‘blocking what was once a free flow of information.’’ Senator L
EAHY also called for a permanent legislative solu-tion. Even the Justice Department witness at that hearing disagreed with the re-sults of the OLC opinion and supported legislative action to solve the problem. But, to all of that, Senator R
EIDsaid ‘‘no.’’ Make no mistake: by blocking this bipartisan, good-government bill, Sen-ator R
EIDis muzzling watchdogs, and the public is being robbed of their right to an accountable government. What is it about independent Inspector General oversight that the minority leader is afraid of? Remember, the public is bet-ter served when IGs are able to shine light into government operations and stewardship of taxpayer dollars. And the public is beginning to take notice of Senator R
EID’Sobstruction. Just last week, the Las Vegas Review- Journal—which is the largest circu-lating daily newspaper in the minority leader’s home State—published an arti-cle discussing his obstruction. Let me just take a moment to read a quote from this article: 
U.S. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada received a government watchdog 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.003 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1626 April 4, 2016 
group’s dubious honor...  for blocking a bill to back inspectors general in their battles against waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanage-ment and refusing to provide a full expla-nation on why he did so. 
Then, just over this weekend, the edi-torial board of this same newspaper wrote an opinion piece entitled, ‘‘Let the sun shine in.’’ Let me just read an excerpt from this article: 
Because Sen. Grassley’s bill has attracted bipartisan support, and because Republicans and Democrats jointly have objected to ef-forts to thwart IGs from doing their jobs, we’re confident that compromise is possible....  W e  urge Sens. Reid and Grass-ley to work together to pass this important legislation as quickly as possible. 
As I mentioned earlier, the bipar-tisan group of cosponsors and I have al-ready offered half a dozen accommoda-tions to address the concerns related to the subpoena authority provision. All of those offers are still on the table, and we stand ready to work with Sen-ator R
EIDand the other Senator to get this bill done; in a way that improves IG access to both documents and wit-ness testimony. Remember, the Inspector General Act was passed in 1978, following one of the worst political scandals in Amer-ican history. Today, at least 61 Sen-ators, the Las Vegas Review-Journal, the New York Times, the Washington Post, and good governance groups like POGO and Citizens Against Govern-ment Waste, all support restoring the intent of that act—through S. 579. This bill would redeem the free flow of in-formation that Senator L
EAHY advo-cated in August. And every day that goes by without overturning the OLC opinion is another day that watchdogs across the government can be stonewalled. Let me be clear. Only one Senator is publicly standing in the way of fixing this problem. Who is the obstructionist here? Who is not doing their job? We need to find a way to get this bill done. Especially now, we need to focus on the things we can agree on. When there is something with this much bipartisan support, it should be a no-brainer. One or two Senators should not be allowed to stand in the way. I urge my colleagues to work with me to get S. 579 passed so that IGs can resume doing the work that we asked them to do in 1978. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Minnesota. 
f 
DEFEND TRADE SECRETS BILL Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the Defend Trade Secrets Act, which is be-fore us today. I thank Senators H
ATCH  and C
OONS for their important work on this bill and Chairman G
RASSLEY and Ranking Member L
EAHY for their lead-ership as well. Stolen trade secrets cost American companies—and thus their workers— billions of dollars each year and threat-en their ability to innovate and com-pete globally. This bill will help pro-tect vital intellectual property, and I am pleased to be a cosponsor. Trade secrets are the lifeblood of so many businesses in American. Stealing those ideas can wipe out years of re-search by employees and development and cost millions of dollars in losses because competitors—those that steal the secrets—reap the benefits of inno-vation without putting in any of the work. Although measuring the total cost of trade secret theft is difficult, one study using multiple approaches estimates the yearly cost at 1 to 3 per-cent of the U.S. gross domestic prod-uct. Today, as much as 80 percent of com-panies’ assets are intangible, the ma-jority of them in the form of trade se-crets. This includes everything from fi-nancial, business, scientific, technical, economic, and engineering information to formulas, designs, prototypes, proc-esses, procedures, and computer code. Trade secret theft poses a particular risk for my home State of Minnesota, which has a strong tradition of innova-tion and bringing technological ad-vances to the marketplace. Our compa-nies have brought the world everything from the pacemaker to the Post-it Notes. Protecting their intellectual property is critical to their economic success, critical to our businesses, and, most importantly, critical to the work-ers and employees who make their liv-ing in American businesses. Here are some examples of what we are talking about and the costs when trade secret thefts occur. In 2011 a former employee of the Min-nesota agricultural company Cargill stole trade secrets of Cargill and Dow Chemical regarding a product and gave them to a Chinese university. The two companies suffered combined losses of over $7 million. Fortunately, the former employee was caught, con-victed, and received 87 months in pris-on—the strongest sentence possible. But look at the loss that occurred—$7 million. That same year, an employee of a Minnesota paint company, Valspar, tried to steal $20 million worth of chemical formulas to give to a Chinese company in exchange for a high-rank-ing job. That really happened. The au-thorities caught him before he com-pleted his theft, and he received a sen-tence of 15 months in jail. But too many thefts go unprosecuted, and the costs go beyond simply dollars and cents. Medical de-vice makers Medtronic and Boston Sci-entific hope to bring advanced care to patients in China. These companies would like to do even more but fear they won’t be able to protect sensitive proprietary technology, and that holds them back. Stronger protection of trade secrets will benefit consumers across the world as well as trade secret owners. In 1996 Congress enacted the Eco-nomic Espionage Act, which made eco-nomic espionage and trade secret theft a Federal crime. Nearly 20 years later, the threat of trade secret theft has grown. Thumb drives and the cloud have replaced file cabinets for storage information, making stealing a trade secret as easy as clicking a button or touching a screen. Trade secret theft threatens not just businesses but jobs and, certainly, innovation. Protecting the intellectual property of American businesses needs 21st cen-tury solutions. The Defend Trade Se-crets Act demonstrates our commit-ment at the Federal level to protect all forms of a business’s intellectual prop-erty. This balanced bill gives compa-nies two more tools to effectively pro-tect their trade secrets. First, a party can seek an ex parte court order to seize stolen trade secrets to prevent their destruction or dissemi-nation. To prevent abuse, the require-ments to obtain an order are rigorous, access to the seized material is limited, and it is only available in what are considered ‘‘extraordinary cir-cumstances.’’ Second, the bill creates a Federal pri-vate right of action for trade secret theft. Companies will be able to rely on a national standard to efficiently pro-tect their intellectual property. Securing the trade secrets of Amer-ican businesses and their employees is a serious issue and needs to be ad-dressed, and I urge my colleagues to support the Defend Trade Secrets Act. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. f 
DEFEND TRADE SECRETS BILL Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, later this evening, the Senate will vote on the Defend Trade Secrets Act, a bill that will enable U.S. businesses to protect their trade secrets in Federal court. Senator C
HRIS COONS and I have been working on this legislation in a bipar-tisan way for nearly 2 years, so it is really satisfying to see the Senate poised to vote on this important bill. To date, the legislation has 65 bipar-tisan cosponsors, including the distin-guished Senate Judiciary Committee chairman, C
HUCK GRASSLEY , and rank-ing member, the distinguished Senator P
ATLEAHY . I appreciate their support for this bill. I also commend our House col-leagues, Representatives D
OUGCOLLINS  and J
ERROLD NADLER , for their tireless efforts—and others over there as well. They have been invaluable partners in advancing this legislation in the House of Representatives. Working under the capable leadership of my dear friend, House Judiciary Committee Chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.004 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1627 April 4, 2016 
BOBGOODLATTE , we have come to-gether to right an inequity facing U.S. businesses by creating a civil remedy for trade secret misappropriation. Trade secrets—such as customer lists, formulas, algorithms, software codes, unique designs, industrial tech-niques, and manufacturing processes— are an essential form of intellectual property. Other forms of intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, and trademarks, are covered by Fed-eral civil law. Trade secrets, by con-trast, are the only form of U.S. intel-lectual property where the owner does not have access to a Federal civil rem-edy for misuse or misappropriation. As a result, billions of dollars each year are lost to trade secret theft, which sti-fles innovation by deterring companies from investing in research and develop-ment. Currently, the only Federal vehicle for trade secret protection is the 1996 Economic Espionage Act, which makes trade secret theft by foreign nationals a criminal offense. But this remedy criminalizes only a small subset of trade secret theft and relies on the thinly stretched resources of the De-partment of Justice to investigate and prosecute such offenses. One experienced trade secret practi-tioner told me recently that the Jus-tice Department typically only con-siders prosecuting cases with more than $100,000 in damages. This is be-cause trade secret investigations and prosecutions are more resource inten-sive and complex than most other Fed-eral crimes, requiring a deep techno-logical and scientific background. Given these constraints, the Justice Department and the FBI are reluctant to commit scarce resources to inves-tigate and prosecute a single matter, especially when the same effort could result in the prosecution and convic-tion of other Federal crimes. Therefore, it is not surprising that in the 20 years since the Economic Espio-nage Act became law, Federal prosecu-tors have charged only about 300 de-fendants for economic espionage or trade secret theft. And because these cases frequently involve multiple de-fendants, this equates to an average of about 10 prosecutions annually. Clear-ly, current Federal law is inadequate in resolving the many challenges our businesses face in today’s innovation economy. State laws have proven inadequate to protect victims of trade secret theft. Since most businesses today operate across one or more State lines, having a uniform set of standards that defines legal protections for trade secrets is crucial. That was the rationale behind creating the Uniform Trade Secrets Act, which sought to achieve nation-wide uniformity in trade secret law. But over time, most States have adopt-ed their own trade secret laws. In fact, State laws today are perhaps even more variable in their treatment of trade secrets than they were at the time the Uniform Trade Secrets Act was proposed in 1979. This next mixed bag of differing legal regimes forces victims of trade secret theft to wade through a quagmire of procedural hur-dles in order to recover their losses. For example, if an attorney needs testimony from a witness in another State, she must first apply to her local court, asking that it request the other State to issue its own subpoena for the document or deposition. This process can take weeks, which is an eternity in a trade secret case. Under a uniform Federal standard, the process would be far more efficient. That is because all Federal courts apply the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, allowing attorneys to obtain documents and testimony from a witness in another State with-out having to apply to that State’s court system. Essentially, enabling businesses to protect their trade se-crets in Federal court removes an un-necessary and time-consuming layer of bureaucracy. Streamlining access to remedies is critical in trade secret cases where an expedited judicial process may be nec-essary to deal with thieves who pose a flight risk. Unfortunately, once a com-pany’s intellectual property is leaked and the information is made public, the trade secret loses its legal protection. Put simply, State law is designed for intrastate litigation and offers limited practical recourse to victims of inter-state trade secret theft—the contrast between intrastate and interstate. Maintaining the status quo is woefully insufficient to safeguard against mis-appropriation. U.S. companies must be able to protect their trade secrets in Federal court. The Defend Trade Secrets Act will do precisely that by providing trade secret owners access to both a uniform na-tional law and the ability to make their case in Federal courts. Likewise, the bill allows victims of trade secret theft to obtain a seizure order in ex-traordinary circumstances. This type of order would allow misappropriated property to be seized so that it isn’t abused during the pendency of litiga-tion. To ensure that companies do not use the seizure authority for anti-com-petitive purposes, this legislation re-quires those seeking redress to make a rigorous showing that they own the trade secret, that the trade secret was stolen, and that third parties would not be harmed if an ex parte order were granted. The bill also allows for em-ployees to move from one job to an-other without fear of being wrongfully charged with trade secret theft. In addition to the overwhelming bi-partisan support among my Senate col-leagues, more than 50 companies and associations have endorsed the Defend Trade Secrets Act. Leaders in the tech-nology, life sciences, manufacturing, energy, automotive, agricultural, and telecommunications sectors support this bill, among others. Many letters and opinion pieces have been written in support of the bill. Let me briefly share some of the comments from our Nation’s business leaders. In an op-ed published in The Hill, Aric Newhouse from the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers states, ‘‘The [Defend Trade Secrets Act] encourages investment in cutting-edge research and development and will have an im-mediate, positive impact on our inno-vative sector, ultimately creating jobs and opportunity in manufacturing in the United States.’’ In a piece published by the Wash-ington Times, David Hirschmann from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce writes, ‘‘The Defend Trade Secrets Act creates a federal civil cause of action that cur-rently does not exist. Creating a new federal civil cause of action will help industry help itself.’’ In an op-ed in the Washington Exam-iner, Mark Lauroesch from the Intel-lectual Property Owners Association writes, ‘‘Every day without this law, our companies are losing millions of dollars to trade secret theft.’’ Victoria Espinel from the BSA Soft-ware Alliance writes in the Huffington Post, ‘‘The Defend Trade Secrets Act would provide that important, missing remedy, and help usher in the har-monized system that will benefit not only software innovation but our en-tire American economy.’’ Guy Blalock from Utah’s IM Flash writes in the Salt Lake Tribune, ‘‘En-acting the bill will have an immediate, positive impact on innovative compa-nies that create jobs in this country.’’ In a joint op-ed published in the Salt Lake Tribune, Rich Nelson from the Utah Technology Council and Lane Beattie from the Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce write that the Defend Trade Secrets Act ‘‘equips business owners with the tools they need to combat trade secret theft.’’ Finally, Eli Lilly’s Michael Har-rington and Microsoft’s Erich Andersen in an op-ed published in Forbes write, ‘‘This thoughtful and carefully consid-ered legislation will adapt America’s trade secret regime to reflect 21st Cen-tury realities and will strengthen this critical form of intellectual property.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the op-eds from which I have quoted fol-lowing my remarks. Throughout my 40 years of service, I have been a part of almost every sig-nificant intellectual property initia-tive that has come before the Senate— from the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which sought to streamline our copyright system for the digital era, to the America Invents Act, which over-hauled our patent system to help en-sure American innovators’ property rights are adequately protected in the 21st century. Legislating in the area of intellec-tual property requires patience and perseverance. The bill on which we are voting tonight has been 2 years in the making. Initially, providing a Federal standard and civil remedies for trade secrets had little support. It took much effort not only to identify the precise nature of the problem—a problem that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04AP6.013 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1628 April 4, 2016 
amounts to hundreds of billions of dol-lars in economic loss for U.S. compa-nies annually—but also to develop a so-lution that could garner the support of virtually all stakeholders. This re-quired soliciting input from a broad range of interests and working closely with dozens of trade associations, af-fected businesses, and policymakers on both sides of the aisle. The final version of the legislation that the Sen-ate will pass later this evening reflects input and additions from a broad coali-tion of interested parties. It also reflects a number of instances where a careful balance had to be struck between competing interests. As has been true of several recent intellec-tual property efforts, the interests of the technology sector and the pharma-ceutical industry are not always aligned. The same was true when it came to trade secrets. Yet we worked hard to develop a solution that could meet the needs of both. This balance is perhaps best exemplified by the joint op-ed I mentioned a moment ago, coau-thored by the general counsel of one of America’s leading pharmaceutical companies and a senior executive from one of America’s prominent tech com-panies. As chairman of the Senate Repub-lican High-Tech Task Force and co-author of the Hatch-Waxman Act, I know how critical it is to strike the right balance such that both high-tech and life science industries can support a bill. We have struck that balance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act. Not only will we succeed in defending the trade secrets of American busi-nesses, I hope the passage of the bill will serve as a springboard to spur con-gressional action in other areas of in-tellectual property, including patent litigation reforms. I commend in par-ticular House Judiciary Committee Chairman B
OBGOODLATTE for his steadfast work in this regard, and I stand ready to do everything in my power to help him in this endeavor. Tonight’s passage of fundamental trade secret law reform would be a sig-nificant achievement at any time, let alone in the challenging partisan envi-ronment we face today. Indeed, today’s Senate vote is not only a watershed moment for the intellectual property and business communities; it is also an example of what Congress can accom-plish when we put our party politics aside and focus on areas of agreement. Throughout my Senate service, I have always sought, whenever possible, to seek common ground in order to ad-vance public policy priorities that will benefit the American people and the American economy. With this bill, we have done just that. I want to thank Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL for leading the Senate in such a way to make con-structive bipartisan legislating pos-sible. I appreciate his support for this legislation and his willingness to de-vote valuable floor time to help ensure its passage. Tonight we will add the Defend Trade Secrets Act to a long list of legislation the Senate has passed in the last 15 months since the senior Senator from Kentucky assumed lead-ership of the U.S. Senate. This is yet another example that the Senate is back to work for the American people. I also want to take this moment to thank the staff members who have been instrumental in getting us to this point. Let me start by thanking my senior judiciary counsel, Matt Sandgren, whose relentless determina-tion helped make tonight a reality. I also thank my chief of staff, Rob Por-ter, for his unmatchable leadership in shepherding this bill forward. To-gether, Matt and Rob have been an in-vincible team, working hand in glove throughout this process. I personally appreciate their excellent work. I also recognize my superb press team for their efforts, J.P. Freire, Matt Whitlock, and Sam Lyman. I am also appreciative of my dedicated law clerks, Ryan Karr and Jaclyn D’Esposito. I also acknowledge the important contributions of Senator COONS ’ cur-rent and former staff: Ted Schroeder, Andrew Crawford, Erica Songer, and Jonathan Stahler. There are also several staff on the Senate Judiciary Committee who have been instrumental in helping with this key intellectual property bill: Rita Lari Jochum, Jonathan Nabavi, Alex-andra Givens, Danielle Cutrona, Eric Haren, Lee Holmes, Lartease Tiffith, Gary Barnett, Daniel Swanson, Ray Starling, Ethan Arenson, Chad Rhoades, and Sam Simon. I also acknowledge the following House staff for their hard work and commitment to this bill: Shelley Hus-band, Branden Ritchie, Jennifer Choudhry, Sally Larson, Jason Ever-ett, and David Greengrass. Finally, I thank the many staff mem-bers from majority leader M
ITCH M
CCONNELL and minority leader H ARRY  R
EIDwho helped to make this bill’s passage a reality. I wish to especially thank Laura Dove, Sharon Soderstrom, Hazen Marshall, John Abegg, Chris Tuck, and Ayesha Khanna. Enacting meaningful public policy reform in the midst of a contentious Presidential election is something to celebrate. In very real ways, this bill will help strengthen our economy and allow businesses to grow and create ad-ditional jobs for hard-working Ameri-cans. I hope my colleagues will join me in safeguarding American ingenuity by voting for the Defend Trade Secrets Act. They will not be sorry by doing that. I understand Senator C
OONS is here, and I want to recognize him and all the work he has done with me on this bill. He is a wonderful partner on the Judi-ciary Committee, and I personally ap-preciate him very much. With that, I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From The Hill, Mar. 10, 2016] US M
ANUFACTURERS TO CONGRESS : KEEPUS C
OMPETITIVE , PASSTRADE SECRETS LEGIS-
LATION  (By Aric Newhouse) Trade secrets, an essential form of intel-lectual property, are among the most valued business assets for manufacturers. They can include everything from the special recipe for a food or beverage to the formula for a chemical or pharmaceutical. This propri-etary information powers the innovation on a shop floor, which drives job creation at fa-cilities in communities across our country. Trade secrets can comprise as much as 80 percent of the value of a company’s knowl-edge portfolio, and according to one esti-mate, theft costs businesses in this country some $250 billion a year. The current system desperately needs to be updated to provide the owners of trade secrets the ability to pursue intellectual property thieves aggres-sively and efficiently, in full cooperation with the federal government. While patent, copyright and trademark owners can protect their rights in federal court, trade secret owners must instead rely on an array of state law remedies that were designed with small-scale, intrastate theft in mind. Although those laws may be sufficient and appropriate when, for example, an em-ployee takes a former employer’s customer list to a competitor down the street, they are ill-suited for the fast-moving, multijuris-dictional cases in today’s global economy. Fortunately, there is important, bipartisan legislation that would fill this gap and assist manufacturers in pursuing trade secret thieves and protecting intellectual property. The Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (DTSA)—a bipartisan, bicameral bill led by Sens. Orrin Hatch (R–Utah) and Chris Coons (D–Del.) and Reps. Doug Collins (R–Ga.) and Jerrold Nadler (D–N.Y.)—creates a federal civil cause of action for trade secret mis-appropriation to unify trade secrets law na-tionwide. The bill would also offer trade se-crets owners the same legal options as own-ers of other forms of intellectual property. The National Association of Manufacturers has long supported a federal civil remedy for trade secret theft and urges passage of DTSA. The consensus-oriented approach of the legislation has drawn strong support from all industry groups and manufacturing subsectors, including biotech, pharma-ceutical, medical device, automotive, agri-culture and beyond. Trade secrets are vital to the competitive-ness of companies throughout our economy, and the threat to these innovations is be-coming more serious and more complex. By creating a strong, uniform body of trade se-crets law nationwide, the DTSA ensures that our laws keep pace. Congress should move quickly to pass this important legislation because strong trade secrets protection is critical to the Amer-ican economy and to manufacturers’ com-petitive advantage in the global economy. The DTSA encourages investment in cut-ting-edge research and development and will have an immediate, positive impact on our innovative sector, ultimately creating jobs and opportunity in manufacturing in the United States. 
[From the Washington Times, Mar. 17, 2016] P
ROTECTING AMERICAN INTELLECTUAL  P
ROPERTY  (By David Hirschmann) American innovation has brought con-sumers across the globe many of the cutting edge products and technologies that have, quite literally, changed the world. From life- saving medicines to computer software to in-credibly efficient ways to generate energy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04AP6.014 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1629 April 4, 2016 
American companies are at the forefront of the ‘‘innovation economy’’ and the creators of millions of domestic jobs. But our position as a global leader in inno-vation is under attack. Individuals, organiza-tions and even some countries, want to take shortcuts and gain a competitive edge by stealing our ideas and manufacturing know- how—the ‘‘secret-sauce’’ that separates American industry from those who seek to duplicate our success. This theft of Amer-ica’s trade secrets is a growing—and increas-ingly alarming—threat to our economic se-curity. What separates a Coca-Cola from a store- brand counterpart is its secret formula, and Kentucky Fried Chicken relies on its unique blend of 11 herbs and spices to distinguish itself in the market. Both are examples of trade secrets. But trade secrets are also used to des-ignate propriety manufacturing processes or highly technical algorithms for biologic for-mulas that may one day be eligible for pat-ent protections. This form of intellectual property (IP) encompasses a wide range of information and processes across virtually every industry sector and among companies large and small. Trade secrets are often the crown-jewels of a small, innovative start-up that has neither the expertise nor budget to seek patent pro-tection because their limited capital is spent developing the next big idea and putting peo-ple to work building the next must-have product. The Defend Trade Secrets Act currently under consideration in Congress would give American companies another tool to fight trade secrets theft. This is a rare piece of legislation with broad and diverse support. Introduced by Sens. Orrin Hatch, Utah Republican and Chris Coons, Delaware Democrat, and Reps. Chris Collins, New York Republican and Jerrold Nadler, New York Democrat this is a truly bipartisan and bicameral bill. Cur-rently, the bill enjoys the support of 62 sen-ators and 127 representatives, along with thousands of companies, industry associa-tions, and think tanks. As well stated by White House Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator Daniel Marti, ‘‘Trade secret theft is a serious and pervasive problem that threatens the eco-nomic health and competitiveness of this country. The Administration is committed to protecting the innovation which drives the American economy and supports Amer-ican jobs.’’ Examples include foreign nationals digging new hybrid seeds out of cornfields in the heartland, embedded employees walking out the door with proprietary manufacturing processes, and hackers downloading secret research data. Once in possession of the trade secret, criminals want to get out of Dodge fast, and will typically flee the coun-try to peddle these precious corporate assets to the highest bidder. To stop such theft, companies must be able to act quickly and effectively. Unfortunately, current remedies alone are not enough to prevent the flight of these thieves. While law enforcement is a willing partner and often very helpful, too often they lack the bandwidth or resources to act quickly enough and stop these criminals be-fore it’s too late. Currently, a patchwork of state laws and federal criminal penalties are available to companies or individuals confronted with trade secrets theft. The Defend Trade Se-crets Act creates a federal civil cause of ac-tion that currently does not exist. Creating a new federal civil cause of action will help industry help itself. The bill has many provisions to make sure that this new federal cause of action is not abused and em-ployees are protected—including whistle-blowers. In an increasingly competitive global mar-ketplace, it is critical that the right tools are in place to ensure that American ideas and jobs are not stolen and sold overseas. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce urges Con-gress to move this much needed legislation quickly so that it may become law and our industry and workers can remain at the fore-front of the innovation economy. 
[From Forbes, Apr. 4, 2016] W
ENEEDTOSAFEGUARD THE SECRETS OF  A
MERICA ’SINNOVATION ECONOMY  (By Michael Harrington and Erich Andersen) America has long been recognized as a world leader in innovation. Not only does the unending flow of new inventions make life better for consumers, it also helps create new jobs and opportunities for millions of American families. The ‘‘intellectual prop-erty’’ associated with American innovation is protected by a network of laws, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets. These legal protections are essential to reward innovation and encourage contin-ued investment in American research and de-velopment. Unfortunately, trade secrets are the only form of intellectual property that do not receive robust federal protection. This needs to change. Trade secrets include secret formulas, cus-tomer lists and methods of manufacturing developed at great expense and that have sig-nificant value to companies, which take steps to ensure their confidentiality. Amer-ican businesses, regardless of size, must be able to continue to invest the enormous re-sources required to develop the products of the future, from the latest in cloud com-puting and artificial intelligence to the next generation of life-saving medicines. The De-fend Trade Secrets Act, bipartisan legisla-tion pending before the Senate and House, would provide 21st century protection for America’s trade secrets. It has the strong support of our companies and scores of oth-ers representing a diverse cross section of in-dustries. In the digitally networked world, the need for robust trade secret protection has only increased. Businesses no longer compete against the company across the street—they sell products across the country and around the world. Gone are the days when a business kept its know-how on paper—its business plans, its manufacturing process, the secret sauce that gave the business a competitive edge—and locked it in a desk drawer or a safe. Today, companies store their data and business-critical information electronically, primarily in the cloud. Decentralization has allowed companies to rely on networks of manufacturers and service providers who must all be able to access, use and store this trade secret information. The ability to share secrets confidentially with such pro-viders, with the knowledge they can be pro-tected, is vital to the continuing growth of the American economy. While digitalization of information has facilitated the access to trade secrets essential to the conduct of business, it has also enabled anyone intent on doing harm to purloin vast amounts of in-formation with no more than a computer key stroke to a thumb drive or the cloud. Trade secrets are also unique among forms of intellectual property in how they are le-gally protected. They are governed under state law rather than by federal statute. That is, although it is a federal crime to steal a trade secret, a business that has its trade secrets stolen must rely on state law to pursue a civil remedy. Owners of copy-rights, patents, and trademarks can go to federal court to protect their property and seek damages when their property has been infringed, but trade secret owners do not have access to such a federal remedy. This can prove unwieldy and ineffective when the trade secret thief crosses state lines—and all too often these thieves are ultimately head-ing overseas so that the unscrupulous can unfairly exploit and profit from the fruits of American know how in the global economy. This can result in significant loss of Amer-ican prosperity and jobs. Our state-by-state system for trade secret protection was simply not built with the dig-ital world in mind where one device con-taining purloined information can literally destroy a hard-earned competitive edge. In today’s global economy, however, trade se-crets are increasingly stored and used across state line and even national borders. A uni-form, national standard for protection will greatly benefit innovative enterprises of all sizes. We commend Senators Orrin Hatch and Christopher Coons and Representatives Doug Collins and Jerrold Nadler for introducing the bipartisan Defend Trade Secrets Act. This thoughtful and carefully considered leg-islation will adapt America’s trade secret re-gime to reflect 21st Century realities and will strengthen this critical form of intellec-tual property. We urge favorable and expedi-tious consideration by both the Senate and House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I begin my remarks by thanking my colleague, good friend, and the leader in this ef-fort to pass the Defend Trade Secrets Act in the Senate today, the President pro tem of the Senate, Senator O
RRIN H
ATCH . In his four decades of service in this body, Senator H
ATCH has become well known for his ability and willing-ness to work across the aisle, to be a genuine leader in intellectual property matters, and to fight tirelessly for America’s inventors and inventions. I am grateful for the small role I have been able to play in partnering with Senator H
ATCH to bring this important piece of legislation through the Judici-ary Committee and to the floor today. Our country has long been the un-questioned world leader in the creation and production of innovative ideas. Simply put, for over two centuries we understood the critical connection be-tween preserving intellectual property rights and creating sustained economic growth. As a result, we are second to none when it comes to innovation. Yet a critical form of IP, intellectual prop-erty, has somehow slipped through the cracks of Federal protection. Of course, I am talking about trade secrets, such as the secret formula for Coca-Cola, Kentucky Fried Chicken, customer lists, pricing strategies, and key stages in a vital manufacturing process. They are the lifeblood of great companies that can lead to the creation of prod-ucts that make a company unique and uniquely profitable. It should come as no surprise that they are a major con-tributor to our economy. By some esti-mates, trade secrets are worth $5 tril-lion to publicly listed American com-panies alone. Despite the importance of trade se-crets to our economy and our innova-tion ecosystem, trade secrets remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.023 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1630 April 4, 2016 
the only form of intellectual property not protected from theft under Federal civil law. More specifically, a misuse of trade secrets doesn’t provide the owner with a Federal private right of action to seek redress. This means companies today have to rely on State courts or on Federal prosecutors to protect their rights. The multi-State procedural and jurisdictional issues and the hurdles you have to clear that arise in such cases are oftentimes intensive, costly, and complicated. Meanwhile, the Department of Jus-tice, currently empowered to protect trade secrets on the Federal level, lacks the resources to prosecute many of the cases that arise. By the time the existing protections catch up with bad actors who have taken off with a cus-tomer list, formula, or recipe, it is often too late. Unlike physical goods, you simply can’t take back trade se-crets once they have been shared with the public. Once a trade secret is no longer secret, it loses its legal protec-tion. This glaring oversight in our Federal legal system has become increasingly problematic in recent years as tech-nology has made it easier and easier to steal trade secrets. Today a foreign competitor can steal a vital trade se-cret from an American manufacturer with just a few key strokes through a cyber attack. This hasn’t gone unno-ticed. The rate of cyber trade secret theft is at an alltime high, and our for-eign competitors are stealing Amer-ican innovation with woefully inad-equate repercussions. This uptick and steady rise in trade secret theft is af-fecting American businesses large and small across our country. Today the misappropriation of trade secrets is es-timated to cost American companies between $160 and $480 billion annually. That money would be so much better spent by investing in new products, growing businesses, and creating jobs. For example, my home State of Dela-ware has felt the impact of trade secret theft. Many are familiar with DuPont’s signature product Kevlar, an extraor-dinarily strong and lightweight syn-thetic fiber that is best known for its use in lifesaving body armor. It is worn by dedicated police officers and the brave men and women in our Armed Forces. It has literally saved thousands of lives, including more than 3,000 law enforcement officers across this coun-try. About 10 years ago, DuPont devel-oped a next generation of Kevlar, which was even lighter and better able to withstand penetrating trauma from a wide range of rifle rounds or IED-gen-erated shrapnel. This technology rep-resented a real breakthrough in safety, but it cost millions upon millions to develop. You see, chemically the spun polyaromatic fibers that make up Kevlar are not that complicated, but the fabrication and production method that give the fiber strength and flexi-bility is incredibly difficult to develop and then execute. One day about 6 years ago—just 4 years after DuPont had developed this next-generation protective tech-nology—a rogue employee took the trade secrets and the know-how behind manufacturing this new product and went and gave it to a rival manufac-turing company in Korea by using DuPont’s trade secrets. The potential loss to DuPont from this one instance of trade secret theft cost roughly $1 billion. Not only does trade secret theft cost American businesses revenue, which puts American jobs at risk, but it also discourages businesses from investing in critical research and development, and of all the sectors in the American economy, trade secrets are most cen-tral for manufacturing and for manu-facturing in advanced materials. If you know an employee can steal your com-pany’s trade secret, potentially result-ing in a loss of up to $1 billion, that trade secret that was the product of years of research and development, as was the case for DuPont with their next-generation Kevlar, it becomes harder and harder to justify investing substantial sums in the R&D needed to continue to produce technological breakthroughs and cutting-edge manu-facturing in the United States. This trade secret theft can have a devastating, long-term impact on our country’s ability to innovate and com-pete. It is also of particular concern in my home State of Delaware, where R&D is critical to our economy and sustaining our manufacturing sector. These protections in today’s Defend Trade Secrets Act will only grow in im-portance as our country continues to cultivate advanced manufacturing. Delaware has a proud legacy of en-couraging cutting-edge science. We are home to hundreds of basement inven-tors who have tinkered, designed, and perfected inventions. Some have be-come well known internationally, such as Kevlar, and others are not as well known but are critical to our economy. That is why I introduced, along with my friend and senior colleague Senator H
ATCH , the Defend Trade Secrets Act. This bill creates a new Federal private right of action for the misappropria-tion of trade secrets. It uses an exist-ing Federal criminal law, the Eco-nomic Espionage Act, to define trade secrets, and it draws heavily from the existing Uniform Trade Secrets Act which has been enacted by many States to define misappropriation. Simply put, our bill will harmonize U.S. law. Each State has a slightly dif-ferent trade secret law, and they vary in many different ways. Not all of these differences are major, but they affect the definition of what a trade se-cret is or what an owner must do to keep a secret or what constitutes mis-appropriation or what damages and remedies are available. Our Defend Trade Secrets Act creates a single national baseline, or a mini-mal level of protection, and gives trade secret owners access to both a uniform national law and to the reach of Fed-eral courts, which provide nationwide service of process and execution of judgments. However, it is important to know this bill does not preempt State law because States are, of course, free to continue to add further protections. In my view, this bill is a common-sense solution to a very serious prob-lem. Senator HATCH and I first intro-duced this bill in April of 2014, and we reintroduced it last July with just four original cosponsors. The bill before us today now has 65 bipartisan cosponsors in the Senate. An identical version in the House, introduced by D
OUGCOLLINS  of Georgia and J
ERRY NADLER of New York, now has 128 cosponsors. Con-gressmen C
OLLINS and N ADLER have been great partners in this effort. Con-gressman J
OHN CONYERS has also pro-vided invaluable support. In addition to the broad bipartisan support we have collected on this bill from our colleagues, we have gained endorsements from dozens and dozens of companies as diverse as Boeing, Cor-ning, Microsoft, and DuPont. I believe it is also a testament to the hard work and esteem in which Senator H
ATCH is held by his colleagues. Senator H
ATCH  has long been a leader in intellectual property and has been able to lead a successful, open, and collaborative process that has allowed us to move the bill to this point today. Many of our colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, had suggestions for ways to improve the original draft. I am proud many of the Senators who originally raised concerns or questions have now become cosponsors of the bill as a result of Senator H
ATCH ’s leader-ship and our collaboration. In today’s political climate, it is easy to forget that to get things done, we don’t have to agree on everything, we just have to agree on one thing. In this case, we have all agreed that losing hundreds of billions of dollars annually to trade secret theft and misappropria-tion has been hurting American busi-nesses and our economy. This bill is truly bipartisan. Frankly, it has united industry, practitioners, and Members of this body in a way we don’t see often enough today. I rarely have an opportunity to work closely with the Heritage Foundation, the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers, and intellectual property owners on the same bill, but good policy can make for unique partnerships. With the bill before us today, the good policy is a commonsense proposal that creates a clear national standard and facilitates businesses’ protection of their trade se-crets in Federal court. I thank all of my colleagues who have cosponsored and supported this bill. It has been a pleasure to work with them as we worked to ensure that this final bill is bipartisan and achieves our goal of protecting Amer-ican trade secrets. The formula for how we, together, got to this point is simple. Senator H
ATCH and I saw a problem, we found a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04AP6.016 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1631 April 4, 2016 
coalition that wanted to fix it, and we came together to find a solution. I thank former Senator Kohl, with whom I first discussed this issue when I came to the Senate. I thank him for his early interest and involvement in trade secret protections. Of course, I am particularly grateful to Senator H
ATCH for his championship of this bill and leadership in finding consensus. I wish to join him in thanking Chairman G
RASSLEY and Ranking Member L EAHY  for their critical support and commend my colleagues for their focus on this issue. I wish to specifically thank Sen-ators W
HITEHOUSE , FEINSTEIN , GRAHAM , and F
LAKE for their contributions to this bill that has strengthened it. I would be remiss if I didn’t recognize and thank the tremendous efforts our staff contributed together to get this bill to where it is today. Senator H
ATCH has thanked many of the floor staff, leadership staff, and staff in the House, and I would like to add to my thanks to Matt Sandgren in Senator H
ATCH ’s office and to my tireless, dedi-cated, and recently departed from my office chief counsel, Ted Schroeder, as well as Jonathan Stahler, Andrew Crawford, and Erica Songer on my staff. This major achievement is the prod-uct of many contributions, and that is how the Senate is supposed to work. Given the wide support this bill enjoys today in the Senate and the fact that there is already an identical House version with bipartisan support, I am hopeful the House will act and pass this bill without delay. I was pleased to learn earlier today that the administration has issued a Statement of Administration Policy urging the passage of this bill and its rapid enactment into law. The sooner this bill becomes law, the sooner Amer-ican businesses and companies can get back to creating jobs and producing new, life-changing products and serv-ices. Our country’s legacy of innova-tion depends on it. With that, I yield the floor and thank my colleague Senator H
ATCH . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
REMEMBERING JUSTIN AND STEPHANIE SHULTS  
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise to honor the lives of Tennessean Justin Shults and his wife Stephanie, who were killed in the attacks in Brussels, Belgium, on the morning of March 22. I thank our senior Senator L
AMAR  A
LEXANDER for joining me this after-noon. We are heartbroken by this tragedy, which once again hit too close to home. Not long ago, Senator A
LEXANDER and I came to this body to mourn the loss of five American heroes we lost in a terror attack in my hometown of Chat-tanooga. We are here again today, heartbroken that two more out-standing individuals were taken by evil, and we are reminded that ter-rorism knows no borders or boundaries. Justin Shults was a native of Gatlin-burg, TN. He attended Gatlinburg-Pitt-man High School, where he was val-edictorian of his class. A bright young man, Justin received an undergraduate degree from Vanderbilt University be-fore attending Vanderbilt’s Owen Grad-uate School of Management where he met Stephanie, a native of Lexington, KY. Justin and Stephanie’s journey is in-spiring. Two young people from small towns, they set out on a journey to ex-plore the world and to broaden their horizons. They moved to Brussels in 2014. Jus-tin worked for Clarcor, a Franklin, TN, manufacturing company, and Steph-anie worked for Mars. They had a bright future ahead of them—a future that was stolen by terror. To their family members and to all who loved them, we offer our prayers and deepest sympathies as we mourn their passing. We also extend condo-lences to all of the families who lost loved ones and to the people of Bel-gium. I also thank the many individuals and organizations that were instru-mental in helping Justin’s and Steph-anie’s families in the aftermath of the attack. They include the State Depart-ment, the FBI, the consulate in Brus-sels, Delta Airlines, Justin’s and Stephanie’s companies, Clarcor and Mars, and members of my staff, espe-cially Bess McWherter. From Chattanooga to Paris, San Bernardino, Brussels, and beyond, we have seen unimaginable events unfold before our eyes. It is clear the fight against evil will be a long-term strug-gle. To protect our citizens, we must deepen our partnership with Europe and other allies to defeat ISIS and other terrorists so no more families will have to deal with the heartbreak Justin’s and Stephanie’s families face today. We mourn their passing, we honor their lives, and we renew our commit-ment to fight against this evil. With that, I yield the floor to our dis-tinguished senior Senator LAMAR  A
LEXANDER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I join Senator C
ORKER in expressing to the families of Justin and Stephanie our deepest sympathy and our horror at what happened to them in Brussels. I wish to thank Senator C
ORKER as well. Because of his position as chair-man of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, he was able to do some things all of us would have liked to have been able to do. He was able to help the family by being a liaison with the families and the State Department. These are things he wouldn’t say about himself, but I would like to say. He and his staff worked to help the family get expedited passports, and they have stayed in touch with the families. I hope the families of Justin and Steph-anie will know that when Senator C
ORKER and his staff are in touch with them, that they are in touch with them for all of us in the U.S. Senate and all of us as citizens of the State of Ten-nessee. There is so much on television today that is horrible and violent and terror-istic that we have become immune to it. It is almost an unreality. We don’t want to believe any of it is true, until it hits home in Gatlinburg, TN, and happens to a bright young man whom everyone in the community seems to have known, one of those young men whom everybody looks at and says he is going to amount to something, we are going to watch him one day, and to a young woman from Lexington, KY, who met this young man at Vanderbilt’s graduate school of man-agement, not just in Sevier County, TN, and not just in Lexington, where so many people knew these two prom-ising young Americans, but also in Nashville and the Vanderbilt commu-nity. This is actually the third promising young life taken from the Vanderbilt school family. Taylor Force, a student there, was killed on a class visit to Israel a few weeks ago. At any time that is a horrifying, terrible thought, but this is a generation of young Amer-icans who have grown up with the idea of living in the whole world, of making a contribution to the entire world. That is what Justin and Stephanie were doing when they went to Brussels with their companies, and now their lives are cut short by an evil act. Our hearts go out to their families and to the communities from which they come in Gatlinburg, in Lexington, and in the Nashville Vanderbilt Owen school community. My personal thanks to Senator CORKER for doing what all of us want to do as well as we can, which is to be helpful to the families and express to them our appreciation for the lives of their children and our sorrow at what has happened to them. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is now closed. 
f 
DEFEND TRADE SECRETS ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of S. 1890, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1890) to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal ju-risdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment to strike all after the en-acting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G04AP6.017 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1632 April 4, 2016 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL JURISDICTION FOR THEFT OF TRADE SECRETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1836 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking sub-section (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) P
RIVATE CIVILACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An owner of a trade secret that is misappropriated may bring a civil action under this subsection if the trade secret is re-lated to a product or service used in, or intended for use in, interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL SEIZURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION .—Based on an affidavit or verified complaint satisfying the requirements of this paragraph, the court may, upon ex parte application but only in extraordinary cir-cumstances, issue an order providing for the sei-zure of property necessary to prevent the propa-gation or dissemination of the trade secret that is the subject of the action. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ISSUING ORDER .—The court may not grant an application under clause (i) unless the court finds that it clearly appears from specific facts that— ‘‘(I) an order issued pursuant to Rule 65 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure or another form of equitable relief would be inadequate to achieve the purpose of this paragraph because the party to which the order would be issued would evade, avoid, or otherwise not comply with such an order; ‘‘(II) an immediate and irreparable injury will occur if such seizure is not ordered; ‘‘(III) the harm to the applicant of denying the application outweighs the harm to the legiti-mate interests of the person against whom sei-zure would be ordered of granting the applica-tion and substantially outweighs the harm to any third parties who may be harmed by such seizure; ‘‘(IV) the applicant is likely to succeed in showing that— ‘‘(aa) the information is a trade secret; and ‘‘(bb) the person against whom seizure would be ordered— ‘‘(AA) misappropriated the trade secret of the applicant by improper means; or ‘‘(BB) conspired to use improper means to mis-appropriate the trade secret of the applicant; ‘‘(V) the person against whom seizure would be ordered has actual possession of— ‘‘(aa) the trade secret; and ‘‘(bb) any property to be seized; ‘‘(VI) the application describes with reason-able particularity the matter to be seized and, to the extent reasonable under the circumstances, identifies the location where the matter is to be seized; ‘‘(VII) the person against whom seizure would be ordered, or persons acting in concert with such person, would destroy, move, hide, or oth-erwise make such matter inaccessible to the court, if the applicant were to proceed on notice to such person; and ‘‘(VIII) the applicant has not publicized the requested seizure. ‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS OF ORDER .—If an order is issued under subparagraph (A), it shall— ‘‘(i) set forth findings of fact and conclusions of law required for the order; ‘‘(ii) provide for the narrowest seizure of prop-erty necessary to achieve the purpose of this paragraph and direct that the seizure be con-ducted in a manner that minimizes any inter-ruption of the business operations of third par-ties and, to the extent possible, does not inter-rupt the legitimate business operations of the person accused of misappropriating the trade se-cret; ‘‘(iii)(I) be accompanied by an order pro-tecting the seized property from disclosure by prohibiting access by the applicant or the per-son against whom the order is directed, and pro-hibiting any copies, in whole or in part, of the seized property, to prevent undue damage to the party against whom the order has issued or oth-ers, until such parties have an opportunity to be heard in court; and ‘‘(II) provide that if access is granted by the court to the applicant or the person against whom the order is directed, the access shall be consistent with subparagraph (D); ‘‘(iv) provide guidance to the law enforcement officials executing the seizure that clearly delin-eates the scope of the authority of the officials, including— ‘‘(I) the hours during which the seizure may be executed; and ‘‘(II) whether force may be used to access locked areas; ‘‘(v) set a date for a hearing described in sub-paragraph (F) at the earliest possible time, and not later than 7 days after the order has issued, unless the party against whom the order is di-rected and others harmed by the order consent to another date for the hearing, except that a party against whom the order has issued or any person harmed by the order may move the court at any time to dissolve or modify the order after giving notice to the applicant who obtained the order; and ‘‘(vi) require the person obtaining the order to provide the security determined adequate by the court for the payment of the damages that any person may be entitled to recover as a result of a wrongful or excessive seizure or wrongful or excessive attempted seizure under this para-graph. ‘‘(C) PROTECTION FROM PUBLICITY .—The court shall take appropriate action to protect the per-son against whom an order under this para-graph is directed from publicity, by or at the be-hest of the person obtaining the order, about such order and any seizure under such order. ‘‘(D) M
ATERIALS IN CUSTODY OF COURT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any materials seized under this paragraph shall be taken into the custody of the court. The court shall secure the seized material from physical and electronic access during the seizure and while in the custody of the court. ‘‘(ii) S
TORAGE MEDIUM .—If the seized material includes a storage medium, or if the seized mate-rial is stored on a storage medium, the court shall prohibit the medium from being connected to a network or the Internet without the consent of both parties, until the hearing required under subparagraph (B)(v) and described in subpara-graph (F). ‘‘(iii) P
ROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIALITY .—The court shall take appropriate measures to protect the confidentiality of seized materials that are unrelated to the trade secret information or-dered seized pursuant to this paragraph unless the person against whom the order is entered consents to disclosure of the material. ‘‘(iv) A
PPOINTMENT OF SPECIAL MASTER .—The court may appoint a special master to locate and isolate all misappropriated trade secret in-formation and to facilitate the return of unre-lated property and data to the person from whom the property was seized. The special mas-ter appointed by the court shall agree to be bound by a non-disclosure agreement approved by the court. ‘‘(E) S
ERVICE OF ORDER .—The court shall order that service of a copy of the order under this paragraph, and the submissions of the ap-plicant to obtain the order, shall be made by a Federal law enforcement officer who, upon mak-ing service, shall carry out the seizure under the order. The court may allow State or local law enforcement officials to participate, but may not permit the applicant or any agent of the appli-cant to participate in the seizure. At the request of law enforcement officials, the court may allow a technical expert who is unaffiliated with the applicant and who is bound by a court-approved non-disclosure agreement to participate in the seizure if the court determines that the participation of the expert will aid the efficient execution of and minimize the burden of the seizure. ‘‘(F) S
EIZURE HEARING .— ‘‘(i) D
ATE.—A court that issues a seizure order shall hold a hearing on the date set by the court under subparagraph (B)(v). ‘‘(ii) BURDEN OF PROOF .—At a hearing held under this subparagraph, the party who ob-tained the order under subparagraph (A) shall have the burden to prove the facts supporting the findings of fact and conclusions of law nec-essary to support the order. If the party fails to meet that burden, the seizure order shall be dis-solved or modified appropriately. ‘‘(iii) D
ISSOLUTION OR MODIFICATION OF  
ORDER .—A party against whom the order has been issued or any person harmed by the order may move the court at any time to dissolve or modify the order after giving notice to the party who obtained the order. ‘‘(iv) D
ISCOVERY TIME LIMITS .—The court may make such orders modifying the time limits for discovery under the Federal Rules of Civil Pro-cedure as may be necessary to prevent the frus-tration of the purposes of a hearing under this subparagraph. ‘‘(G) A
CTION FOR DAMAGE CAUSED BY WRONG -
FUL SEIZURE .—A person who suffers damage by reason of a wrongful or excessive seizure under this paragraph has a cause of action against the applicant for the order under which such sei-zure was made, and shall be entitled to the same relief as is provided under section 34(d)(11) of the Trademark Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1116(d)(11)). The security posted with the court under subparagraph (B)(vi) shall not limit the recovery of third parties for damages. ‘‘(H) M
OTION FOR ENCRYPTION .—A party or a person who claims to have an interest in the subject matter seized may make a motion at any time, which may be heard ex parte, to encrypt any material seized or to be seized under this paragraph that is stored on a storage medium. The motion shall include, when possible, the de-sired encryption method. ‘‘(3) R
EMEDIES .—In a civil action brought under this subsection with respect to the mis-appropriation of a trade secret, a court may— ‘‘(A) grant an injunction— ‘‘(i) to prevent any actual or threatened mis-appropriation described in paragraph (1) on such terms as the court deems reasonable, pro-vided the order does not— ‘‘(I) prevent a person from entering into an employment relationship, and that conditions placed on such employment shall be based on evidence of threatened misappropriation and not merely on the information the person knows; or ‘‘(II) otherwise conflict with an applicable State law prohibiting restraints on the practice of a lawful profession, trade, or business; ‘‘(ii) if determined appropriate by the court, requiring affirmative actions to be taken to pro-tect the trade secret; and ‘‘(iii) in exceptional circumstances that render an injunction inequitable, that conditions fu-ture use of the trade secret upon payment of a reasonable royalty for no longer than the period of time for which such use could have been pro-hibited; ‘‘(B) award— ‘‘(i)(I) damages for actual loss caused by the misappropriation of the trade secret; and ‘‘(II) damages for any unjust enrichment caused by the misappropriation of the trade se-cret that is not addressed in computing damages for actual loss; or ‘‘(ii) in lieu of damages measured by any other methods, the damages caused by the misappro-priation measured by imposition of liability for a reasonable royalty for the misappropriator’s unauthorized disclosure or use of the trade se-cret; ‘‘(C) if the trade secret is willfully and mali-ciously misappropriated, award exemplary dam-ages in an amount not more than 2 times the amount of the damages awarded under subpara-graph (B); and ‘‘(D) if a claim of the misappropriation is made in bad faith, which may be established by circumstantial evidence, a motion to terminate an injunction is made or opposed in bad faith, or the trade secret was willfully and maliciously 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.026 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1633 April 4, 2016 
misappropriated, award reasonable attorney’s fees to the prevailing party. ‘‘(c) J
URISDICTION .—The district courts of the United States shall have original jurisdiction of civil actions brought under this section. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF LIMITATIONS .—A civil action under subsection (b) may not be commenced later than 3 years after the date on which the misappropriation with respect to which the ac-tion would relate is discovered or by the exercise of reasonable diligence should have been discov-ered. For purposes of this subsection, a con-tinuing misappropriation constitutes a single claim of misappropriation.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1839 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the public’’ and inserting ‘‘another person who can obtain economic value from the disclosure or use of the information’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the term ‘misappropriation’ means— ‘‘(A) acquisition of a trade secret of another by a person who knows or has reason to know that the trade secret was acquired by improper means; or ‘‘(B) disclosure or use of a trade secret of an-other without express or implied consent by a person who— ‘‘(i) used improper means to acquire knowl-edge of the trade secret; ‘‘(ii) at the time of disclosure or use, knew or had reason to know that the knowledge of the trade secret was— ‘‘(I) derived from or through a person who had used improper means to acquire the trade secret; ‘‘(II) acquired under circumstances giving rise to a duty to maintain the secrecy of the trade secret or limit the use of the trade secret; or ‘‘(III) derived from or through a person who owed a duty to the person seeking relief to maintain the secrecy of the trade secret or limit the use of the trade secret; or ‘‘(iii) before a material change of the position of the person, knew or had reason to know that— ‘‘(I) the trade secret was a trade secret; and ‘‘(II) knowledge of the trade secret had been acquired by accident or mistake; ‘‘(6) the term ‘improper means’— ‘‘(A) includes theft, bribery, misrepresenta-tion, breach or inducement of a breach of a duty to maintain secrecy, or espionage through elec-tronic or other means; and ‘‘(B) does not include reverse engineering, independent derivation, or any other lawful means of acquisition; and ‘‘(7) the term ‘Trademark Act of 1946’ means the Act entitled ‘An Act to provide for the reg-istration and protection of trademarks used in commerce, to carry out the provisions of certain international conventions, and for other pur-poses, approved July 5, 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Trademark Act of 1946’’ or the ‘‘Lanham Act’’)’.’’. (c) E
XCEPTIONS TO PROHIBITION .—Section 1833 of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or create a private right of action for’’ after ‘‘prohibit’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The section heading for section 1836 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1836. Civil proceedings’’. (2) The table of sections for chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 1836 and inserting the following: ‘‘1836. Civil proceedings.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to any misappropriation of a trade secret (as defined in section 1839 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this section) for which any act oc-curs on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by this section shall be con-strued to modify the rule of construction under section 1838 of title 18, United States Code, or to preempt any other provision of law. (g) A
PPLICABILITY TO OTHER LAWS.—This sec- tion and the amendments made by this section shall not be construed to be a law pertaining to intellectual property for purposes of any other Act of Congress. 
SEC. 3. TRADE SECRET THEFT ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 1832(b), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the greater of $5,000,000 or 3 times the value of the stolen trade secret to the organization, including expenses for research and design and other costs of reproducing the trade secret that the organization has thereby avoided’’; and (2) in section 1835— (A) by striking ‘‘In any prosecution’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In any prosecution’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
IGHTS OF TRADE SECRET OWNERS .—The court may not authorize or direct the disclosure of any information the owner asserts to be a trade secret unless the court allows the owner the opportunity to file a submission under seal that describes the interest of the owner in keep-ing the information confidential. No submission under seal made under this subsection may be used in a prosecution under this chapter for any purpose other than those set forth in this sec-tion, or otherwise required by law. The provi-sion of information relating to a trade secret to the United States or the court in connection with a prosecution under this chapter shall not constitute a waiver of trade secret protection, and the disclosure of information relating to a trade secret in connection with a prosecution under this chapter shall not constitute a waiver of trade secret protection unless the trade secret owner expressly consents to such waiver.’’. (b) RICO P
REDICATE OFFENSES .—Section 1961(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘sections 1831 and 1832 (relating to economic espionage and theft of trade se-crets),’’ before ‘‘section 1951’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORT ON THEFT OF TRADE SECRETS OCCURRING ABROAD. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellec-tual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. (2) F
OREIGN INSTRUMENTALITY , ETC.—The terms ‘‘foreign instrumentality’’, ‘‘foreign agent’’, and ‘‘trade secret’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1839 of title 18, United States Code. (3) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ includes the District of Columbia and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. (4) U
NITED STATES COMPANY .—The term ‘‘United States company’’ means an organiza-tion organized under the laws of the United States or a State or political subdivision thereof. (b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and biannually thereafter, the Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, the Director, and the heads of other appropriate agencies, shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and make pub-licly available on the Web site of the Depart-ment of Justice and disseminate to the public through such other means as the Attorney Gen-eral may identify, a report on the following: (1) The scope and breadth of the theft of the trade secrets of United States companies occur-ring outside of the United States. (2) The extent to which theft of trade secrets occurring outside of the United States is spon-sored by foreign governments, foreign instru-mentalities, or foreign agents. (3) The threat posed by theft of trade secrets occurring outside of the United States. (4) The ability and limitations of trade secret owners to prevent the misappropriation of trade secrets outside of the United States, to enforce any judgment against foreign entities for theft of trade secrets, and to prevent imports based on theft of trade secrets overseas. (5) A breakdown of the trade secret protec-tions afforded United States companies by each country that is a trading partner of the United States and enforcement efforts available and undertaken in each such country, including a list identifying specific countries where trade se-cret theft, laws, or enforcement is a significant problem for United States companies. (6) Instances of the Federal Government work-ing with foreign countries to investigate, arrest, and prosecute entities and individuals involved in the theft of trade secrets outside of the United States. (7) Specific progress made under trade agree-ments and treaties, including any new remedies enacted by foreign countries, to protect against theft of trade secrets of United States companies outside of the United States. (8) Recommendations of legislative and execu-tive branch actions that may be undertaken to— (A) reduce the threat of and economic impact caused by the theft of the trade secrets of United States companies occurring outside of the United States; (B) educate United States companies regard-ing the threats to their trade secrets when taken outside of the United States; (C) provide assistance to United States compa-nies to reduce the risk of loss of their trade se-crets when taken outside of the United States; and (D) provide a mechanism for United States companies to confidentially or anonymously re-port the theft of trade secrets occurring outside of the United States. SEC. 5. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) trade secret theft occurs in the United States and around the world; (2) trade secret theft, wherever it occurs, harms the companies that own the trade secrets and the employees of the companies; (3) chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Economic Espionage Act of 1996’’), applies broadly to protect trade secrets from theft; and (4) it is important when seizing information to balance the need to prevent or remedy misappro-priation with the need to avoid interrupting the— (A) business of third parties; and (B) legitimate interests of the party accused of wrongdoing. 
SEC. 6. BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Judicial Center, using existing resources, shall develop recommended best practices for— (1) the seizure of information and media stor-ing the information; and (2) the securing of the information and media once seized. (b) U
PDATES .—The Federal Judicial Center shall update the recommended best practices de-veloped under subsection (a) from time to time. (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL SUBMISSIONS .—The Fed- eral Judicial Center shall provide a copy of the recommendations developed under subsection (a), and any updates made under subsection (b), to the— (1) Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (2) Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.026 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1634 April 4, 2016 
SEC. 7. IMMUNITY FROM LIABILITY FOR CON-FIDENTIAL DISCLOSURE OF A TRADE SECRET TO THE GOVERNMENT OR IN A COURT FILING. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1833 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘This chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—This chapter’’; (2) in subsection (a)(2), as designated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘the reporting of a sus-pected violation of law to any governmental en-tity of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, if such entity has lawful authority with respect to that violation’’ and in-serting ‘‘the disclosure of a trade secret in ac-cordance with subsection (b)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) I
MMUNITY FROM LIABILITY FOR CON-
FIDENTIAL DISCLOSURE OF A TRADE SECRET TO  
THEGOVERNMENT OR IN A COURT FILING .— ‘‘(1) I
MMUNITY .—An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Fed-eral or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that— ‘‘(A) is made— ‘‘(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and ‘‘(ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or in-vestigating a suspected violation of law; or ‘‘(B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF TRADE SECRET INFORMATION IN  
ANTI-RETALIATION LAWSUIT .—An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may dis-close the trade secret to the attorney of the indi-vidual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual— ‘‘(A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and ‘‘(B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An employer shall provide notice of the immunity set forth in this sub-section in any contract or agreement with an employee that governs the use of a trade secret or other confidential information. ‘‘(B) P
OLICY DOCUMENT .—An employer shall be considered to be in compliance with the no-tice requirement in subparagraph (A) if the em-ployer provides a cross-reference to a policy doc-ument provided to the employee that sets forth the employer’s reporting policy for a suspected violation of law. ‘‘(C) N
ON-COMPLIANCE .—If an employer does not comply with the notice requirement in sub-paragraph (A), the employer may not be award-ed exemplary damages or attorney fees under subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 1836(b)(3) in an action against an employee to whom notice was not provided. ‘‘(D) A
PPLICABILITY .—This paragraph shall apply to contracts and agreements that are en-tered into or updated after the date of enact-ment of this subsection. ‘‘(4) E
MPLOYEE DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘employee’ includes any in-dividual performing work as a contractor or consultant for an employer. ‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as ex-pressly provided for under this subsection, noth-ing in this subsection shall be construed to au-thorize, or limit liability for, an act that is oth-erwise prohibited by law, such as the unlawful access of material by unauthorized means.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 1838 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘This chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 1833(b), this chapter’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I made long remarks earlier this afternoon, along with my colleague and friend Senator HATCH . I want to briefly reiterate my thanks to the many staff who worked tire-lessly to make it possible for the De-fense Trade Secrets Act to move for-ward today. I greatly appreciate the leadership and hard work of the chair-man and ranking member of the Judi-ciary Committee, Senators G
RASSLEY  and L
EAHY , for their hard work and their staffs’ work. I want to personally thank Ted Schroeder, who was my chief counsel for many years, for his terrific work on this bill and the dozens of staffs here in the Senate and the House and outside groups who have come together to make it possible for this strong bipar-tisan bill to move forward today. Thank you, Mr. President. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
EX PARTE SEIZURE PROVISION  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, as the Senate is prepared to vote on the Defend Trade Secrets Act, I rise today to enter into a colloquy with my long-time friend and colleague from Utah, Senator O
RRIN HATCH . Does the Senator agree that the ex parte seizure provision is a vital ele-ment of the bill? Mr. HATCH. I thank my colleague and longtime friend from Iowa, Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY , for the question. Indeed, the Defend Trade Secrets Act provides a trade secret owner with a right of action to go to court ex parte to have the trade secret seized and re-turned before the misappropriator can divulge it and cause it to lose its pro-tection or before significant destruc-tion of evidence. The provision is tailored to prevent abuse—balancing the need to recover a stolen trade secret with the rights of defendants and third parties. We drafted the bill to require the party seeking ex parte review to make a rigorous showing that they owned the secret, that it was stolen, and that third parties would not be harmed if an order were granted. We required a hear-ing at the earliest possible date. We also included damages for wrongful sei-zure, including attorney’s fees. Could the Senator discuss the intent behind that language? Mr. GRASSLEY. I thank Senator H
ATCH . The Defend Trade Secrets Act is the product of bipartisan consensus, and as he will recall, before the bill was approved in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, a modification added language that ex parte seizures would be granted under ‘‘extraordinary circumstances.’’ As I understand it, the ‘‘extraor-dinary circumstances’’ language was not added to impose an additional re-quirement for obtaining an ex parte seizure, but to acknowledge the Judi-ciary’s general disfavor of ex parte pro-cedures and to reinforce that par-ticular circumstances are required to utilize the seizure provisions but still provide a much needed avenue for ex parte seizures when necessary. The legislation specifically lists these requirements for issuing an ex parte seizure order. For example, this authority is not available if an injunc-tion under existing rules of civil proce-dure would be sufficient. The ex parte seizure provision is expected to be used in instances in which a defendant is seeking to flee the country or planning to disclose the trade secret to a third party immediately or is otherwise not amenable to the enforcement of the court’s orders. Mr. HATCH. That is correct. We ex-pect the provision will be used in in-stances such as when a trade secret misappropriator is seeking to flee the country or planning to disclose a trade secret immediately. Mr. GRASSLEY. I thank Senator HATCH for his helpful insights. Mr. President, today the Senate is poised to pass the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, a bill that offers practical and necessary solutions to a growing problem. I have recently had the opportunity to speak about a number of bipartisan bills that have passed out of the Judici-ary Committee and that have been taken up here on the Senate floor. That is a testament to the fact that the Judiciary Committee is working hard through an open process to find thoughtful solutions to the problems facing our country. In fact, we have processed 24 bills out of the Judiciary Committee, all in a bipartisan fashion. Of these, 16 have passed the Senate and 6 have been signed into law by the President. While any Member of this body can tell you that it isn’t always easy to find legislative agreement, the American people deserve hardworking representatives in Washington who strive to get things accomplished. And the record of the Judiciary Committee shows that we have chosen to overcome gridlock and dysfunction to pass legis-lation that addresses problems that American people face. Here are a few examples of the Judi-ciary Committee’s legislative accom-plishments so far. Last month, the Senate overwhelmingly passed the bi-partisan Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, by a vote of 94–1. In the face of a growing and dead-ly epidemic of heroin and opioid pain-killers, this bill addresses this crisis comprehensively supporting preven-tion, education, treatment, recovery, and law enforcement. In the past few weeks, the Senate also passed the FOIA Improvement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.026 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1635 April 4, 2016 
Act, a bill authored by Senators C OR-
NYNand L EAHY that I worked to move through the committee process. It codifies a presumption of openness for government agencies to follow when they respond to requests for govern-ment records via the Freedom of Infor-mation Act. In passing the FOIA Im-provement Act—the Senate is helping change the culture in government to-ward openness and transparency. In February, the Judiciary Com-mittee reported out the bipartisan Jus-tice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act by a vote of 19–0. The bill, which has now been signed into law, holds spon-sors of terrorism accountable by pre-venting them from invoking ‘‘sov-ereign immunity’’ in cases involving attacks within the United States. It also allows civil suits to be filed against foreign entities that have aided or abetted terrorists. The committee has worked to protect families and children by passing bills such as the Amy and Vicky Child Por-nography Victim Restitution Improve-ment Act and the Adoptive Family Re-lief Act. The Amy and Vicky Child Por-nography Victim Restitution Improve-ment Act reverses a Supreme Court de-cision that limited the restitution that victims of child pornography can seek from any single perpetrator, ensuring that victims can be fully compensated for these heinous crimes, and can focus their attention on healing. The Adop-tive Family Relief Act was signed into law in October of 2015, after passing the Judiciary Committee, and aims to help families facing challenges with inter-national adoptions. And once again today, we are set to approve another Judiciary Committee bill that is supported by folks across the whole of the political spectrum. The support behind the Defend Trade Secrets Act makes clear that the Sen-ate and Judiciary Committee is work-ing to find thoughtful solutions to problems facing our country. This bi-partisan legislation is authored by Sen-ators H
ATCH and C OONS . It brings need-ed uniformity to trade secret litigation so creators and owners of trade secrets can more effectively address the grow-ing problem of trade secret theft. It is estimated that the American economy loses 2.1 million jobs every year because of trade secret theft. Fur-ther, according to a recent report of the Commission on the Theft of Amer-ican Intellectual Property, annual losses owing to trade secret theft are likely comparable to the current an-nual level of U.S. exports to Asia—over $300 billion. Back in Iowa we have seen this first- hand as innovative companies like Monsanto and DuPont-Pioneer have be-come targets for trade secret theft. In a well-publicized case, a naturalized citizen was indicted and convicted for engaging in a scheme with foreign na-tionals to steal proprietary test seeds from Iowa fields to benefit foreign companies. Contrasted with other areas of intel-lectual property, trade secrets are mainly protected as a matter of state law. Forty-seven states have enacted some variation of the Uniform Trade Secrets Act. Yet as we have learned through hearings in the Judiciary Committee and from companies who have experienced trade secret theft, the increasing use of technology by crimi-nals and their ability to quickly travel across state lines, means at times these laws are inadequate. The existing patchwork of state laws has become a difficult procedural hurdle for victims who must seek immediate relief before their valuable intellectual property is lost forever. As the pace of trade secret theft has soared, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation reports that their caseload for economic espionage and trade secret theft cases has also increased more than 60% from 2009 to 2013. The Defend Trade Secrets Act will create a uni-form federal civil cause of action, with-out preempting state law, to provide clear rules and predictability for trade secret cases. Victims of trade secret theft will now have another weapon in their arsenal to combat trade secret theft, aside from criminal enforcement. This bill will provide certainty of the rules, standards, and practices to stop trade secrets from being disseminated and losing their value, and will allow victims to move quickly to federal court to stop their trade secrets from being disseminated. By improving trade secret protection, this bill will also help to incentivize future innova-tion. Importantly, the Defend Trade Se-crets Act codifies protections for whis-tleblowers. An amendment that I au-thored with Ranking Member LEAHY , which was included in Committee, would create express protections for whistleblowers who disclose trade se-crets confidentially to the government to report a violation of the law. There is a longstanding and compelling pub-lic interest in safeguarding the ability of whistleblowers to lawfully and ap-propriately disclose waste, fraud, and abuse that would otherwise never be brought to light. As chairman, and one of the founding members of the Senate Whistleblower Protection Caucus, I’ve seen how whistleblowers help hold wrongdoers accountable and allow the government to recoup taxpayer money that might otherwise be lost to fraud and other unlawful activities. The in-clusion of this whistleblower protec-tion in the Defend Trade Secrets Act allows us to help make sure that those who are best in a position to report il-legal conduct can come forward. Passing legislation to help Ameri-cans deal with a growing problem like trade secret theft in a bipartisan fash-ion is an important accomplishment. I am proud of the way the Judiciary Committee continues to get things done. Mr. President, I yield back the re-mainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. Under the previous order, the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment is agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. AYOTTE ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’, the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’, and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 87, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 39 Leg.] YEAS—87 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—13 
Ayotte Carper Cruz Gardner Gillibrand Leahy Lee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.025 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1636 April 4, 2016 
Mikulski Murkowski Sanders Sullivan Toomey Vitter 
The bill (S. 1890), as amended, was passed. 
f 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, what is the pending business? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion to proceed on H.R. 636. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 55, H.R. 636, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased ex-pensing limitations, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, Daniel Coats, Lamar Alexander, John Booz-man, James M. Inhofe, Chuck Grassley, Mike Crapo, Richard Burr, Thad Coch-ran, Johnny Isakson, Roy Blunt, Dean Heller, John Thune, John McCain, John Cornyn, Steve Daines. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
DEFEND TRADE SECRETS BILL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am pleased that the Senate voted today on the Defend Trade Secrets Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation, which would create a Federal civil cause of action to help deter and remedy trade secret theft that is costing American businesses hundreds of billions of dollars each year. Trade secrets, such as manufacturing processes, industrial techniques, and customer lists, are critical assets for U.S. companies. However, American companies are increasingly being tar-geted by efforts to steal this propri-etary information, often by overseas interests. Currently, there is no Fed-eral civil remedy available to compa-nies to fight this theft, and the Justice Department does not have the re-sources to investigate and prosecute criminally all of the thefts that are taking place. While most States have passed civil trade secret laws, these laws are not well suited for remedying interstate or foreign trade secret theft. The lack of a Federal civil remedy for trade secret misappropriation is a glar-ing gap in current law, especially since Federal civil remedies are available to protect other forms of intellectual property such as patents, trademarks, and copyrights. The Defend Trade Secrets Act would close this gap by creating a civil right of action in Federal court for mis-appropriation of a trade secret that is related to a product or service used in interstate or foreign commerce. Avail-able remedies would include injunc-tions, damages, and in certain cases en-hanced damages. This broadly bipar-tisan bill has been carefully crafted to empower companies to protect their trade secrets through a process that will be both swift and fair. By helping American companies safeguard their essential trade secrets from theft, the bill will help keep innovation and jobs in America. The Defend Trade Secrets Act has been cosponsored by 65 Senators and is supported by groups and companies representing a broad swath of the American economy, including numer-ous employers based in my home State of Illinois, such as Caterpillar and Illi-nois Tool Works. I am pleased that the Senate is moving forward with passage of this legislation, and I hope the bill will soon pass the House of Representa-tives and be signed into law. (At the request of Mr. REID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) ∑Mr. LEAHY. Today, the Senate voted on legislation that will provide a valu-able tool to protect against trade se-cret theft. This legislation is supported by businesses from diverse sectors of our economy, including companies large and small. In Vermont, trade secrets protect the specialized knowledge of woodworkers who have made heirloom products for generations, and cutting-edge start-ups that are shaping the future of plastics, software, and green technology. Trade secrets protect the recipes for Vermont craft brews and closely guarded cus-tomer lists for our top tourist services. Today’s legislation provides an impor-tant tool to protect these innovative businesses in Vermont and across the country. The Defend Trade Secrets Act con-tains a bipartisan provision I offered with Senator G
RASSLEY to ensure that employers and other entities cannot bully whistleblowers or other litigants by threatening them with a lawsuit for trade secret theft. The provision pro-tects disclosures made in confidence to law enforcement or an attorney for the purpose of reporting a suspected viola-tion of law and disclosures made in the course of a lawsuit, provided that the disclosure is made under seal. It re-quires employers to provide clear no-tice of this protection in any non-disclosure agreements they ask indi-viduals to sign. This commonsense pub-lic policy amendment is supported by the Project on Government Oversight and the Government Accountability Project and builds upon valuable schol-arly work by Professor Peter Menell. Good, thoughtful work was done in the Senate Judiciary Committee to craft the bill we are voting on today, which builds on earlier versions intro-duced in prior Congresses. It is a testa-ment to how the Judiciary Committee can and should operate when it func-tions with regular order. We held a public hearing on the issue of trade se-cret theft in the Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism during the 113th Congress and another hearing in the full committee this past December. Senators suggested improvements to the bill, they debated them, and they voted on the legislation. Unfortunately, the regular order and fair consideration that was given to this legislation is being denied for one of the Senate’s most important and solemn responsibilities: considering the Supreme Court nomination pending in the Senate Judiciary Committee. Americans by a 2-to-1 margin want the Senate to move forward with a full and fair process for Chief Judge Garland. The Senate today is coming together to pass trade secrets legislation, but that does nothing to absolve us from doing our jobs by considering the pend-ing Supreme Court nominee. ∑ Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I wish to express my support for the De-fend Trade Secrets Act and to explain some of the changes that were made in the Judiciary Committee to ensure the bill does not adversely impact Cali-fornia. First, let me congratulate Senators HATCH and C OONS on their work on this bill. This bill will help protect vital trade secrets of American companies by pro-viding a Federal cause of action for the theft of trade secrets. It will ensure there is access to Federal courts in these cases. During consideration of the bill in the Judiciary Committee, some members, including me, voiced concern that the injunctive relief au-thorized under the bill could override State law limitations that safeguard the ability of an employee to move from one job to another. This is known as employee mobility. Some States, in-cluding California, have strong public policies or laws in favor of employee mobility. These are reflected in some State court precedent or in laws that are on the books. When this bill came before the Judi-ciary Committee, there was a serious concern that a Federal law without similar limits would override the law in those States and create impairments on employees’ ability to move from job to job. If that were to happen, it could be a major limitation on employee mo-bility that does not exist today. To prevent this, the bill now includes lan-guage to preserve the law in California and elsewhere. Specifically, the bill bars an injunction ‘‘to prevent a person from entering into an employment re-lationship,’’ period. In other words, re-lief under this bill cannot include an injunction barring a person from start-ing a new job. As I understand it, this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.027 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1637 April 4, 2016 
reflects the practice under current law in California. Secondly, any injunction that is issued cannot be based ‘‘merely on the information the person knows.’’ This language makes clear that any injunc-tive relief must be based on real evi-dence of a threat to the trade secrets, not simply on the employee’s knowl-edge. Third, the bill also includes language to ensure that any injunction issued under the bill does not ‘‘otherwise con-flict with an applicable State law pro-hibiting restraints on the practice of a lawful profession, trade, or business.’’ This language will ensure that States are able to protect against the use of this bill to create unlawful restraints on business practices within their States. In fact, California’s strong pub-lic policy in favor of employee mobility stems from such a law, which is located at section 16600 in the State’s business and professions code. This law states: ‘‘Except as provided in this chapter, every contract by which anyone is re-strained from engaging in a lawful pro-fession, trade, or business of any kind is to that extent void.’’ As I said in the markup of this bill in the Judiciary Committee and as is noted in the Judiciary Committee’s re-port, if a State’s trade secrets law au-thorizes additional remedies beyond what this bill authorizes, those State law remedies will still be available. I felt it was important to protect California, which has a vibrant and dy-namic economy of almost 40 million people in so many sectors. I am very grateful that Senators H
ATCH and C OONS were willing to ac-commodate my concerns, and I am pleased to support this bill and to co-sponsor it. Thank you very much. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–26, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the United Kingdom for defense articles and services estimated to cost $3.2 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI , (for J. W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–26 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: United King-dom. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $1.8 billion. Other $1.4 billion. Total $3.2 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE). Nine (9) P–8A Patrol Aircraft, which in-clude: Tactical Open Mission Software (TOMS), Electro-Optical (EO) and Infrared (IR) MX–20HD, AN/AAQ–2(V)1 Acoustic Sys-tem, AN/APY–10 Radar, ALQ–240 Electronic Support Measures (ESM). Twelve (12) Multifunctional Informational Distribution System (MIDS) Joint Tactical Radio Systems (JTRS). Twelve (12) Guardian Laser Transmitter Assemblies (GLTA) for AN/AAQ–24(V)N. Twelve (12) System Processors for AN/ AAQ–24(V)N. Twelve (12) Missile Warning Sensors for AN/AAR–54 (for AN/AAQ–24(V)N). Nine (9) LN–251 with Embedded Global Po-sitioning Systems/Inertial Navigation Sys-tem (EGI). Non-Major Defense Equipment (Non-MDE): Associated training, training devices, and support. (iv) Military Department: U.S. Navy (SAN, Basic Aircraft Procurement Case; LVK, Basic Training Devices Case; TGO, Basic Training Case). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: UK–P–FBF, total case value $5.6M, implemented January 27, 2015. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: March 24, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  United Kingdom—P–8A Aircraft and Associated Support The Government of the United Kingdom (UK) has requested notification for the pos-sible procurement of up to nine (9) P–8A Pa-trol Aircraft, associated major defense equipment, associated training, and support. The estimated cost is $3.2 billion. The UK is a close ally and an important partner on critical foreign policy and defense issues. The proposed sale will enhance U.S. foreign policy and national security objec-tives by enhancing the UK’s capabilities to provide national defense and contribute to NATO and coalition operations. The proposed sale will allow the UK to re-establish its Maritime Surveillance Aircraft (MSA) capability that it divested when it cancelled the Nimrod MRA4 Maritime Patrol Aircraft (MPA) program. The United King-dom has retained core skills in maritime pa-trol and reconnaissance following the retire-ment of the Nimrod aircraft through Per-sonnel Exchange Programs (PEPs). The MSA has remained the United Kingdom’s highest priority unfunded requirement. The P–8A aircraft would fulfill this requirement. The UK will have no difficulty absorbing these aircraft into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor involved in this sale is The Boeing Company, Seattle, WA. Imple-mentation of the proposed sale will require approximately sixty-four (64) personnel hired by Boeing to support the program in the United Kingdom. Additional contractors in-clude: ViaSat, Carlsbad, CA. GC Micro, Petaluma, CA. Rockwell Collins, Cedar Rapids, IA. Spirit Aero, Wichita, KS. Raytheon, Waltham, MA. Telephonics, Farmingdale, NY. Pole Zero, Cincinnati, OH. Northrop Grumman Corp, Falls Church, VA. Exelis, McLean, VA. Terma, Arlington, VA. Symmetrics, Canada. Arnprior Aerospace, Canada. General Electric, UK. Martin Baker, UK. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–26 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The P–8A aircraft is a militarized version of the Boeing 737–800 Next Genera-tion (NG) commercial aircraft. The P–8A is replacing the P–3C as the Navy’s long-range anti-submarine warfare (ASW), anti-surface warfare (ASuW), intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) aircraft capable of broad-area, maritime and littoral oper-ations. 2. P–8A mission systems include: (a) Tactical Open Mission Software (TOMS). TOMS functions include environ-ment planning tactical aids, weapons plan-ning aids, and data correlation. TOMS in-cludes an algorithm for track fusion which automatically correlates tracks produced by on-board and off-board sensors. (b) Electro-Optical (EO) and Infrared (IR) MX–20HD. The EO/IR system processes visi-ble EO and IR spectrum to detect and image objects. (c) AN/AAQ–2(V)1 Acoustic System. The Acoustic sensor system is integrated within the mission system as the primary sensor for the aircraft ASW missions. The system has multi-static active coherent (MAC) 64 sono-buoy processing capability and acoustic sen-sor prediction tools. (d) AN/APY–10 Radar. The aircraft radar is a direct derivative of the legacy AN/APS– 137(V) installed in the P–3C. The radar capa-bilities include Global Positioning System (GPS), selective availability anti-spoofing, Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), and In-verse Synthetic Aperture Radar (ISAR) im-agery resolutions, and periscope detection mode. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04AP6.012 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1638 April 4, 2016 
(e) ALQ–240 Electronic Support Measures (ESM). This system provides real time capa-bility for the automatic detection, location, measurement, and analysis of Radio-Fre-quency (RF) signals and modes. Real time re-sults are compared with a library of known emitters to perform emitter classification and specific emitter identification (SEI). (f) Electronic Warfare Self Protection (EWSP). The aircraft EWSP consists of the ALQ–213 Electronic Warfare Management System (EWMS). ALE–47 Countermeasures Dispensing System (CMDS), and the AN/ AAQ–24 Directional Infrared Counter-measures (DIRCM)/AAR–54 Missile Warning Sensors (MWS). The EWSP includes threat information. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary was to obtain access to the P–8A specific hardware and software elements, systems could be reverse engineered to discover U.S. Navy capabilities and tactics. The con-sequences of the loss of this technology, to a technologically advanced or competent ad-versary, could result in the development of countermeasures or equivalent systems, which could reduce system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar advance capabilities. 4. A determination has been made that the United Kingdom can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. Support of the P–8A Patrol Aircraft to the Government of the United Kingdom is necessary in the furtherance of the U.S. for-eign policy and national security objectives. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the United Kingdom. f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on March 22, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 192. An act to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 1180. An act to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes. S. 2393. An act to extend temporarily the extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosures, and eviction, and for other purposes. The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 4721) to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on March 22, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1831. An act to establish the Commis-sion on Evidence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on March 24, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
OTTON ). Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on March 24, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the House agreed to the following concurrent res-olution, without amendment: 
S. Con. Res. 34. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for an adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on March 24, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 4721. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on March 24, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
OTTON ). 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on March 31, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) had signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1180. An act to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes. S. 2393. An act to extend temporarily the extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosures, and eviction, and for other purposes. Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on March 31, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 482. An act to redesignate Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 1670. An act to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. H.R. 2745. An act to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attor-ney General exercises such authority. H.R. 2857. An act to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville Na-tional Historical Park, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4119. An act to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. H.R. 4314. An act to require a plan to com-bat international travel by terrorists and foreign fighters, accelerate the transfer of certain border security systems to foreign partner governments, establish minimum international border security standards, au-thorize the suspension of foreign assistance to countries not making significant efforts to comply with such minimum standards, and for other purposes. H.R. 4336. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial in Ar-lington National Cemetery of the cremated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service. H.R. 4472. An act to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt a centralized electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a system, and for other purposes. H.R. 4742. An act to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepre-neurial programs for women. H.R. 4755. An act to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.032 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1639 April 4, 2016 
H.R. 482. An act to redesignate Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2745. An act to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attor-ney General exercises such authority; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 2857. An act to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville Na-tional Historical Park, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4119. An act to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4314. An act to require a plan to com-bat international travel by terrorists and foreign fighters, accelerate the transfer of certain border security systems to foreign partner governments, establish minimum international border security standards, au-thorize the suspension of foreign assistance to countries not making significant efforts to comply with such minimum standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 4336. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial in Ar-lington National Cemetery of the cremated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4472. An act to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt a centralized electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H.R. 4742. An act to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepre-neurial programs for women; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. H.R. 4755. An act to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on March 31, 2016, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1180. An act to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes. S. 2393. An act to extend temporarily the extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosures, and eviction, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of March 17, 2016, the fol-lowing reports of committees were sub-mitted on March 28, 2016: By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 806. A bill to amend section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, to recognize hair as an alternative specimen for preemployment and random controlled substances testing of commercial motor vehicle drivers and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–232). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 1335. A bill to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on Feb-ruary 24, 2012, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–233). f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1873. A bill to strengthen accountability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–234). By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 800. A bill to improve, coordinate, and enhance rehabilitation research at the Na-tional Institutes of Health. S. 849. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for systematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological diseases. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute and an amendment to the title: S. 1101. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the regulation of patient records and certain de-cision support software. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2014. A bill to demonstrate a commit-ment to our Nation’s scientists by increasing opportunities for the development of our next generation of researchers. S. 2687. A bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to improve plans of safe care for infants affected by ille-gal substance abuse or withdrawal symp-toms, or a Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. L
ANKFORD , and Mr. H ATCH ): S. 2740. A bill to prohibit the transfer or re-lease of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to state sponsors of terrorism; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BROWN: S. 2741. A bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 to per-mit the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion and the Secretary of Labor to elect not to recoup benefits overpayments; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mrs. MURRAY , Mr. K IRK, and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 2742. A bill to amend title IV of the Pub-lic Health Service Act regarding the na-tional research institutes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. Res. 410. A resolution honoring the ac-complishments and legacy of Cesar Estrada Chavez; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , and Mr. K IRK): S. Res. 411. A resolution expressing support for the goals and ideals of the biennial USA Science & Engineering Festival in Wash-ington, DC, and designating April 11 through April 17, 2016, as ‘‘National Science and Technology Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. Res. 412. A resolution honoring the life and legacy of the Honorable Martin Olav Sabo as an outstanding public servant dedi-cated to the State of Minnesota and the United States; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 192, a bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.007 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1640 April 4, 2016 
services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 579 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 579, a bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors Gen-eral, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 763 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 763, a bill to amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reau-thorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital toward satisfying the 3-day inpatient hospital require-ment for coverage of skilled nursing fa-cility services under Medicare. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health con-ditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health con-ditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
EN-
NET) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require group and indi-vidual health insurance coverage and group health plans to provide for cov-erage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider. S. 1715 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1715, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 400th anniversary of the arrival of the Pil-grims. 
S. 1726 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1726, a bill to create protections for de-pository institutions that provide fi-nancial services to marijuana-related businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1774, a bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to treat Puerto Rico as a State for purposes of chapter 9 of such title relating to the adjust-ment of debts of municipalities. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Fed-eral jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or condi-tions of employment and to provide for stronger remedies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2180 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2180, a bill to amend the Age Dis-crimination in Employment Act of 1967 and other laws to clarify appropriate standards for Federal employment dis-crimination and retaliation claims, and for other purposes. 
S. 2219 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. DAINES ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2219, a bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the out-door recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2283 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2283, a bill to ensure that small busi-ness providers of broadband Internet access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regu-latory requirements. 
S. 2311 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2311, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression. 
S. 2348 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2348, a bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the inno-cent, to prevent DNA analysis back-logs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2358 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2358, a bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out a pilot program to work with municipalities that are seeking to develop and implement inte-grated plans to meet wastewater and stormwater obligations under the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2423 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2423, a bill making appropriations to address the heroin and opioid drug abuse epidemic for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
S. 2438 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2438, a bill to amend titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act to establish a comprehensive and na-tionwide system to evaluate the qual-ity of care provided to beneficiaries of Medicaid and the Children’s Health In-surance Program and to provide incen-tives for voluntary quality improve-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.013 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1641 April 4, 2016 
S. 2468 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2468, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Interior to carry out a 5- year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 2502 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2502, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement inves-tors receive advice in their best inter-ests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2505 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2505, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that re-tirement investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from enti-ties that engage in commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divest-ment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2541 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the names of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2541, a bill to amend the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 to clarify provisions enacted by the Captive Wildlife Safety Act to fur-ther the conservation of prohibited wildlife species. 
S. 2572 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2572, a bill to make dem-onstration grants to eligible local edu-cational agencies or consortia of eligi-ble local educational agencies for the purpose of increasing the numbers of school nurses in public elementary schools and secondary schools. 
S. 2592 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2592, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act by insti-tuting a 180-day waiting period before medical debt will be reported on a con-sumer’s credit report and removing paid-off and settled medical debts from credit reports that have been fully paid or settled, to amend the Fair Debt Col-lection Practices Act by providing for a timetable for verification of medical debt and to increase the efficiency of credit markets with more perfect infor-mation, and for other purposes. S. 2596 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2596, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, perma-nent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same man-ner and to the same extent as retired members of the Armed Forces entitled to such travel. 
S. 2631 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2631, a bill to amend the Residen-tial Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduc-tion Act of 1992 to define environ-mental intervention blood lead level, and for other purposes. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency cannot regulate ve-hicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2662 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2662, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to include in in-come the unrepatriated earnings of groups that include an inverted cor-poration. 
S. 2679 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2679, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to establish within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a center of ex-cellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits. 
S. 2693 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2693, a bill to ensure the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission al-locates its resources appropriately by prioritizing complaints of discrimina-tion before implementing the proposed revision of the employer information report EEO–1, and for other purposes. 
S. 2697 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2697, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and the Portal-to-Portal Act of 1947 to prevent wage theft and assist in the recovery of stolen wages, to au-thorize the Secretary of Labor to ad-minister grants to prevent wage and hour violations, and for other purposes. S. 2705 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2705, a bill to authorize Federal agencies to establish prize competi-tions for innovation or adaptation management development relating to coral reef ecosystems and for other purposes. 
S. 2707 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2707, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to nullify the proposed rule re-garding defining and delimiting the ex-emptions for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and com-puter employees, to require the Sec-retary of Labor to conduct a full and complete economic analysis with im-proved economic data on small busi-nesses, nonprofit employers, Medicare or Medicaid dependent health care pro-viders, and small governmental juris-dictions, and all other employers, and minimize the impact on such employ-ers, before promulgating any substan-tially similar rule, and to provide a rule of construction regarding the sal-ary threshold exemption under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. 
S. 2710 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2710, a bill to increase the participation of historically underrepresented demo-graphic groups in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics edu-cation and industry. 
S. 2716 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2716, a bill to update the oil and gas and mining industry guides of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
S. 2726 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2726, a bill to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes. 
S. 2738 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2738, a bill to amend the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 to re-quire the disclosure of political intel-ligence activities, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for re-strictions on former officers, employ-ees, and elected officials of the execu-tive and legislative branches regarding political intelligence contacts, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 394 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.015 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1642 April 4, 2016 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 394, a resolution recognizing the 195th anni-versary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 410—HON-ORING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND LEGACY OF CESAR ESTRADA CHAVEZ Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. H EINRICH , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 410 Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez was born on March 31, 1927, near Yuma, Arizona; Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez spent his early years on a family farm; Whereas at the age of 10, Cesar Estrada Chavez joined the thousands of migrant farm workers laboring in fields and vineyards throughout the Southwest after a bank fore-closure resulted in the loss of the family farm; Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez, after at-tending more than 30 elementary and middle schools and achieving an eighth grade edu-cation, left school to work full time as a farm worker to help support his family; Whereas at the age of 17, Cesar Estrada Chavez entered the United States Navy and served the United States with distinction for 2 years; Whereas in 1948, Cesar Estrada Chavez re-turned from military service to marry Helen Fabela, whom he had met while working in the vineyards of central California; Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez and Helen Fabela had 8 children; Whereas, as early as 1949, Cesar Estrada Chavez was committed to organizing farm workers to campaign for safe and fair work-ing conditions, reasonable wages, livable housing, and outlawing child labor; Whereas, in 1952, Cesar Estrada Chavez joined the Community Service Organization, a prominent Latino civil rights group, and worked with the organization to coordinate voter registration drives and conduct cam-paigns against discrimination in East Los Angeles; Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez served as the national director of the Community Service Organization; Whereas, in 1962, Cesar Estrada Chavez left the Community Service Organization to es-tablish the National Farm Workers Associa-tion, which eventually became the United Farm Workers of America; Whereas under the leadership of Cesar Estrada Chavez, the United Farm Workers of America organized thousands of migrant farm workers to fight for fair wages, health care coverage, pension benefits, livable hous-ing, and respect; Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez was a strong believer in the principles of non-violence practiced by Mahatma Gandhi and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez effectively used peaceful tactics, including fasting for 25 days in 1968, 25 days in 1972, and 38 days in 1988, to call attention to the terrible working and living conditions of farm workers in the United States; Whereas through his commitment to non-violence, Cesar Estrada Chavez brought dig-nity and respect to organized farm workers and became an inspiration to and a resource for individuals engaged in human rights struggles throughout the world; Whereas the influence of Cesar Estrada Chavez extends far beyond agriculture and provides inspiration for individuals working to better human rights, empower workers, and advance the American Dream, which is for all people of the United States; Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez died on April 23, 1993, at the age of 66, in San Luis, Arizona, only miles from his birthplace; Whereas more than 50,000 individuals at-tended the funeral services of Cesar Estrada Chavez in Delano, California; Whereas Cesar Estrada Chavez was laid to rest at the headquarters of the United Farm Workers of America, known as ‘‘Nuestra Sen˜ora de La Paz’’, located in the Tehachapi Mountains in Keene, California; Whereas since the death of Cesar Estrada Chavez, schools, parks, streets, libraries, and other public facilities, as well as awards and scholarships, have been named in his honor; Whereas more than 10 States and dozens of communities across the United States honor the life and legacy of Cesar Estrada Chavez each year on March 31; Whereas March 31 is recognized as an offi-cial State holiday in California, Colorado, and Texas, and there is growing support to designate the birthday of Cesar Estrada Cha-vez as a national day of service to memori-alize his heroism; Whereas during his lifetime, Cesar Estrada Chavez was a recipient of the Martin Luther King, Jr., Peace Prize; Whereas, on August 8, 1994, Cesar Estrada Chavez was posthumously awarded the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom; Whereas, on October 8, 2012, the President authorized the Secretary of the Interior to establish the Cesar Estrada Chavez National Monument in Keene, California; Whereas the President honored the life and service of Cesar Estrada Chavez by pro-claiming March 31, 2015, to be ‘‘Cesar Chavez Day’’ and by asking all people of the United States to observe March 31 with service, community, and education programs to honor the enduring legacy of Cesar Estrada Chavez; and Whereas the United States should continue the efforts of Cesar Estrada Chavez to ensure equality, justice, and dignity for all people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the accomplishments and ex-ample of Cesar Estrada Chavez, a great hero of the United States; (2) pledges to promote the legacy of Cesar Estrada Chavez; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to commemorate the legacy of Cesar Estrada Chavez and to always remember his great rallying cry: ‘‘≠Si, se puede!’’, which is Spanish for ‘‘Yes, we can!’’, as a symbol of unity and hope for each individual who seeks justice. SENATE RESOLUTION 411—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF THE BI-ENNIAL USA SCIENCE & ENGI-NEERING FESTIVAL IN WASH-INGTON, DC, AND DESIGNATING APRIL 11 THROUGH APRIL 17, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY WEEK’’ Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , and Mr. K IRK) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 411 Whereas science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this pre-amble as ‘‘STEM’’) are essential to the fu-ture global competitiveness of the United States; Whereas advances in technology have re-sulted in significant improvement in the daily life of each individual in the United States; Whereas scientific discoveries are critical to curing diseases, solving global challenges, and an increased understanding of the world; Whereas the future global economy re-quires a workforce that is educated in science and engineering specialties; Whereas educating a new generation of in-dividuals in the United States in STEM is crucial to ensure continued economic growth; Whereas an increase in the interest of the next generation of students in the United States, particularly young women and underrepresented minorities, in STEM is necessary to maintain the global competi-tiveness of the United States; Whereas science and engineering festivals have attracted millions of participants and inspired an effort throughout the United States to promote science and engineering; Whereas thousands of institutions of high-er education, museums, science centers, STEM professional societies, educational so-cieties, government agencies and labora-tories, community organizations, elemen-tary and secondary schools, volunteers, cor-porate and private sponsors, and nonprofit organizations come together to organize the USA Science & Engineering Festival in Washington, DC, during April 2016; Whereas the USA Science & Engineering Festival, through exhibits on topics includ-ing human spaceflight, medicine, engineer-ing, biotechnology, physics, and astronomy— (1) reinvigorates the interest of young indi-viduals in the United States in STEM; and (2) highlights the important contributions of science and engineering to the competi-tiveness of the United States; and Whereas scientific research is essential to the competitiveness of the United States, and an event such as the USA Science & En-gineering Festival promotes the importance of scientific research and development for the future of the United States: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses support for the goals and ideals of the USA Science & Engineering Festival to promote, as the cornerstones of innovation and competition in the United States— (A) scholarship in science; and (B) an interest in scientific research and development; (2) supports a festival, such as the USA Science & Engineering Festival, that focuses on the importance of science and engineering to the daily life of each individual in the United States through exhibits on topics in-cluding human spaceflight, medicine, engi-neering, biotechnology, physics, and astron-omy; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.017 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1643 April 4, 2016 
(3) congratulates each individual or organi-zation the efforts of which make the USA Science & Engineering Festival possible; (4) recognizes that the USA Science & En-gineering Festival highlights the accom-plishments of the United States in science and engineering; (5) encourages each family and child to participate in 1 or more of the activities or exhibits of the USA Science & Engineering Festival, which will occur— (A) in Washington, DC; and (B) across the United States as satellite events; and (6) designates April 11 through April 17, 2016, as ‘‘National Science and Technology Week’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 412—HON-ORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF THE HONORABLE MARTIN OLAV SABO AS AN OUT-STANDING PUBLIC SERVANT DEDICATED TO THE STATE OF MINNESOTA AND THE UNITED STATES Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 412 Whereas Martin Olav Sabo was born on February 28, 1938, in Crosby, North Dakota, and grew up in Alkabo, North Dakota; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo attended Augs-burg College in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and graduated in 1959; Whereas in 1960, at the age of 22 years, Martin Olav Sabo was first elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives and at that time, Martin Olav Sabo was the young-est person ever elected to the Minnesota Legislature; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo served in the Minnesota House of Representatives for 18 years, including— (1) 4 years as minority leader; and (2) 6 years as the first member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party to serve as Speaker of the Minnesota House of Rep-resentatives; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo fought for the historic 1971 ‘‘Minnesota Miracle’’ that changed the way schools and localities were funded; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo was first elect-ed to the House of Representatives in 1978 and he served 28 years as a Member of Con-gress representing the fifth congressional district of Minnesota; Whereas in 1979, as a freshman legislator, Martin Olav Sabo was appointed to serve on the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and he later be-came Ranking Member of the Subcommit-tees on Transportation and Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo— (1) championed investments in roads and bridges, transit systems, aviation infrastruc-ture, railways, nonmotorized corridors, and other transportation projects, including the first light rail transit line in Minnesota (commonly known as the ‘‘Blue Line’’), the Hennepin Avenue bridge, and the Midtown Greenway; and (2) provided critical funding— (A) to foster economic development ini-tiatives; (B) to expand housing opportunities for low- and moderate-income families; (C) to protect the environment; (D) to support law enforcement; (E) to promote agricultural production and research; (F) to establish the Department of Home-land Security; and (G) to strengthen the Department of De-fense; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo served on the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives for 8 years, including— (1) 2 years as Ranking Member; and (2) 2 years as Chairman during the 103rd Congress, a period during which Martin Olav Sabo shepherded through enactment into law on August 10, 1993, the Omnibus Budget Rec-onciliation Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–66), which many contend paved the way to a bal-anced budget in 1998, the first balanced budg-et of the United States since 1969; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo was concerned with the growing disparity between workers at the top of the income ladder and those at the bottom and on October 13, 1993, Martin Olav Sabo introduced H.R. 3278, 103rd Con-gress, entitled the ‘‘Income Equity Act of 1993’’, and Martin Olav Sabo reintroduced that legislation in each subsequent Congress in which he served; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo was a long-time fan of baseball and the Minnesota Twins and wore a Minnesota Twins team uniform each spring as a player on, and the manager of, the Democratic team in the annual congres-sional baseball game; Whereas the Martin Olav Sabo Bridge in Minneapolis, Minnesota, was named after Representative Sabo; Whereas Martin Olav Sabo retired from the House of Representatives in 2006 and later served as— (1) co-chair of the National Transportation Policy Project of the Bipartisan Policy Cen-ter; and (2) a member of the Minnesota Ballpark Authority; and Whereas Martin Olav Sabo will be remem-bered as a strong, civil legislator with an un-derstated demeanor that earned him the rep-utation of being able to work on a bipartisan basis to get things done for the fifth congres-sional district of Minnesota, the State of Minnesota, and the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the life and accomplishments of the Honorable Martin Olav Sabo; (2) remembers the work that Martin Olav Sabo accomplished to balance the Federal budget, improve transportation and housing, and bring attention to the growing disparity between high- and low-wage earners; and (3) recognizes the indelible legacy that Martin Olav Sabo has left on the State of Minnesota and the United States. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 4, 2016, at 5:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Daniel Pedraza, a legal fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
NATIONAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 411, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 411) expressing sup-port for the goals and ideals of the biennial USA Science & Engineering Festival in Washington, DC, and designating April 11 through April 17, 2016, as ‘‘National Science and Technology Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 411) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF THE HONORABLE MARTIN OLAV SABO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 412, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 412) honoring the life and legacy of the Honorable Martin Olav Sabo as an outstanding public servant dedi-cated to the State of Minnesota and the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 412) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04AP6.021 S04APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1644 April 4, 2016 
Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 5; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to H.R. 636; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:12 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, April 5, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. VINCENT K. BROOKS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 601 AND 10502: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JOSEPH L. LENGYEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF THE AIR FORCE RESERVE AND APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE WHILE ASSIGNED TO A PO-SITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 8038: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MARYANNE MILLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. BRADLEY A. HEITHOLD THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS DIRECTOR, AIR NATIONAL GUARD, AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U. S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 10506: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LEON S. RICE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be brigadier general 
COL. KENNETH P. EKMAN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. RONALD R. FRITZEMEIER 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS VICE COMMANDANT OF THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 47: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. CHARLES D. MICHEL 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on April 4, 2016 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
NAVY NOMINATION OF REAR ADM. ELIZABETH L. TRAIN, TO BE VICE ADMIRAL, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON SEPTEMBER 15, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\S04AP6.REC S04AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE381 April 4, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 5, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 6 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–124 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine transpor-tation security, focusing on protecting passengers and freight. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017 for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2700, to update the authorizing provisions re-lating to the workforces of the Na-tional Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration, S. 185, to create a limited population pathway for approval of certain antibacterial drugs, S. 2713, to provide for the imple-mentation of a Precision Medicine Ini-tiative, an original bill entitled, ‘‘NIH Strategic Plan and Inclusion in Clin-ical Research’’, and an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Promoting Biomedical Re-search and Public Health for Patients Act’’. SH–216 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold closed hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2017 for the national intelligence and military intelligence programs. SVC–217 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the unreliability of Federal financial data. SD–608 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy ship-building programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–222 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine Federal dis-aster response and Small Business Ad-ministration implementation of the RISE Act. SR–428A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the stra-tegic implications of the United States debt. SD–419 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2304, to provide for tribal demonstration projects for the integration of early childhood development, education, in-cluding Native language and culture, and related services, for evaluation of those demonstration projects, S. 2468, to require the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a 5-year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, S. 2580, to establish the Indian Education Agency to streamline the administration of Indian education, and S. 2711, to expand opportunity for Native American children through ad-ditional options in education. SD–628 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-land Security To hold hearings to examine research and development efforts at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. SD–138 Committee on Armed Services To receive a closed briefing on the report of the Military Justice Review Group. SR–232A Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine finding a cure, focusing on assessing progress to-ward the goal of ending Alzheimer’s by 2025. SD–106 APRIL 7 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of the Army in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the National Insti-tutes of Health. SD–138 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation, Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Matthew Rhett Jeppson, of Florida, to be Direc-tor of the Mint, both of the Depart-ment of the Treasury, and Lisa M. Fairfax, of Maryland, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, both to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau’s Semi-An-nual Report to Congress. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the United States Geological Survey. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the Federal role in keeping water and wastewater infrastructure affordable. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine a progress report on the West Africa Ebola epi-demic. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to 
amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 2390, to provide adequate pro-tections for whistleblowers at the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation, S. 2613, to reauthorize certain programs estab-lished by the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006, S. 2614, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, and the nomina-tions of Elizabeth J. Drake, of Mary-land, Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massa-chusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, and Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Apr 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M04AP8.000 E04APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE382 April 4, 2016 
10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for Department of De-fense military construction and family housing. SD–124 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 APRIL 12 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the status of innovative technologies in advanced manufacturing. SD–366 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine the strategy and implementation of the Department of Defense’s technology offsets initia-tive in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–222 Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold hearings to examine American small businesses perspectives on Envi-ronmental Protection Agency regu-latory actions. SD–406 APRIL 13 9:30 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the role of environmental policies on access to en-ergy and economic opportunity. SD–406 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2205, to establish a grant program to assist tribal governments in establishing tribal healing to wellness courts, S. 2421, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Cor-poration located in Dillingham, Alas-ka, S. 2564, to modernize prior legisla-tion relating to Dine College, S. 2643, to improve the implementation of the settlement agreement reached between the Pueblo de Cochiti of New Mexico and the Corps of Engineers, and S. 2717, to improve the safety and address the deferred maintenance needs of Indian dams to prevent flooding on Indian res-ervations. SD–628 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–222 APRIL 14 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold joint hearings to examine cur-rent trends and changes in the fixed-in-come markets. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine options for addressing the continuing lack of reliable emergency medical transportation for the isolated commu-nity of King Cove, Alaska. SD–366 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Bureau of Land Management’s pro-posed rule, entitled ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resources Conservation,’’ published in the Federal Register on February 8, 2016. SD–366 APRIL 19 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine challenges and opportunities for oil and gas devel-opment in different price environ-ments. SD–366 APRIL 20 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–232A APRIL 27 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office report on ‘‘Telecommunications: Addi-tional Coordination and Performance Measurement Needed for High-Speed Internet Access Programs on Tribal Lands.’’ SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Apr 04, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M04AP8.000 E04APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D321 Monday, April 4, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S. 1890, Defend Trade Secrets Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1621–S1644 Measures Introduced: Three bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2740–2742, and S. Res. 410–412.
                                                       Page S1639 
Measures Reported: Reported on Monday, March 28, during the ad-journment: S. 806, to amend section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, to recognize hair as an alter-native specimen for preemployment and random con-trolled substances testing of commercial motor vehi-cle drivers and for other purposes, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–232) S. 1335, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012. (S. Rept. No. 114–233) Reported on Monday, April 4: S. 1873, to strengthen accountability for deploy-ment of border security technology at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–234) S. 800, to improve, coordinate, and enhance reha-bilitation research at the National Institutes of Health, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 849, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for systematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neuro-logical diseases, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1101, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the regulation of patient records and certain decision support software, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2014, to demonstrate a commitment to our Nation’s scientists by increasing opportunities for the development of our next generation of research-ers, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 2687, to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to improve plans of safe care for infants affected by illegal substance abuse or with-drawal symptoms, or a Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Dis-order, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                             Page S1639 
Measures Passed: Defend Trade Secrets Act: By a unanimous vote of 87 yeas (Vote No. 39), Senate passed S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                       Pages S1631–36 
National Science and Technology Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 411, expressing support for the goals and ideals of the biennial USA Science & Engi-neering Festival in Washington, DC, and desig-nating April 11 through April 17, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Science and Technology Week’’.
          Page S1643 
Honoring the life and legacy of the Honorable Martin Olav Sabo: Senate agreed to S. Res. 412, honoring the life and legacy of the Honorable Mar-tin Olav Sabo as an outstanding public servant dedi-cated to the State of Minnesota and the United States.
                                                                              Page S1643 
Measures Considered: America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act— Agreement: Senate began consideration of the mo-tion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend increased expensing limitations. 
                                                                      Pages S1622–23, S1636 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04AP6.REC D04APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD322 April 4, 2016 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Wednesday, April 6, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S1636 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, April 5, 2016.
       Pages S1643–44 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S1644 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S1644 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1638 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S1638–39 Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S1639 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1639–42 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1642–43 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1643 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1643 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—39)
                                                           Pages S1635–36 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3:00 p.m. and adjourned at 6:12 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 5, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1644.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in Pro Forma session at 3:30 p.m. on Monday, April 11, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of S. Con. Res. 34. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D241) 
H.R. 1755, to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congres-sional charter of the Disabled American Veterans. Signed on March 18, 2016. (Public Law 114–135) S. 1172, to improve the process of presidential transition. Signed on March 18, 2016. (Public Law 114–136) S. 1580, to allow additional appointing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certifi-cates. Signed on March 18, 2016. (Public Law 114–137) S. 1826, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colo-nel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office. Signed on March 18, 2016. (Public Law 114–138) S. 2426, to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization. Signed on March 18, 2016. (Public Law 114–139) H.R. 1831, to establish the Commission on Evi-dence-Based Policymaking. Signed on March 30, 2016. (Public Law 114–140) H.R. 4721, to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport im-provement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund. Signed on March 30, 2016. (Public Law 114–141) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\D04AP6.REC D04AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D323 April 4, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, to hold hearings to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fis-cal year 2017 for the Federal Communications Commis-sion, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine opportunities and benefits for military veterans in agriculture, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine army modernization in review of the Defense Authoriza-tion Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, to hold hearings to examine state and public shipyards to meet current mission needs and investment strategies to support future national security requirements in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the effects of consumer finance regulations, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine issues facing U.S.-affiliated islands and S. 2360, to improve the administration of cer-tain programs in the insular areas, S. 2360, to improve the administration of certain programs in the insular areas, S. 2610, to approve an agreement between the United States and the Republic of Palau, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine recent Iranian actions and implementation of the nu-clear deal, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine terror in Europe, focusing on safeguarding U.S. citizens at home and abroad, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hear-ings to examine Section 5, focusing on methods of com-petition, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-trol: to hold hearings to examine if the Department of Justice is adequately protecting the public from the im-pact of state recreational marijuana legalization, 10 a.m., SD–226. House No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of April 5 through April 8, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: April 5, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2017 for the Federal Communications Commission, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. April 5, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agen-cies, to hold hearings to examine opportunities and bene-fits for military veterans in agriculture, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. April 6, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Forest Service, 10 a.m., SD–124. April 6, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold closed hearings to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the na-tional intelligence and military intelligence programs, 10:30 a.m., SVC–217. April 6, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine research and devel-opment efforts at the Department of Homeland Security, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. April 7, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Na-tional Institutes of Health, 10 a.m., SD–138. April 7, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for Department of Defense military construction and family housing, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: April 5, to hold hearings to examine United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possi-bility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. April 5, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine army modernization in review of the Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04AP6.REC D04APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD324 April 4, 2016 Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. April 5, Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, to hold hearings to examine state and public shipyards to meet current mission needs and investment strategies to support future national security requirements in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. April 6, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2 p.m., SR–222. April 6, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on the report of the Military Justice Review Group, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. April 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the Department of the Army in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: April 5, to hold hearings to examine the effects of consumer fi-nance regulations, 10 a.m., SD–538. April 7, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be In-spector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Matthew Rhett Jeppson, of Florida, to be Director of the Mint, both of the Department of the Treasury, and Lisa M. Fairfax, of Maryland, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, both to be a Member of the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission; to be immediately fol-lowed by a hearing to examine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Semi-Annual Report to Congress, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: April 6, to hold hearings to ex-amine the unreliability of Federal financial data, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: April 6, to hold hearings to examine transportation security, fo-cusing on protecting passengers and freight, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: April 5, to hold an oversight hearing to examine issues facing U.S.- affiliated islands and S. 2360, to improve the administra-tion of certain programs in the insular areas, S. 2360, to improve the administration of certain programs in the in-sular areas, S. 2610, to approve an agreement between the United States and the Republic of Palau, 10 a.m., SD–366. April 7, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the United States Geological Survey, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: April 6, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. April 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the Federal role in keeping water and wastewater infra-structure affordable, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: April 5, to hold hearings to examine recent Iranian actions and implementation of the nuclear deal, 10 a.m., SD–419. April 6, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the strategic implications of the United States debt, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. April 7, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine a progress report on the West Africa Ebola epidemic, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: April 6, business meeting to consider S. 2700, to update the authorizing provisions relating to the workforces of the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, S. 185, to create a limited population path-way for approval of certain antibacterial drugs, S. 2713, to provide for the implementation of a Precision Medicine Initiative, an original bill entitled, ‘‘NIH Strategic Plan and Inclusion in Clinical Research’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Promoting Biomedical Research and Public Health for Patients Act’’, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: April 5, to hold hearings to examine terror in Europe, fo-cusing on safeguarding U.S. citizens at home and abroad, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: April 6, to hold hearings to examine S. 2304, to provide for tribal demonstration projects for the integration of early childhood develop-ment, education, including Native language and culture, and related services, for evaluation of those demonstration projects, S. 2468, to require the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a 5-year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, S. 2580, to establish the Indian Education Agency to streamline the administration of Indian edu-cation, and S. 2711, to expand opportunity for Native American children through additional options in edu-cation, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Judiciary: April 5, Subcommittee on Anti-trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to examine Section 5, focusing on methods of competition, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. April 7, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 2390, to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, S. 2613, to reau-thorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, S. 2614, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with au-tism, and the nominations of Elizabeth J. Drake, of Maryland, Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, and Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04AP6.REC D04APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D325 April 4, 2016 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: April 6, to hold hearings to examine Federal disaster response and Small Business Administration implementation of the RISE Act, 2 p.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: April 5, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. April 7, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to ex-amine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: April 6, to hold hearings to examine finding a cure, focusing on assessing progress to-ward the goal of ending Alzheimer’s by 2025, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-trol: April 5, to hold hearings to examine if the Depart-ment of Justice is adequately protecting the public from the impact of state recreational marijuana legalization, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House Committees No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04AP6.REC D04APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD326 April 4, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 3:30 p.m., Monday, April 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House is scheduled to meet in Pro Forma session at 3:30 p.m. on Monday, April 11, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of S. Con. Res. 34. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Apr 05, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04AP6.REC D04APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST