Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5503 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 2016 No. 140 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER Dr. Ted Traylor, Olive Baptist Church, Pensacola, Florida, offered the following prayer: Lord, God, the great I am, we confess and acknowledge today that it all comes from You. You have made us and not we ourselves. Our very breath is from You, and our sustenance, happi-ness, and existence as a nation. Unto You we give thanks, Almighty God. Thank You for this wonderful land called the United States of America. Thank You for our liberty and all who defend it. Thank You for our rule of law and all who keep it, and we pray Your safety on those that enforce it this day. Lord, forgive us and deliver us from any sort of reliance on ourselves. For-give us when we become proud and self- righteous with hearts as hard as stone. Thank You for Your forgiveness when we call upon Your name. Lord, I would beg You today that You would send spiritual awakening in our Nation. I pray, God, that You would bless America and that America would, indeed, bless You. And now, God of all wisdom, I bring our Representatives before You. Re-fresh each of them with Your mercy for the day ahead. Cause truth and justice to triumph over personal preference, and direct every decision of this body. I am keenly aware that they also have individual needs, and we pray that by Your favor, You will help them as they carry their personal burdens as well as the burden of a nation. I ask all of this through the merits of Jesus Christ, Your son and our Savior. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. LOWENTHAL led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING DR. TED TRAYLOR The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to welcome to the House today Dr. Ted Traylor, who has been the pastor at Olive Baptist Church since 1990. His weekly radio and tele-vision ministry, ‘‘At the Heart of Things,’’ reaches thousands of homes along the Gulf Coast and through weekly podcasts and streaming. Dr. Traylor’s bold and practical preaching brings people to a fresh understanding of God’s Word and challenges them to become bondservants for Christ. He is known for his uncompromising stand on Biblical issues and strong de-fense of the Christian faith. He has preached extensively throughout the United States in conferences and reviv-als. Emanuel University in Oradea, Ro-mania, has honored him by placing his name on the chair of Pastoral Leader-ship. Dr. Traylor’s family is his proudest accomplishment. He has been married to his beautiful wife, Liz, for 38 years. They have two children, Rachel and Bennett. Rachel is married to Brad Hinote, and they have two daughters, Kathryn and Elizabeth. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
THE NUMBERS (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have tried, through words, to demonstrate the severity of our country’s mental health crisis. Today I will try it again with numbers: 67,130, the number of Americans who have died from mental health issues since we passed the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act; 0.006 percent, the percentage of Americans who will suffer from addic-tion and are able to get help. That is six out of every 1,000; 1,625, the number of Americans who have died by suicide since September 1, the first day of Suicide Prevention Month. A final question as we close the week. If the Senate adjourns without passing H.R. 2646 to be signed into law, what clumsy, beltway babble will be used to comfort the thousands of fami-lies who will be told, ‘‘We just didn’t have time’’? No words, no excuses work to bring someone back from the dead. Where there is no help, there is no hope. 
f 
TRANSPARENCY AROUND ENERGY PRODUCTION (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE7.000 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5504 September 15, 2016 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, al-most a quarter of the United States’ energy-related greenhouse gas emis-sions are from fossil fuels that are pro-duced from our Federal lands and waters. However, recent Government Accountability Office reports show that we don’t have very good data on much of these emissions, including the methane gas that is released that is leaked, vented, and flared. The first step on the path to reducing carbon pollution is simply to know what we are dealing with: What are the greenhouse gas emissions, and where are they coming from? That is why I am pleased to introduce a common-sense, bipartisan bill with my friends in the Climate Solutions Caucus and the congressional Safe Climate Caucus, which would simply require the De-partment of the Interior to calculate and publish, online, the amount of cli-mate-damaging greenhouse gas pollu-tion from oil, gas, and coal extracted from our Federal lands and waters. I urge the chairman of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources to move swiftly to hold a hearing on this bipar-tisan bill and provide the American people with the transparency around energy production that they deserve. 
f 
PHYSICIAN SHORTAGES (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, a recent study in the American Medical Asso-ciation found that, in the next 10 years, we could be facing a shortage of over 100,000 physicians. To help combat this extreme doctor shortage, I have intro-duced the GO MED Act. My bill would implement a program to reallocate unused medical residency slots paid for by Medicare on a rolling basis to States feeling the worst effects of the physician shortage. It is widely accepted that where medical residents learn, they stay and practice. But in 2014, Medicare only paid for 137 residency slots in my State; where-as, the top 25 States average over 3,000 positions. That is because of an out-dated system. We don’t have opportuni-ties for students to stay in Nevada. Nevada isn’t the only State getting shortchanged. The top five States re-ceiving funds through this program ac-count for nearly half of what is spent annually. If we are serious about addressing ac-cess to care, my bill is a step in the right direction. 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Moultrie, Georgia, May 15, 2016: Jordan Croft, 22 years old; Reid Williams, 21; Jones Pidcock, 21; Jonathan Edwards, 21; Alicia Norman, 20. Vallejo, California, February 11, 2013: Oscar Garcia, 22 years old. Jackson, Mississippi, March 7, 2013: Ronald Williams, 33 years old; Kendra Hill, 28. New Port Richey, Florida, February 9, 2015: Louis Wayne Lunceford, 44 years old; Shane Newland, 42; Justin Huckeby, 25. Fremont, Ohio, March 9, 2014: Ramiro Sanchez, 28 years old; Police Officer Jose Andy Chavez, 26; Daniel Ramirez, 25. Douglasville, Georgia, February 7, 2015: Latoya Andrews, 33 years old; Joseph Terry Brown, 33; Jeremiah Andrews, 9; London Andrews, 7. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO HOWARD AREA LIONS CLUB (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late the Howard Area Lions Club lo-cated in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District. The Howard Area Lions Club recently celebrated their 40th anniversary. The club has consistently earned the rec-ognition as the largest Lions Club in Pennsylvania. There are probably many factors that have led them to this title, but none more significant than their commitment to the Lions Club motto, ‘‘We serve.’’ The members of this club have served as the chartering organization for How-ard Scout Troop 353. I have been hon-ored to serve as a Scoutmaster of their troop since they first assumed this re-sponsibility. The Howard Area Lions operates a food bank that provides access to food for those struggling to make ends meet, including driving food to those individuals that have limited transpor-tation. Very few community needs are addressed in the local community where the Lions are not a part of the solution. Mr. Speaker, as a fellow Lion, I am honored to offer my congratulations to the members of the Howard Area Lions Club. I am confident they will continue to serve the needs of their neighbors and communities. 
f 
WE ARE UNWAVERING IN SUPPORT OF ISRAEL (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I stand in support of the bilateral mili-tary aid package agreed upon by our Nation and the State of Israel this week. Israel, our greatest ally in the Middle East, faces threats from all sides: shells from Syria are landing in the Golan Heights; Hamas terrorists are stockpiling weapons in Gaza; Hezbollah fighters are gathering in Lebanon; and ISIL is fighting for control of the Sinai. Yet, surrounded by this chaos and terror, Israel is still dedicated to de-mocracy, liberty, and justice—the same ideals we live by as Americans. This is why our relationship is so strong and why we must continue to support Israel’s right to exist as a Jew-ish state. This aid agreement makes it crystal clear to our enemies and allies that we are unwavering in our support for Israel and will help defend them against all who threaten their sov-ereignty. f 
ZIKA REGISTRY PROGRAM FOR WOMEN AND INFANTS (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, yester-day I introduced the pregnancy and in-fant Zika registry. This bill will estab-lish a CDC registry program for preg-nant women and will track infants up to the age of 5 so that researchers can get a better understanding of the Zika impact. This registry will collect information on pregnancy and infant outcomes fol-lowing laboratory evidence of Zika virus infection during pregnancy. The data collected will be used to update recommendations for clinical care, to plan for services for pregnant women and families affected by the Zika virus, and to improve prevention of Zika virus infection during pregnancy. I invite all my Floridian colleagues and fellow Members to cosponsor this bill. It is a responsible tool to increase our knowledge of Zika and help in-crease the quality and standard of care for patients. 
f 
END HUNGER NOW (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as we recognize September as Hunger Action Month, I rise to draw attention to the widespread problem of hunger among teenagers. While our Nation’s recovery is pro-gressing, 7 million teens remain food insecure, and we know they often face additional hardships. Today the Urban Institute is briefing Members of Con-gress and their staff on two new reports that highlight these circumstances and explore how teens cope with hunger. Among a number of troubling conclu-sions, the report finds that teens fear the stigma of being hungry and often refuse to accept food or assistance. They skip meals and sometimes turn to dangerous behaviors just so their par-ents or siblings can eat. They often feel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.002 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5505 September 15, 2016 
the need to bear the responsibility for feeding their families. Teenagers deserve a normal child-hood. They should be focused on school and developing their passions, not wor-rying about where their next meal is coming from. I encourage all of my col-leagues to read these reports and join me in working to end hunger now. 
f 
b0915 PROHIBITING THE TRANSFER OF ANY DETAINEE AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUAN-TANAMO BAY, CUBA Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 863, I call up the bill (H.R. 5351) to prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 863, the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–744 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5351 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PROHIBITION ON ANY TRANSFER OF ANY INDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise available for any department or agency of the United States Government may be used during the period specified in subsection (b) to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions, or to any foreign country or entity, of any individual detained at Guanta-namo. (b) S
PECIFIED PERIOD .—The period specified in this subsection is the period that— (1) begins on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) ends on the earlier of— (A) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing appropriations for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017; or (B) January 21, 2017. (c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ means an individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of Octo-ber 1, 2009, who— (1) is not a national of the United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)) or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ) and the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. SMITH) will each control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5351. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 5351 offered by Mrs. W
ALORSKI  of Indiana. H.R. 5351 would temporarily suspend the transfer of detainees held at the de-tention facility at Naval Station Guan-tanamo Bay. Under this bill, the sus-pension would last until either the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for the next fiscal year becomes law or until the new President takes office on January 21, 2017. Mr. Speaker, the circumstances of the last several months have brought the need for such legislation to light. In 2009, a special panel convened by the Obama administration evaluated every detainee then at GTMO. The Obama administration made it clear at the time that it was lawful for some detainees to be held, without charges, pursuant to the laws of war. Such de-tainees, the Obama administration be-lieved, included those who had a ‘‘sig-nificant organizational role with al Qaeda, the Taliban, or associated forces.’’ Other detainees, the Obama administration believed, should con-tinue to be lawfully held in 2009 in-cluded those who had ‘‘advanced train-ing or experience,’’ a ‘‘history of asso-ciations with extremist activity,’’ or had ‘‘expressed recidivist intent.’’ In other cases, the Obama adminis-tration has recommended that certain detainees be prosecuted and some sent to other countries. But even for those GTMO detainees to be sent elsewhere, the Obama administration noted that the United States had the legal author-ity to hold these detainees, and the de-tainees could still be threatening. The Obama administration argued then and since that a few selected de-tainees could be transferred to other countries from GTMO only if ‘‘fea-sible’’ and ‘‘appropriate’’ security measures could be instituted to miti-gate the dangers posed by these very threatening individuals. Mr. Speaker, this is precisely why this legislation is needed. Since January, the Obama adminis-tration has sent 46 detainees from GTMO to other countries. In August alone, 15 detainees were transferred. I worry that whatever arrangements might exist in the receiving countries will be woefully insufficient to keep the danger at bay. I am concerned that these detainees will again threaten the United States or our partners, just as other detainees have done. I fear de-tainees are being hurriedly moved from GTMO in order to fulfill an 8-year-old campaign promise to close GTMO. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a sensible and sound response. Today, there are 61 detainees in GTMO. The Obama administration has made it clear that at least 20 of these detainees should be sent elsewhere. H.R. 5351 prevents any GTMO de-tainee transfers for the next several months. The bill prohibits GTMO transfers to the United States or to other countries until the National De-fense Authorization Act for this fiscal year takes effect or until the new ad-ministration assumes office, whichever happens first. This means the new President will be able to consider anew the grave risks which GTMO transfers pose. It will also mean that the new ad-ministration will know how the provi-sions of a bipartisan National Defense Authorization Act will govern its ac-tions. The United States military notes that it is ‘‘committed to ensuring de-tainees are kept in a safe, secure, hu-mane environment’’ at GTMO. It also reports that ‘‘intelligence gained at GTMO has prevented terrorist attacks and saved lives.’’ A pause in GTMO transfers prevents rash and sudden ac-tions to empty GTMO on an arbitrary and self-imposed deadline. Mr. Speaker, that is why I strongly support H.R. 5351, and I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. The gentleman from Virginia de-scribed very well the process that the Obama administration put in place in 2009. It was a significant improvement. The real problem that we had with Guantanamo was, when it was origi-nally conceived as a place to hold de-tainees under the law of war, there were, at one point, nearly 800 detainees there. A lot of them were brought there without much in the way of vetting or assurances that they were, in fact, threats. In fact, under the Bush admin-istration, well over 500 of those detain-ees were released, and there really wasn’t much of a process. Somewhere in the neighborhood of over 20 percent of those detainees did return to the battlefield and did present a threat to the country. There simply wasn’t a process. So, as Mr. F
ORBES described quite well, in 2009, the Obama administration put in place a process. At the time, there were 242 detainees remaining in Guantanamo Bay. The process they put in place was to go through every single one of them and say: Who are these people? What is their threat level? They evaluated all of them and put them into different categories. They determined that some were not a threat and could be released. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.003 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5506 September 15, 2016 
Regrettably, something we don’t like to talk about, as I sort of alluded to earlier, is that a number of these peo-ple were picked up erroneously, either with the wrong name or the wrong in-formation, and we really didn’t have any evidence on them, or the evidence we thought we had turned out to be wrong. A fair number of these detain-ees were being held really for no good reason, so they tried to determine who those were. Now, there are also some very, very bad people at Guantanamo Bay. As Mr. F
ORBES also indicated, the President reaffirmed our right under the law of war to hold those people, and I support that very strongly. But what the Obama administration has done to get that number down to 61 is they have transferred the ones that a board of de-fense, intelligence, security, and Jus-tice Department experts had deter-mined were not a threat to the United States and were transferable. The prob-lem that came up was: Transferable, but to where? Who would take these people? Then, there was the last provision that Mr. F
ORBES also mentioned. Wher-ever they were transferred to, the Obama administration wanted to make sure that there were some assurances from those countries that they would look after those folks, hold them se-curely, and make sure that they were not a threat. So that is what has got us down to the 61 number is the release of detain-ees that this board, again, of defense, intelligence, Justice Department, and security experts determined were not a threat to the United States and were transferable. Now, of that number, since 2009, that returned—at this point, I think just this morning, two more detainees were determined to have returned to the battlefield; for the most part, this is return to fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan—is still a number around 6 percent of all folks that have been re-leased from Guantanamo Bay, under the Obama administration, that have been deemed to have returned to the battlefield. The previous group, under the Bush administration, was some-where between 20 and 30 percent, de-pending on how it was calculated. So, they have done a very careful job of who should be vetted and where they should be transferred to. Of the 61 that are left, there are 20 that are currently eligible for transfer. There are 10 in the military commis-sion system and 31 others that are re-served for continued law of war deten-tion. The Obama administration is of the opinion that there are only 20 of the re-maining 61 that are potentially trans-ferable. They have been vetted through this very lengthy process that I have described that has been successful to the point that, again, only 6 percent have been deemed to have returned to the battlefield. What this bill would do is stop this President, frankly, from being Presi-dent on this issue for the last however many months there are left in his ad-ministration. If, in fact, we can find se-cure places to transfer these 20, then it is the right thing to do, and the Presi-dent ought to be allowed to do it. There is no reason to stop him from doing it. Now, the argument that you will hear repeatedly from the other side is: we can’t take the chance. Yes, they have been vetted; yes, the percentage is low; but this person might do some-thing bad if we release them. I would suggest that that turns the American justice system on its head. There are a whole lot of people walking the streets in this country who might do something bad. You do all kinds of analyses to determine that they might. Maybe we should lock them up, no trial, no process, no nothing, and say: look, better safe than sorry. But that is not the way we do things. Now, we do have a process here. And there are some that, under the law of war, are determined to be dangerous. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield myself an additional 1 minute. Once we have determined that they are not a threat, under our opinion, and are transferable, to say, look, sorry, we are just going to hold you be-cause we want to, is really a violation of the U.S. Constitution and due proc-ess of law. To hold this process up even for a few months is not necessary. As I said, we are talking about 20 people that the Obama administration is trying to de-termine if they can find a safe place to send them. This is not about closing Guanta-namo. I strongly support closing Guan-tanamo. I will skip that argument for the purpose of this debate. That is not going to happen. We have had votes on the House floor. There is not support in Congress for it. There is a prohibition in law that continues to be in law on transferring any of those detainees to the United States or spending any money to detain them in the United States. So it is not going to happen. The question really is about the 20 people who have been deemed not to be security threats to the U.S., who have been deemed to be transferable, and whether or not we can transfer them. This bill would say ‘‘no’’ and would hold those 20 people for the next 5 or 6 months, regardless of the evidence and regardless of the vetting process. Now, it is possible these 20 people won’t be transferred, that we won’t find a country for them, but there is no reason to strip the President of his lawful authority to do that. Again, I want to emphasize that the Obama administration has gone through a careful vetting process, un-like the Bush administration, so I don’t think we should interfere with that vetting process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), my friend and colleague who has done such a great job in working this piece of legislation. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express strong support for my bill, H.R. 5351, which would prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at Guantanamo Bay. Mr. Speaker, last night, the news broke that two more former GTMO de-tainees have rejoined militant groups. This is just the latest case of GTMO de-tainees being released, only to return to the fight. In fact, the President’s own Director of National Intelligence reports 30 percent of former detainees are known or suspected to have re-engaged in terrorist activities. Yet, the President continues to release more and more detainees. When President Obama came to of-fice, there were 240 detainees at GTMO. The number is now down to 61, after the most recent and largest ever trans-fer last month. Another 20 have been cleared for transfer. When Hoosiers in my district hear these numbers, they worry that these transfers are leaving our Nation open to new vulnerabilities and will make Americans less safe. I could not agree more. While I wish we didn’t have to stand here debating this bill, it is an unfortu-nate reality that our President re-mains willing to continue putting a misguided campaign promise ahead of the national security. Why else would detainees, who were once deemed too dangerous to transfer by President Obama’s own GTMO task force, have been released to begin with? That is what happened with 8 of the detainees who were part of the largest- ever transfer of GTMO detainees last month. The task force’s recommenda-tion was reversed. These dangerous de-tainees were redesignated as safe for transfer, and they were sent to the United Arab Emirates. With all this in mind, it was, sadly, no surprise when, in March of this year, Mr. Paul Lewis, the President’s Special Envoy for Guantanamo Clo-sure, testified in front of the House Foreign Affairs Committee that ‘‘Americans have died because of GTMO detainees.’’ What else will it take for the Presi-dent to change course on this flawed campaign promise? As a recently released, unclassified report on Guantanamo detainees high-lighted, the individuals remaining at GTMO today represent truly the worst of the worst of the post-9/11 era. These are hardened terrorists. These are al Qaeda bomb makers, bodyguards, plot-ters, and recruiters. Among them is Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the master-mind of the September 11 attacks. Americans are safer with these dan-gerous detainees securely locked up. b0930 I have been to GTMO. I have seen our military, the greatest fighting force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.005 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5507 September 15, 2016 
the world has ever seen, standing guard to protect the American people from those who would do us harm. I know the GTMO facility is the safest, most secure place for these detainees. But this isn’t just about the terror-ists themselves. There are also signifi-cant concerns about the capacity and the capabilities of the countries receiv-ing these transfers and the adequacy and transparency of the agreements being made by their governments. Take, for example, the recent case of a former detainee who was released to Uruguay, but sparked an international manhunt after he disappeared shortly before the Rio Summer Olympics; or the former detainee who was trans-ferred to Sudan, a state sponsor of ter-rorism, and reappeared in Yemen as a leader of the al Qaeda affiliate there. It is clear these individuals desire to return to the battlefield, and that the countries receiving them may not have adequate resources to effectively track and monitor their whereabouts and ac-tivities. Unfortunately, despite repeated in-quiries of the administration, we, as Members of Congress, still don’t know much about the commitments our gov-ernment has or gets from these coun-tries. We don’t know what, if any, pen-alties have been levied against coun-tries that lose track of our former de-tainees. Transparency is long overdue. That is why I authored this language in this year’s National Defense Authorization budget that would require complete written agreements for any transfers between countries to be shared with the appropriate congressional over-sight committees. To those who may have concerns about my bill, I want to be clear what this legislation does and does not do. First and foremost, this legislation would not enact a permanent, lasting ban. What it does do is halt transfers until either this year’s NDAA is signed into law or until President Obama leaves office on January 20, 2017. Mr. Speaker, as recently as last week, we heard the President say that he was ‘‘not ready to concede’’ that he cannot close GTMO before leaving of-fice. The week before, we heard a simi-lar message from Vice President B
IDEN. With President Obama’s time in of-fice winding down, accelerating trans-fers to achieve a campaign promise puts Americans at risk. I am grateful to stand here with the national security leaders in this House on this bill, and to remind the Amer-ican people that our first priority is the safety and security of our fellow Americans. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important legislation. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill that would block all transfers out of Guantanamo for the remainder of the year or until the end of the President’s current term. This bill would, for the first time ever, impose a complete ban on all transfers out of Guantanamo. Not only would the bill block all transfers of Guantanamo detainees to the United States, even for purposes of prosecu-tion in Federal court, but it would also ban the resettlement or repatriation of detainees cleared by the United States for transfer to foreign countries. The bill would be effective until the earlier of January 21, 2017, or the effec-tive date of the next National Defense Authorization Act. To quote the ACLU: ‘‘This bill vio-lates the bedrock constitutional prohi-bition on Congress passing any legisla-tion that violates the Constitution’s Bill of Attainder Clause.’’ In effect, it finds all the inmates at Guantanamo guilty of something un-specified, without trial, and sentences them to life without parole. That is what this bill does, along with the other series of bills. But by saying you can’t transfer anybody anywhere, you are saying they must remain there in-definitely whether they have been tried or not, whether they have been found guilty or not, whether our own experts think they are a threat to the United States or not. Even if we find that someone is factually not guilty of any act of terrorism or anything else and we have no right to hold them, we still cannot release them. By what right do we claim such a power? Since when is it okay for Mem-bers of Congress to put people in jail and keep them there who are not guilty of anything? How can an American legislative body pass a provision that says we will hold someone in jail forever not only without trial, but even if we have de-termined that he is innocent of every-thing? That is the basic argument here. This bill, the idea that we will keep people in jail forever without their having been found guilty of anything, without their having been tried, it makes a mockery of the American Constitution. It makes a mockery of all our pre-tenses to stand for liberty. It makes a mockery of habeas corpus. This would even say that if someone were granted a writ of habeas corpus, he could not be released even if a Court granted him a writ of habeas corpus. Plainly unconstitutional, not to men-tion immoral. I will say one other thing on a com-pletely different level. This expires ei-ther when we pass the next NDAA or when the next President takes office. It says, in effect, this President is not really our President, for all practical purposes, for every practical purpose. He was elected by the American people 4 years ago, but we don’t like him, so we are going to say he can’t do certain things that his successor can do. We are going to put something in writing only for this President. Now, if this said this expires when the next NDAA is passed or it expires a year from now or whenever, that would be one thing. But this says the NDAA or when the next President takes of-fice. In other words, very much like the Senate is doing with Judge Garland. We don’t trust the President. Maybe we don’t. That is a political decision, but it is not a right decision. We don’t trust the President to act as President. We repudiate the judgment the American people made in the last election. We say that, for certain pur-poses, his term has expired and we will wait for the next President. That also is pernicious and against our constitutional values. On every level, this bill is probably unconstitu-tional and certainly immoral, and I op-pose it. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. WIL-
SON), my friend and colleague. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I thank Chairman R
ANDY FORBES . Mr. Speaker, when I was first elected, one of the first persons to greet me was my classmate of 2001, Chairman R
ANDY  F
ORBES . From the beginning, I saw what a gentleman he was, what a dedi-cated Member of Congress he has been. I so appreciate his leadership on behalf of national defense, promoting peace through strength. Additionally, he and his wife, Shir-ley, are stalwart Christians, promoting religious freedom successfully around the world, making a difference. I am grateful to be an original co-sponsor of H.R. 5351, prohibiting the transfer of Guantanamo detainees. In-troduced by Congresswoman J
ACKIE  W
ALORSKI , this further protects Amer-ican families by halting the transfer of any detainee to any location. During the August recess, sadly, the administration released 15 more dan-gerous detainees from Guantanamo Bay. The prisoners that are being held there—and I have been to Guantanamo Bay twice, I know the professionalism of the American military—these are the co-conspirators of Osama Bin Laden, trained mass murderers. By holding them there, we show our re-solve and that we have not forgotten the mass murderous attacks of Sep-tember 11. The President’s reckless release of detainees puts American servicemem-bers and families at risk. The deter-rence of incarceration has never been more important. We, today, have a greater spread of terrorist safe havens than in the his-tory of the world. From Algeria in North Africa, through the Middle East, through South Asia, all the way to In-donesia and the Philippines, these safe havens of Islamic terrorists are going to receive persons to come and be rein-forcements. In March, the Director of National Intelligence reported that at least 116 detainees, nearly a third, released from Guantanamo have returned to the bat-tlefield. What we have further is Reu-ters reports that more have returned to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.007 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5508 September 15, 2016 
the battlefield to threaten and kill American families. I appreciate the leadership of Con-gresswoman W
ALORSKI of Indiana, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In the prime sponsor of this bill’s re-marks, there are a whole lot of sort of half-truths and assumptions that got jammed together that don’t actually make sense and are not actually the facts that are before us to paint a very dark picture that isn’t what we are dealing with. Let me just run through those. We heard that 30 percent of the peo-ple have returned to the battlefield or are suspected to have returned to the battlefield. That 30 percent figure re-lies, again, on the folks that were re-leased before the Obama administra-tion when, again, quite frankly, people were picked up in a very haphazard manner and released in a very hap-hazard manner. Since 2009, since the Obama adminis-tration did the vetting process of all of these people, the actual rate of people who have been deemed to have re-turned to the battlefield, even with the two that were counted this morning, is 5.6 percent. So when you hear 30 per-cent—oh my gosh, 30 percent of these people are returning to the battlefield; how can we release them—that is not the number. Okay? Now, you can argue about the 5.6 if you want, but let’s at least get the number right. Since the Obama admin-istration did the proper vetting proc-ess, the number is 5.6 percent to have been confirmed to have returned to the battlefield, including the two that were added this morning. It is also worth noting that when we say the ones that are left are the worst of the worst, there is truth in that. Ob-viously, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed would fall right up at the top of that; and 41 of the folks who are there do fall into that category of the worst of the worst. None of those 41 have been cleared for transfer. What we are talking about is the 20 who have been cleared for transfer, and the President—those are the people that President Obama has released and repatriated to other countries over the course of the last 7 years, are people who have been cleared for transfer; with one exception, which I am sure will come up at some point, and that was in the prisoner swap for Bowe Bergdahl. And we can relitigate that argument as well, but that has really got nothing to do with what is going on here. There, the President made a decision to transfer five people that had not been cleared for transfer in exchange for our captured member of the mili-tary. So except for that situation, all of these people who have been released have been vetted and cleared. Lastly, I just want to—well, not last-ly, actually two more things. The most disturbing thing that was said was that these people who have been released are people who, at one time, were sus-pected of being dangerous, and that is true. They wouldn’t have been there if they weren’t suspected of being dan-gerous. But it turns out in these cases we were wrong. And you can go back through the history of post-9/11, you can find a number of instances when we were wrong. I remember right after 9/11 there was a doctor in San Antonio who had done a whole bunch of suspicious things, and everybody was absolutely convinced that this guy was tied in with al Qaeda. He was held for an extended period of time, and then people looked into it and they said: Oops, sorry, we got the wrong guy. We are going to let you go. That happens, and I don’t blame law enforcement in the least bit for that. It is a difficult job. In this case, when you are talking about terrorists, you should err on the side of caution. If you have probable cause, you should pick somebody up and you should be sure. But now what this side is saying, once you have been suspected, even if it turns out that you were completely wrong in that suspicion: Sorry, we are just going to lock you up for the rest of your life without due process or a pos-sibility of trial. That is unbelievably unconstitu-tional and just flat wrong. Yes, these people were suspected. They wouldn’t be in Guantanamo if they weren’t. But what was determined was that, of those people who were sus-pected, a number of them turned out we were wrong. And of the ones that are left, there are 20 out of the 61 that are eligible for transfer. Now, again, finding the right country to send them to, it might not happen. All right. So no one is talking about releasing the worst of the worst. The President has made it clear those 41 are not transferrable. We are talking about the 20 that have been deemed to be transferrable. Just because you were suspected at one point, I would hate to think that we would have a country that says: If you are suspected of a crime, sorry, we are going to lock you up and that is it, even if evidence later shows that we were wrong. That is not the way we should do things in law enforcement. Lastly, we have heard that this is all about a campaign promise to close Guantanamo. Again, this has nothing to do with closing Guantanamo. Now, the President and the Vice President are reluctant to give up on what they think is the right policy, closing Guantanamo Bay. So until they leave office, they are not just going to say: We are not going to do it. They think it is important. Again, I won’t relitigate that argument, but there are people who feel passionately that it is the right thing to do. But that is not what we are talking about doing here. We are talking about 20 people who have been deemed not to be a threat to the United States that we are, none-theless, incarcerating, and the Presi-dent is talking about transferring them. We are not talking about transfer-ring the 41, not talking about closing Guantanamo. It is still in law that we can’t close Guantanamo. So it is not about a campaign promise. It is about upholding the values in the Constitu-tion of the United States of America that says that if we have you incarcer-ated and it turns out that our evidence was wrong and you are not guilty of what we thought you were guilty of or, in this case, not a threat to us in the way that we thought you were, then we should release you, not hold you. We are not a dictatorship. We are not a country like Saddam Hussein used to run, where he just locked people up be-cause he wanted to. That is not who we should be. This bill takes away the ability of this President to transfer those 20 peo-ple who have been clearly deemed transferrable by the Defense Depart-ment, the Justice Department, Home-land Security Department, Intelligence Community experts. They want to stop, as Mr. N
ADLER  said, this President from being Presi-dent. Now, they never wanted him to be President in the first place, and it is incredibly inconvenient that he got elected twice, from their perspective. But he is the President and he should have the authority to exercise the Of-fice of the Presidency until January 20 of next year, when he is done. b0945 This bill unfairly strips him of that right. Again, we are talking about 20 people who have been deemed to be transferable. So let’s get the facts straight and then argue based on those facts. It is not 30 percent; it is 5.6. We are not talking about releasing the worst of the worst. We are not talking about closing Guantanamo Bay. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), my friend and colleague. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank so much, first, my colleague J
ACKIE WALORSKI for introducing this very important piece of legislation that I am proud to cosponsor, and sec-ondly, Chairman F
ORBES . I thank the gentleman for his leadership on na-tional defense, on faith, and so many other issues important to our country. This bill is crucial. It prevents the Obama administration from transfer-ring any remaining detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention facility in the last months of his Presidency. Now, this is important because the ad-ministration seems determined to clear the facility. In 2016, 46 detainees have been transferred. Last month alone, 15 terrorists were released. More are ex-pected as Vice President B
IDEN has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.008 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5509 September 15, 2016 
stated that it is the President’s inten-tion to empty GTMO by the time he leaves office. This rush to close Guantanamo is dangerous, reckless, and shortsighted. Already we have learned that 30 per-cent of those who have been released have returned to the battlefield. Amer-ican soldiers who fought so hard to take the enemy off the battlefield now have to face them again. But this release is beyond dangerous; it is an injustice. Let me share an ex-ample. In 2011, shortly after taking office, I received the gut-wrenching news that a young soldier from my district had lost his life in the war on terror in Afghani-stan. Christopher Stark was a combat engineer serving one of the most dan-gerous missions of the war: clearing roads of IEDs so his unit could pass by safely. Day after day he saved others, but, ultimately, he wasn’t able to save himself when an IED exploded. Christopher gave his life to save oth-ers. His country gained a hero; his mother lost a son. She has become my friend and is a hero in her own right as she bravely comes to terms with his sacrifice—relying on her faith to give her daily strength while accepting the burden and hallowed position of being a Gold Star mom. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. Mrs. HARTZLER. So you can imag-ine my dismay and consternation when I learned that, in his rush to fulfill campaign promises to close GTMO, the administration released a terrorist by the name of Obaidullah in the last round of detainee transfers. Who was he? He was part of an al Qaeda-associ-ated improvised explosive device cell that targeted coalition forces in Af-ghanistan. He was captured by U.S. se-curity forces during a raid in his com-pound, where they found 23 landmines as well as a notebook containing elec-tronic and detonator schematics in-volving explosives and mines similar to the one that killed Christopher. Releasing Obaidullah was wrong. He was targeted for prosecution and his status was changed. American soldiers like Christopher Stark lost their lives due to his activities. We need to ensure our American soldiers stay safe and also that justice is served. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this important piece of legisla-tion. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to make two quick points. The Obama administration is not de-termined to clear the facility before they leave office. They want to close the facility. But, again, those 41 that have been deemed dangerous, it is the Obama administration’s position that they shouldn’t be held in Guantanamo Bay, that they should be held in secure prisons in the United States, not to let them go. I think that is one of the most mis-leading things about this argument that is being made by the other side re-peatedly that they simply want to let them all go. It is not their goal to empty GTMO before January 20. It is their goal to still try to close the pris-on so that they can be held here in the U.S. Again, that is a separate argument, but I just want to make sure that it is clear it is not the goal of the adminis-tration to simply empty out the prison and send all 61 wherever. We are talk-ing about 20 that have been deemed eli-gible for transfer. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), my friend and colleague. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank my HASC colleague and friend, J
ACKIE WALORSKI , for all of her efforts to prevent the transfer of ter-rorists from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and introducing H.R. 5351, of which I am a proud cosponsor. I stand here today as the Representa-tive of the Army’s 10th Mountain Divi-sion, resilient warriors who have been an integral force in the war on terror in Afghanistan and Iraq since 9/11. As we all know, GTMO is comprised of some of the world’s most heinous terrorists, and we have lost many serv-icemembers’ lives in their pursuit. As the 10th Mountain Division and others continue to serve in harm’s way, it is our duty to provide oversight and en-sure the administration is held ac-countable before any American dies at the hands of a released detainee. Releasing these terrorists and closing GTMO is a true national security con-cern at home; therefore, I urge my col-leagues to stand with our brave men and women in uniform and show them that their sacrifices have not gone to waste and vote today in support of H.R. 5351. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds be-fore yielding to Mr. N
ADLER . I want to make clear; I represented Joint Base Lewis-McChord for 16 years, until 2012, and wrote hundreds of sym-pathy cards to family members who lost loved ones from that base in Af-ghanistan and Iraq, and I will take the backseat to no one in terms of respect-ing what they did, how they fought, and what they sacrificed, making sure that we do everything we can to pro-tect them and give them the tools they need to protect our country and pro-tect themselves. I thank the Repub-licans for working in a bipartisan man-ner on that issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER). Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, we keep hearing that the people of Guantanamo are the worst of the worst, that they are very dangerous, and that their re-lease would pose a threat to the United States. Some are, it is true. Some are probably the worst of the worst, but some aren’t. Some are people who were picked up by mistake. Some are people who were sold for a bounty. If you go into a wild place like Af-ghanistan and you let the word out that we will pay $5,000 for a terrorist and the McCoys are fighting the Hat-fields, the McCoys will turn in a Hat-field and say that he is a terrorist. Some of that happened. It is our job not to keep everybody in jail for life but to figure out who is who: who is the worst of the worst; who is innocent; who is there because of a mistake. Release those who are innocent; re-lease those who do not pose a threat; and release those who didn’t do any-thing. Simply getting up and repeating time after time on this floor that the people there are the worst of the worst doesn’t make it true. What kind of a system of justice or anything else is it where you say: We are going to hold forever, with no trial, people who we have already determined to pose no threat to the United States, who we have already determined have done nothing wrong, but we are going to hold them in jail forever because some of them are bad people—no trial, no proceeding, hold them in jail for-ever? By what right would we do that? How do we appear to all the countries and to all the people that we are trying to appeal to, saying our way is the rule of law, go with our way, don’t go with the Taliban, we are fair to people, they are not, and then we have people in jail forever with no hope of release, with no trial, no proceeding, nothing? That is what this bill is. This bill is un-American in the ex-treme. It is counterproductive because it gives the Taliban and everybody else the propaganda against us that we are a bunch of hypocrites, which we are if we pass bills like this, and we shouldn’t pass it. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), my friend and colleague. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank Chairman F
ORBES for his leadership on this issue and for his distinguished career here in Congress. The gentleman certainly will be missed. Mr. Speaker, some issues just boil down to common sense. Despite the rhetoric of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, there is no evidence of Good Samaritan sweet peas being kept at Guantanamo Bay. Common sense would tell you that it is a very bad idea to bring the world’s worst criminals to America’s shore. It is an equally bad idea to release them. That is why I rise today in support of H.R. 5351, a bill that would stop the transfer of individuals detained at the United States Naval Station at Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba. Last Sunday, our Nation recognized the 15th anniversary of the worst at-tack on U.S. soil, an attack where we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.009 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5510 September 15, 2016 
lost nearly 3,000 American lives. That tragic event marked the beginning of a war against terrorists who espouse rad-ical Islam. Since then, Guantanamo Bay has been instrumental in detaining enemy combatants engaged in that war. Today, there are 61 suspected terror-ists remaining at GTMO. They are largely regarded as the worst of the worst. They are the folks that no other country would take—too dangerous to transfer, the most dangerous criminals in the world. But the President wants to release these terrorists or, worse yet, bring them to American soil, put-ting Americans at risk. That is a really bad idea, and we can’t, in good con-science, let that happen. That is why we have had bipartisan support for keeping GTMO open in the past. There are simply not enough standards in place to make these transfers without endangering American lives. I am proud of the leadership of my colleague, J
ACKIE WALORSKI , on this important issue, and I urge my col-leagues to stop any reckless transfers of terrorists to American soil. Not one American life is worth the risk. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to say, regrettably, the previous gen-tleman is simply wrong. He said that America would not arrest as a terrorist someone who turned out not to be a terrorist. The facts are simply clear that that is just not the case. It is not that we are doing anything malicious. It is a complicated and difficult job. As Mr. N
ADLER pointed out, there is a lot to sort out. It is not even in dispute that we have arrested and incarcerated people be-cause we thought they were terrorists and found out that we were wrong. That is not debated. A number of them have been released. So to say that, well, if we arrested them and put them in there, they must be bad and they can’t be sent out is precisely what is wrong with the think-ing behind this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I am pre-pared to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the most interesting thing about this debate is that, as we have moved on from speaker to speak-er, the proponents of this legislation keep saying the same things over and over again that simply are not true. Again, I just want to close by saying I wish we could debate this on the actual facts, on what is in front of us. There certainly is an argument to be made that we should err on the side of just locking them up no matter what. I think that is the wrong argument. I think Mr. N
ADLER has very clearly ar-ticulated why, as a country, we shouldn’t do that, we shouldn’t pick people up and say, if there is any possi-bility we might be wrong, we are just going to take away your freedom and lock you up without due process. It is a violation of the fundamental prin-ciples of our country. We could at least have that debate. But we keep hearing a number of things that simply are not correct. Number one, this is just the President trying to fulfill a campaign promise to close down Guantanamo Bay and get everybody out of there before he leaves office. That is completely wrong. There are 41 people at Guantanamo Bay who this administration has said under no circumstances are they transferable. Those are the worst of the worst, and they are not talking about transferring them. What we are talking about are the 20 people who have been deemed transferable. Then we have the argument, well, gosh, they wouldn’t be in there if they hadn’t done something wrong. As we all know, law enforcement occasionally makes mistakes. So that is not correct either. These 20 people have been ex-amined and deemed to be transferable, and we should not hold them because the 41 other people who happen to be there are really bad people. That is not, again, according to the way that we should do justice in our country. So this is not about closing Guanta-namo. We have had that debate numer-ous times, and I have lost that debate on the House floor. I understand that. This is about the Obama administra-tion doing what the Bush administra-tion should have done in the first place, which was to be a lot more care-ful about whom you put in there; and then once they are in there, examine it, make sure you actually have suffi-cient evidence and these are people you need to hold. That is what the Obama administra-tion did in 2009 with the 242 inmates who were being detained at Guanta-namo. They determined that some of them were there incorrectly and were transferable. That is what we are talk-ing about. b1000 This bill would stop that. This bill would say basically that President Obama is not actually President in this area for the rest of his term. That is wrong. He got elected and he ought to be able to make those decisions. I will also say in this area, he has proven to be vastly more careful than his predecessor. Again, the recidivism rate of those released in 2009 is 5.6 per-cent. Prior to that, that number was closer to 30. So a process was put in place that actually did work, and we ought to respect that process and not restrict the President’s ability to basi-cally do justice. Finally, I just want to say, as has been noted a couple of times, Mr. FORBES will be leaving our committee. I have enjoyed serving with him during my time. He is—as Stephen Colbert would say—a worthy opponent, and I enjoy that. We have had a lot of great debates on the committee. I am very, very sorry to see him go. I thank him also for his service. We have worked in a very bipartisan fashion on a number of issues and upheld, I think very, very well, the bipartisan tradition of the House Armed Services Committee. So I have enjoyed serving with him. I appre-ciate that service. I wish him the best of luck in the future. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, could I inquire as to how much time I have re-maining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me, first of all, say I have enormous respect for the rank-ing member, and he has done an admi-rable job today, as he always does, of defending the President and the Presi-dent’s actions in Guantanamo Bay. Unfortunately, the President’s ac-tions in Guantanamo Bay have not been quite as admirable. We have heard throughout the discussion today sev-eral catchphrases. We have heard that we wanted to discuss what was actu-ally true. We wanted to discuss what the facts actually were. We talked about this incredible vetting process this administration had. We talked about the need to have a process and to have that process work before they took action. We have heard the phrase, We don’t want to turn the American justice system on its ears. And we have also heard that, We don’t want to hold up the process for a few months be-cause that could be problematic. Mr. Speaker, let me try to take us back a little bit and put some facts around this whole debate as to why we got here in the first place. The reality of this situation is that this adminis-tration, before they ever took office, before the President ever raised his hand and took the oath, before any cabinet members were appointed, or before anybody had been placed in his administration, this President and this Vice President made a commitment to close Guantanamo Bay before they ever went down there and actually in-vestigated and looked at what was there. The other situation is that when they made that promise, they had made no vetting process. They had no process in place. The other fact, Mr. Speaker, is that when this President raised that hand and took that oath, the former admin-istration that my good friend, the ranking member, has talked about how terrible they were, they had a pros-ecutor and a team of prosecutors who were prosecuting some of the worst ter-rorists this country had ever seen. Most Americans don’t know the names of the people in Guantanamo Bay, but they know we had co-conspirators in 9/ 11 who were sitting down there, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.010 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5511 September 15, 2016 
that former administration had a pros-ecutorial team who had gone through months after months after months with a stack of motions this high, and that prosecutor said to anyone who would go down there, including me and the former chairman of the committee, Ike Skelton, that he would have had guilty verdicts or guilty pleas by those co-conspirators within 6 months. When this administration came in with their great vetting and their great process without talking to that pros-ecutor, without looking at that at all, he disbanded that entire prosecution, terminated that prosecutor, termi-nated that entire team. And, to this day, no one on that side of the aisle can even tell us when they are going to have convictions on those conspirators of the worst terrorists this country has ever seen. When I hear the President and the Vice President stand up and say, We haven’t given up on the promise to close Guantanamo Bay, I listen and I listen and I listen to deafness for the President or the Vice President to say, We haven’t given up on getting convic-tions of the worst terrorists in the United States. So when I look at Guantanamo Bay and I hear, We are not really going to close it, forget what the President is saying, forget what the Vice President is saying, they don’t really mean they want to close Guantanamo Bay. All they want to do is bring those terror-ists to the United States. We have stood on this floor and fought that for 8 years, and here is the reason. Because let me ask which of you want those terrorists brought to your community with every single act of terrorism we are seeing now and the repercussions of that? Because the mo-ment you put them in your community in any jail or any prison, it is not a matter of whether we can hold them there, but you have just put a target on every school, every business, every mall in that community. When you talk about justice and you talk about fairness, we just believe that is wrong. So when you talk about just giving a little more time to the President for a few months, doesn’t it make a little bit of sense that if this administration was given the time to come in and stop the prosecution of the worst terrorists the United States has ever seen, that maybe, just maybe we ought to have a temporary hold and let the next Presi-dent, whoever that President might be, have a few months to determine before we release these terrorists whether or not they want to prosecute them and they really want to bring them to a conviction instead of just talking about it for 8 years? Let me close, Mr. Speaker, with this. Years ago, when I stood on this floor on one of the first motions we had, it was a motion to recommit for the defense authorization bill to stop this adminis-tration from bringing these detainees to the United States. My friend and chairman on the other side of the aisle, Ike Skelton, stood on the floor right where my good friend, Mr. S
MITH, is sitting today, and Mr. Skelton said this: When it comes to terrorism, there shouldn’t be any light between the Re-publicans and the Democrats. And he supported that motion not to bring those terrorists to the United States. So, Mr. Speaker, today, after all of the rhetoric, it is a pretty simple deal, prosecute them if you want to pros-ecute them, but don’t fulfill some cam-paign promise of shutting down Guan-tanamo Bay and the impact that could have on these terrorists. And I would say, as my good friend, Ike Skelton, said today, there shouldn’t be any light between Repub-licans and Democrats when it comes to terrorists, but there certainly shouldn’t be any light in with any Member of this Congress when it comes to defending and protecting the United States from these terrorists who have one goal in mind, and that is to kill Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 863, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 244, nays 174, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 520] YEAS—244 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—174 
Adams Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.011 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5512 September 15, 2016 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Brown (FL) Costa DesJarlais Ellmers (NC) Fincher Hardy Johnson, Sam Labrador Palazzo Pitts Sanchez, Loretta Scott (VA) Young (AK) 
b1035 Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. BISHOP of Geor-gia, and Mr. AL GREEN of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 520 I was present on the House Floor and used my voting card to register a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 5351, To prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Due to a mal-function in the voting device, my ‘‘yes’’ vote was not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader, for giving us the schedule. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be post-poned until 6:30. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. The House will also consider H.R. 3438, the REVIEW Act, sponsored by Representative T
OMMARINO , which en-sures that new agency rules that place $1 billion or more in costs on the econ-omy will not take effect until after any litigation over the rule is resolved. Additionally, the House will consider H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, spon-sored by Representative ERIKPAULSEN . This critical bill, which is part of the Innovation Initiative, gives startups the opportunity to attract the talent necessary to advance innovation and grow the economy. The House will also consider two im-portant bills related to Iran. The first is H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, sponsored by Representative B
RUCE POLIQUIN . It re-quires the Treasury Department to re-port on the total assets of senior Ira-nian and political and military leaders and make that information public on their Web site. The second, H.R. 5931, the Prohib-iting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act, sponsored by Representative E
D R
OYCE , will prohibit all cash payments, including dead-of-night ransom pay-ments, and ensure transparency in con-gressional review of any future settle-ments with Iran. Now, finally, Mr. Speaker, as we ap-proach the end of September, Members are advised that additional items are possible, including legislation to fund the government. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, the legislation we will be considering next week, I am sure, has support in a number of quarters. The majority leader mentioned, in the last line, that we will be considering ef-forts to fund the government, the so- called continuing resolution. Mr. Speaker, as the Speaker knows and the House knows, we have not passed any appropriation bills through the Congress and sent them to the President, nor have we adopted a budg-et. In the absence of both of those, cer-tainly in the former, we need to have a funding of government passed by Sep-tember 30th. I ask the majority leader, therefore, Mr. Speaker, if the majority leader has any knowledge of the status of the CR, either in this House moving forward or in the other body. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Yes, we are continuing discussions on the appropriation process and how to ensure the government is funded after September 30th. As soon as it is fin-ished, Members will be advised when floor action is scheduled. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader for that. Let me say that I would hope, given the fact that we have a maximum of eight or nine legislative days left be-fore the end of the fiscal year, end of the September 30 fiscal year, that the CR hopefully will be a document on which we have consensus on all its parts. The majority leader, I am sure, Mr. Speaker, has heard the same kinds of rumors I have heard, which is not un-usual, that the Senate may pass a CR and then decide their work, at least prior to the election, is done. If that is the case, or, in any event, whether it is the case or not, and we initiate a bill, it will be critically im-portant that that bill be a bill that can be supported by both sides. So I look forward to working with the majority leader to ensure that when a CR is brought to the floor, ei-ther a Senate bill—which will be a House bill amended by the Senate, I presume—or a House bill, that we have agreement, Mr. Majority Leader, on the component parts of that continuing resolution so we do not put at risk the shutting down of the government of the United States. I don’t know wheth-er the gentleman wants to respond at all. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. b1045 Mr. MCCARTHY. I look forward to working with the gentleman. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. In addition to the CR, which is nec-essary to fund government, we have a crisis in America, a health crisis. We spent a lot of time talking about it last time. We won’t spend a long time, but Zika continues to be a real challenge. We have continuing incidents. The moral and fiscal costs of not addressing this issue are of great magnitude, great seriousness. Can the gentleman tell me whether he believes that sufficient resources to respond to the Zika crisis will be in-cluded in the CR or whether it may be a freestanding bill that we could reach consensus on and send to the Presi-dent? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. The gentleman is correct that this is a crisis before us. The gentleman and I have worked on this issue when it first arose, putting individuals into com-mittee and looking at what we needed to accomplish. This House actually acted and acted early. Your question is: Would it be com-bined with the continuing resolution? I believe that is what we would see, along with the continuing resolution to solve this challenge with Zika. Unfor-tunately, it has been stuck in the Sen-ate. In the conversations I have been having with the other house, I am very hopeful that that will get done. Mr. HOYER. I thank the majority leader, Mr. Speaker. I would reiterate, Mr. Speaker, the observation that I made last week, that the Senate has, in fact, passed a Zika response with 68 votes. And if the Senate fails to move legislation, the majority leader—and I share his view— hopes it will be included in a con-tinuing resolution. In the event that does not occur, I would urge the major-ity leader, Mr. Speaker, to consider putting a House bill in which reflects the Senate compromise supported by more than two-thirds of the Senate and a bill which I represented to the major-ity leader last week—but I want to rep-resent again—I can’t say unanimously 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE7.001 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5513 September 15, 2016 
but overwhelmingly, with well over 180 votes, in my view, we would support. I give that information, Mr. Speaker, to the majority leader so that he will know that in the event we have not re-sponded in the CR that I believe the Senate-passed legislation incorporated into a House bill and brought to the floor can pass on suspension and may well even be able to pass on unanimous consent. I don’t know that that is the case, but it certainly could pass on sus-pension. I would urge him to consider that as an alternative available to us to respond so that we do not have the situation which we had in July of leav-ing town for 7 weeks without having addressed this crisis that confronts the health of our people. Mr. Speaker, let me indicate that we have a number of other pieces of legis-lation that I would last like to ask the majority leader about. There are ru-mors that our schedule is going to be over in the next few weeks. I don’t know. The Senate was planning on going presumably to the first week of October. I don’t know that they are going to do that. We are planning to go to the end of September. There are a number of other pieces of legislation which I think need to be ad-dressed. We continue to be very con-cerned about our failure to respond to the Flint crisis. The mayor of Flint was in my office yesterday. They are still drinking bottled water because the water in their pipes that is being delivered to their homes is still unfit for human consumption unless a filter is in place and unless that filter is working efficiently and effectively. We really need to, I think, help on that. With respect to opioids, we passed a piece of legislation that was, Mr. Speaker, a bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. We continue to believe, however, the resources to carry out the policies included in the authorizing bill need to be addressed. Lastly, Mr. Speaker—I mentioned this before—we continue to urge that in light of the scourge of gun violence in America that we take up two bills sponsored by the former chairman, Re-publican chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security. They are not Democratic bills, although Democrats support the bills and are cosponsors of the bill, but they are P
ETER KING’s bills to provide greater safety. First of all, Mr. Speaker, we have adopted the premise that background checks are a good thing. We require background checks. The problem is, we don’t require background checks in every instance of a transfer of a weap-on from seller to buyer. The problem with that, of course, is if you want to buy a gun for a nefarious purpose, one would assume you are not going to go and have your background checked. You will find some other way to pur-chase that gun. We would hope that bill would be brought to the floor. The second bill that Mr. K
INGhas, of course, seems to us to be a very reason-able piece of legislation, which simply says, if you are judged too dangerous to fly on our airplanes, you ought to be too dangerous as well to buy weapons to injure people in our country; we think you are too dangerous to go on an airplane and that you might injure people in that fashion. I would urge, Mr. Majority Leader, Mr. Speaker, before we leave before the election, two things, that we bring those to the floor and we carry out— and I want to repeat again because I think it is important. Speaker PAUL R
YAN said on October 29, 2015, just a year ago: ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues; we will take them head on . . . we should not hide our disagreements. We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagree-ments honestly stated.’’ Mr. Speaker, I share that view. I think the bills that I have mentioned— Flint, opioids, gun violence, and cer-tainly Zika, and, yes, there are oth-ers—ought to be brought to this floor, and the House ought to work its will. I would hope that in the next few days that are available to us that the major-ity leader, Mr. Speaker, gives careful consideration to bringing those pieces of legislation to the floor. In the gun violence case, the polls re-flect that over 85 percent—and in one case over 90 percent—of Americans sup-port those pieces of legislation. They would pass, Mr. Speaker, overwhelm-ingly. The only reason they haven’t passed—the only reason they haven’t passed—contrary to the statement that we will not duck the tough issues, said by Speaker R
YANjust about a year ago, the only reason they haven’t passed is because they have not been brought to the floor. I would urge, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader consider that. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for his advice. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 2016, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 2016 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, September 19, 2016, and that the order of the House of January 5, 2016, regarding morning- hour debate not apply on that day. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LATE HONORABLE MARK TAKAI The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 days in which to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Hawaii? There was no objection. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, we are holding this Special Order today to honor our colleague and friend, Mark Takai. Many of our colleagues are here to share their own memories and re-membrances of our friend. In Hawaii, the word ‘‘aloha’’ holds a very special place in our hearts. It is a word that we use every day to say hello and good-bye, but, in saying that word, we are actually conveying a much deeper meaning. In the deepest and tru-est sense of the word, aloha means I come to you with an open heart and offer you my deepest respect, love, and care. It is a word that describes a way of life. Living aloha brings people to-gether regardless of their unique back-grounds or things like age, race, reli-gion, or social class. This open heart, this spirit of aloha, is what I think of when I think of my colleague, my fellow soldier, and my friend, Mark Takai, because he carried this aloha spirit with him wherever he went. He shared it with everyone that he came into contact with. During a celebration of Mark’s life held in his hometown of Pearl City on Oahu just a few weeks ago—this is the community that he served for over 20 years as a State legislator—I heard from one of Mark’s high school teach-ers named Mike, who shared her amazement that not only was Mark a great student, not only was he an all- American swimmer, but he would spend his free time doing things like organizing voter registration drives and get-out-the-vote parades in his neighborhood, encouraging his commu-nity to make sure that their voice was heard. As a student at the University of Ha-waii at Manoa, Mark was a leader among his peers, one of whom is here today, our colleague, Congresswoman TAMMY DUCKWORTH . He served as presi-dent of the Associated Students of the University of Hawaii at Manoa, was a champion on the varsity team for 4 years, and was editor in chief of the campus newspaper, Ka Leo O Hawaii. I recently had an intern in my dis-trict office who is a part of ASUH, and he told me about how the University of Hawaii student government members today tell stories of the legends of Mark Takai’s courage and leadership as student president, taking on dif-ficult issues like sexual harassment and assault, resulting in his being sued by the University of Hawaii professors union. But no matter the challenge, the difficulty, or the obstacle, the leg-ends are true; Mark Takai never backed down. At age 27, he was elected to the Ha-waii State House of Representatives, representing his hometown of Pearl 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.015 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5514 September 15, 2016 
City and neighboring Aiea from 1994 to 2014. In 2002, I was elected to the State House where I first got to know him, learning of his commitment and pas-sion for the University of Hawaii, and his and Sami’s love for all things Dis-ney, showing me the memorabilia they brought home from the Disney parks they visited around the world, and sharing copies of the cookbook he dis-tributed throughout his Pearl City dis-trict, always making time, always ready with a helpful tip and a helping hand. In 2014, after a hard-fought campaign, Mark came here and joined us in Con-gress, representing the First Congres-sional District of Hawaii. While here, he served on the Committee on Armed Services, as well as the Committee on Small Business, working hard always, putting first and foremost his constitu-ents. Even after he was diagnosed and going through treatment, he was al-ways there attending his committee hearings, doing things that no one real-ly expected he would do. I was amazed, during our annual NDAA marathon markup session that often lasts over 16 straight hours, Mark was there in the wee hours of the morning passing out the Hawaii-made chocolate macadamia nuts to our col-leagues. For 17 years, while simultaneously fulfilling his responsibilities as an elected official, Mark also served as a citizen soldier in the Hawaii Army Na-tional Guard, where he earned the rank of lieutenant colonel, deployed to Ku-wait in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and served as president of the Hawaii Army National Guard Associa-tion. Because Mark had a master’s de-gree in public health, he came into the National Guard as a direct commis-sioned officer. What this meant in practical terms was he didn’t have to go through basic combat training or OCS. b1100 When I came back to Hawaii from my basic training in South Carolina, I was assigned to our medical command, the same unit as Mark. He was a first lieu-tenant. I was a private first class. As I was rendering him a salute, he would joke around, asking me to teach him how to render a proper salute and how to march in a formation because he never got to learn those through basic training. Mark was incredibly proud to wear the uniform. He was deeply committed to the National Guard, extremely ac-tive with the National Guard Associa-tion both in Hawaii and here in Wash-ington, always looking to find ways to support the institution and its service to our soldiers and airmen in Hawaii and across the country. I have heard from so many of Mark’s soldiers and peers in the Hawaii Guard who express disbelief that he is actu-ally gone and how much they truly val-ued the time they spent with him and served with him. Mark’s service to Hawaii and our Na-tion spans nearly a quarter century. His legacy of aloha and his commit-ment to service touched the lives of so many people along the way. All of the stories and remembrances we will hear today I think capture the essence of Mark, his heart for service, his spirit of aloha, his love for God, his love for his family, and caring and sharing aloha with everyone. To our colleagues here today to share their memories of Mark, thank you for opening your hearts as we honor and remember and say aloha to our dear friend. To Mark’s staff, thank you for being strong, for serving Mark and our State of Hawaii, and continuing to serve the people of Hawaii through this difficult time. Finally, I would like to recognize Mark’s family, who have just arrived here in the gallery. I would like to rec-ognize Mark’s wife, Sami; his children, Matthew and Kaila; his parents, Erik and Naomi; and his siblings, Nadine, Nikki, and Ross, all of whom have been incredibly generous in sharing their time and opening their family to all of us, to people across the State of Ha-waii, and yesterday during the beau-tiful and historic service that was held in Mark’s honor. I want you to know that you were al-ways with him wherever he went. He was always speaking about you proud-ly. You were the light of his life. Mahalo, Mark, for the lasting impact that you had on all of us, for sharing your aloha with us, and for dedicating your life to the service of others. I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ). Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for loaning me her lei and hosting this Special Order in honor of our colleague and friend, the late Congressman Mark Takai of Hawaii. I was fortunate to develop a very close friendship with Mark, as we were part of the same freshman class elected in 2014, and sat next to each other on the House Armed Services Committee. In the panhandle of Florida, the area I represent, we have an attitude toward life we call ‘‘The North Florida Way.’’ It means we care about public service, we take care of our neighbors, and we do what is right. And even though the panhandle is about 5,000 miles from Ha-waii, The North Florida Way is a lot like the aloha spirit. As we have learned here today, Con-gressman Takai embodies the aloha spirit. As a public servant, he stands as a role model for all of us. He first ran for public office at 27 years old, and served 10 years in the Hawaii House of Representatives before coming to Con-gress. At the same time, he was also serving in the Hawaii National Guard, where, over 17 years, he earned the rank of lieutenant colonel and served in Operation Iraqi Freedom. Mark cared about his neighbors, rep-resenting the people of his State with distinction, and always cared about those around him, as a father, a hus-band, a friend, and a colleague. Sitting next to him in committee, he would al-ways greet me with a smile and a warm aloha. He cared about doing what was right, especially for his fellow service-members in the military. As we remember Congressman Takai today, I hope we all continue to honor his memory and aloha spirit through-out the end of our own service. Let’s all honor him by practicing a little more of the aloha spirit every day. Let’s remember to represent our con-stituents, to care about each other, and to do what is right. That is what Mark always did, and that is what he would want us to do. Mark was a role model for us all, in and out of Congress. Our thoughts, prayers, and love are with his family. Ms. GABBARD. I yield to the gentle-woman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ). Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and celebrate the life of my good friend, Congressman Mark Takai of Hawaii. Mark was a fierce advocate for the people of Hawaii and was a champion of issues important to the AAPI commu-nity. Prior to his two decades as a rep-resentative in the Hawaii State House, Mark briefly lived in Guam, my home, and attended school there, which helped to inform his perspectives on the unique challenges affecting the ter-ritories. Here in Congress, Mark was an em-bodiment of the aloha spirit. I worked with him on a number of issues impact-ing Guam, Hawaii, and the Pacific re-gion. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I truly appre-ciated his insights and views, espe-cially his experiences as lieutenant colonel in the Hawaii Army National Guard. Mark’s passing creates a void in Con-gress that cannot be replaced, but his life and his legacy will forever live on in all of us who knew him and in the many public policies that he helped to enact to make life for all Americans better. On behalf of the people of Guam, I ex-tend my condolences to his wife, Sami; his children, Matthew and Kaila; and the entire Takai family. Mark, you will be deeply missed. As we say in Guam: Un Dangkulo na Si Yu’os Ma’ase, Mark. Ms. GABBARD. I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU). Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about my friend, Mark Takai. We came in last year in the freshman class together. Through various ori-entation events, my wife, Betty, and our children had the honor of getting to know Mark’s family, Sami, Mat-thew, and Kaila. Having gone to his beautiful memorial ceremonies in Ha-waii and here, we had the honor of meeting Mark’s extended family. The grace and dignity with which they have handled this has been tremendous. I want to talk a little bit about Mark. He was a joy to be around. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.016 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5515 September 15, 2016 
was warm, he was happy, he was ener-getic, and he exemplifies the best of America. Having served in our Armed Forces, serving the State legislature and here in Congress, he always tried his best to represent Americans and do what he thought was best. I know we all dearly miss Mark. I know that when he said he is going to be fine and is going to be in heaven, a smile comes to my face when I think about Mark looking down at all of us and how happy he would be to see us here today. We all miss him dearly. Ms. GABBARD. I yield to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), our esteemed minority whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for taking this Spe-cial Order hour. We are all sad and lament the fact that an extraordinary human being was taken from us far too early. I tell my colleagues, this picture says it all: that wonderful, warm, accepting, en-gaging aloha smile that is represented in this picture of our colleague, Mark Takai. I join my colleagues in celebrating and remembering a life well lived. Though he only served alongside us in this House for a short time, he made a big impact on us all with his kindness, his sincerity, and his intellect. All of us admired the steadfastness with which he fought for his constituents and the courage with which he fought his illness. All of us saw Mark on this floor, determined to serve his constitu-ents for as long as his health allowed him to do so. As was said yesterday, Mark did not greet us with any self-pity or any wringing of hands, but with a positive attitude to the end. I wasn’t with him at the very end, but my, how we were blessed to be with him for the short time that we had him. What an exam-ple he set for all of us to overcome ad-versity and welcome opportunities rather than focusing on that which he could not do. Not only was Mark an outstanding Member of Congress, he was, as has been said by his fellow officer, a war-rior willing to serve, to risk, and to save this great country, its democracy, and its people. As a lieutenant colonel in the Hawaii Army National Guard, he deployed on Active Duty to Kuwait in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. He earned the Army’s Meritorious Service Medal for his achievements there. We all are standing here to speak of the meritorious service he gave right here. Yes, on the battlefield; yes, at the point of the spear; but right here as well. He drew on his experience in the Army as a veteran when he served as chairman of the House Committee on Veterans, Military, and International Affairs in the Hawaii legislature, and later as a member of the House Com-mittee on Armed Services here in Con-gress. A proud native of Hawaii, Mark dedi-cated his life and career to the people of his beloved State. He was elected to the Hawaii House of Representatives at the age of 27. I can empathize with that because I was elected to the Maryland State Senate at the age of 27. We talked about that. Some have entered earlier, but that was pretty early. It gave us a great opportunity to serve. Mark believed strongly that every child deserves a chance to learn in a safe and nurturing environment. In my own State, there are 52 Judy Centers named after my late wife, who died al-most 20 years ago, that serve 3-and 4- year-old children. Mark had that same kind of compas-sion and concern and focus on making sure that young people received all that we could give them early in life so that they could succeed later in life, as Mark Takai did so extraordinarily. I have other words that I will submit for the R
ECORD because there are so many of my colleagues who want to speak about Mark and their relation-ship to him, their respect for him, their love for him, and his love for us. I thank Congresswoman G
ABBARD for taking this hour, and I thank her for being such an example. Both of you de-fine aloha. God bless. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues today in remembering the life of our friend, Represent-ative Mark Takai, who lost his battle against cancer in July. Though he only served alongside us in this House for a short time, he made a big impact on us all with his kindness, his sincerity, and his intellect. All of us admired the steadfastness with which he fought for his constituents and the courage with which he fought his illness. Not only was Mark an outstanding member of Congress, he also served our nation in uni-form. As a lieutenant colonel in the Hawaii Army National Guard, he deployed on active duty to Kuwait in support of operation Iraqi Freedom, and he earned the Army’s Meritorious Service Medal for his achievements there. He drew on his experiences in the Army and as a veteran when he served as chairman of the House Committee on Veterans, Military, and International Affairs in the Hawaii Legisla-ture and later as a member of the House Committee on Armed Services here in Con-gress. A proud native of Hawaii, Mark dedicated his life and career to the people of his beloved state. Elected to the Hawaii House of Representa-tives at the age of twenty-seven, he spent two decades working hard to improve lives, strengthen communities, and bring jobs and opportunity to Hawaii. He championed edu-cation and fought for better schools. Mark believed strongly that every child de-serves a chance to learn in a safe and nur-turing environment. He stood up for Hawaii’s veterans and worked to combat homelessness among those who were coming home from war. Concerned about the dangers of climate change and rising sea levels, Mark did more than just support green energy through tax credits; he outfitted his own house with solar panels and drove an electric vehicle to show others how easy it is to live sustainably. When Mark ran for Congress in 2014 and won, all of us believed he would be making a difference here in Washington for many, many years ahead. He was one of those who loved being a leg-islator, who had the experience and talent to get things done in Congress. All of us are deeply saddened that our country lost Mark at such a young age, with surely many great achievements ahead. Losing a colleague is always difficult, but with Mark Takai it was more than that—we lost someone who had quickly become our friend, someone as warm as he was depend-able, as jovial as he was wise. My thoughts continue to be with Mark’s wife Sami and their two children, Matthew and Kaila. My heart goes out to them and to the peo-ple of Hawaii’s first District he served so ably. I also offer my condolences again to Sen-ators SCHATZ and H IRONO and Representative T
ULSI GABBARD , Mark’s colleagues in the Ha-waii Congressional delegation, who worked closely with him every day. We will miss him dearly in the halls of Con-gress, and I thank Representative G
ABBARD  for leading the effort to pay tribute to him in the United States House of Representatives today. b1115 Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mahalo to my col-league from Hawaii, Congresswoman G
ABBARD , for the time. Mr. Speaker, on July 20, the world lost a kind man, this Congress lost a great leader, and many of us here lost a very dear friend. I didn’t expect to have this welling of emotion. Mark Takai represented everything America wants in a public servant. He was selfless, he was humble, and he was passionate about strengthening his community and protecting his country. He served 17 years in the Hawaii Na-tional Guard, including a deployment to Kuwait in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. When he came home, he fought for the middle class and for the people of Hawaii. He will be remembered by me and many of us here for his incredible spir-it, which he bravely maintained through his illness. He will be remem-bered for his easy laugh, which brought joy to all those who knew him. And he spent a lifetime working to give a voice to those who struggled to be heard. If I may depart from my prepared re-marks for a moment, I remember going to Hawaii for his unofficial swearing-in in Honolulu with Leader P
ELOSI , and just seeing the outpouring of support from the people who elected him and the great hope in such a new young leader from the State of Hawaii, which has been going through great changes. Getting to know him here and watch-ing him, the losses that I feel are just that he was so full of potential. He loved Congress. He loved serving. He loved the potential to change this in-stitution into a better place. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.017 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5516 September 15, 2016 
reached out to Republicans, not a mean bone in his body. I hesitate to say this last part be-cause I can’t say the name of the res-taurant that we both went to in South-east, in that part of town, but it serves double-fried Korean chicken wings, and he thanked me very much that we could share it. He loved food. I feel very lucky to have called him a friend. I will miss him very much. Thank you. Mahalo to you, Mark Takai, for having been my friend. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ). Mr. AGUILAR. Mahalo, Ms. G
ABBARD . I appreciate the gentle-woman from Hawaii yielding to me to talk about my colleague and my friend Mark Takai. As I stand here in aloha attire, I am sure my colleague would admire my dress, yet shake his head at my tie. We do love our rules here in Congress, but even the Speaker acknowledged yester-day that Mark continually talked with him about the need to embrace the aloha spirit and to maybe, just maybe, relax our rules occasionally. Like many in our class, I met Mark during freshman orientation in Decem-ber of 2014, when we were both elected. Instantly, all of us gravitated to him. He was easy to love. As I reflect on the impact that he had on me, I am struck by four key things that you will continue to hear my colleagues share in their stories. First was his pleasant attitude, de-meanor, smile, and his full-hearted laugh. He had a deep concern for his colleagues, even as he battled his ill-ness. I can’t tell you the number of times he would sit right up here and we would talk about the bills and the issues of the day, and I would try to say something to make him laugh, and he would give that big smile and that full-throated laugh. He took a lot of pride in that. I am not sure there is anyone in this Chamber who didn’t enjoy spending time with Mark. He was just that special. Second was his pride in Hawaii and of his service in the military. Mark’s eyes never got bigger than when I told him that my wife, Alisha, and I were going to attend the 70th anniversary cere-mony in Hawaii aboard the USS Mis-souri, with a bipartisan delegation led by Mr. F
ORBES . He was so happy that I would get an opportunity to meet Ad-miral Harris, but also to see Oahu and to enjoy its beauty. He was the best mayor Oahu never had is the reality of the situation. Whether it was restaurants, beaches, hiking trails, military installations, he always had a suggestion of something you should see and do. We have to go—again, we can’t say the restaurant names. You have to go to ‘‘blank,’’ and he would tell you the restaurant’s name that started with a Z and he said was the President’s fa-vorite. And that turned into: Let’s go there right now. And so Sami and Alisha and I, we went to this res-taurant that is unique to Hawaii that Mark said was the President’s favorite. When you walked in with Mark, you were bound to be recognized because he knew everybody; and you were going to eat whatever he said, as well. Third was how driven and competi-tive he was. Don’t take that smile and that laugh to mean that he was a push-over. He was absolutely driven to rep-resent his region and to do his job ef-fectively. He would quiz me on the poli-tics of my district, asking me ques-tions about my race and giving me ad-vice. He would talk about his own race and races in the past, and it was clear that he wasn’t a pushover when it came to politics and fighting for his commu-nities. But he always had a plan, and that wasn’t ever more evident than when he stayed on the floor just about the en-tire day, State of the Union Day 2015, to get a prime seat for the State of the Union. I still have the photo—I looked at it last night—of him directly behind Leader PELOSI . She was next to Whip H
OYER , and he is beside J OHN LEWIS. Mark was a freshman, sitting right there within camera-shot, wearing his lei, and he wanted everyone back home to know he had arrived. It was bril-liant. The last point was about his family. He truly loved his family and his faith. As fathers spending a significant amount of time away from our two kids, we talked about them often, how proud we were of them, how much we missed them, and how we used tech-nology to try to fill the void in commu-nication. Attending weekend sporting events for swimming and soccer for Matthew and Kaila, even if it meant traveling and being home for only 30 hours, he wanted to do it. He wanted to be there. He wanted to be present. Your dad loved you so, so much, and he talked about you so, so often. Sami, I don’t know how you do it. But he would comment on that. He would look at me, and we would be huddled in the back back there, and he would say: We wouldn’t be able to do anything without our wives. And I said: Yeah, of course. We know that. He says: No, no, no. I mean you should know that. You should send a text mes-sage or something to Alisha right now. We spent a relatively short amount of time with him here in Washington, D.C., but he touched our lives and was a source of strength and humor. I will always remember his spirit, his faith, and his commitment to his commu-nity. Aloha, friend. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our leader. Ms. PELOSI. What a beautiful pic-ture of Mark. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman G
ABBARD for bringing us together in this Special Order to salute a very spe-cial person, our colleague, Mark Takai. It is a solemn privilege for all of us today to give voice to the sorrow of the U.S. Congress at the passing of our col-league and dear friend. We have lost someone truly special, a person who held the respect and friendship of col-leagues on both sides of the aisle, on both sides of the Capitol, up and down Pennsylvania Avenue. In fact, the President himself paid tribute to Mark when he died. He said: ‘‘Michelle and I were saddened to learn of the passing of Representative Mark Takai. ‘‘Mark was always a fighter,’’ the President said. ‘‘It’s the spirit he brought to more than two decades of public service on behalf of the people of Hawaii. ‘‘He stood up for America’s most vul-nerable. He championed our troops and veterans, and proudly wore our Na-tion’s uniform. And his relentless push for cancer research inspired countless Americans fighting the same battle as him. ‘‘Simply put, our country is better off,’’ the President said, ‘‘our country is better off because of Mark’s con-tributions. He leaves a legacy of cour-age, of service, and of hope.’’ Michelle and he said: ‘‘Our thoughts and prayers are with Mark’s wife, Sami, their two children, and many friends and family.’’ Many of the friends and family are here today: Sami, of course; Matthew and Kaila; his parents, Mark’s parents, Erik and Naomi; his sister, Nadine; her husband, Ronnie, and daughter Nelani; his sister, Nikki; his brother, Ross; his father-in-law, Gary Kai; and all of the people of Hawaii who may be watching this, certainly all of our colleagues. He was effective from the start, I think, because he was such an experi-enced legislator, 20 years in the Hawaii Legislature, and that made him, with his energy and as our colleague, Mr. AGUILAR said, his competitiveness. Who but a competitive soul, and an imaginative one, would be bringing leis—I guess it is lei, singular is plu-ral—to Selma to match what happened in the sixties, when Martin Luther King and our colleague J
OHN LEWIS wore leis in the march. And who but he would, only a few weeks in Congress, decide that all these hundreds of lei would be sent from Hawaii for people to wear on the 50th anniversary of Selma. As I said yesterday in Statuary Hall, many of the Members were thinking, ‘‘Why didn’t I think of that?’’ but that is how Mark was. I don’t want to say competitive, but nonetheless. As far as his seating here, Mr. A
GUILAR , I was privileged to appoint him as a part of the escort committee. Because of the President’s origins in Hawaii, I wanted Hawaii to be rep-resented on the escort committee; but as you said, he exploited the oppor-tunity, and we were glad that he did. I really wish that he were here, but I wish that everyone could have seen him on our codel to Asia. Congress-woman M
ATSUI did, and others. We were in Burma, Cambodia, Korea, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.019 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5517 September 15, 2016 
Japan, Vietnam. We began in Cali-fornia, came to Hawaii to be briefed at the Pacific Command, to go on to Asia and then come back through Alaska. Now, here he was, a relatively new Member of Congress. This was like April of last year. He was in Congress maybe 3, 4 months, but he was on the Armed Services Committee, so he spoke with great authority because this was a security trip as well as a values, human rights trip and our eco-nomic interests trip. So I said to him—getting back to Mr. A
GUILAR —I said to him: We are going to begin in California with some brief-ings, and then we will go to Hawaii, and then you will preside as we meet with the Pacific Command. So would you like to join us in California? He said: Would I like to join you in California? I could be home with Sami. I could have a night with Sami or I could be with all of you in California. I will meet you in Hawaii. It was very clear that any chance he got he wanted to be with his family. Certainly he, again, was part of the delegation. Only a few months in Con-gress, with such dignity, we forgot that he was a new Member of Congress. With great knowledge of our national security, with great diplomacy in how he conveyed his thoughts, and every place he went, he was beautifully re-ceived. I wish all of you could have seen how, especially in Japan, where they took special interest to embrace him as a Japanese American Member of Congress. b1130 Everything he did, he did with excel-lence. He died as he had lived: loved and surrounded by family and friends, with great dignity and great courage. He used his time well—used his time well—and, again, understood what the opportunity of serving in Congress was, and he made an honorable contribu-tion. His service here brought luster to the Congress. It is a privilege to call him colleague for all of us, and an even bigger privi-lege to call him friend. In the Hawaiian way of family, he has bound us to-gether. We are all family. I hope that the Takai family knows that they have family always in the Congress of the United States. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ). Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of a truly good and humble man. In the time I had the pleasure of knowing Mark, I was able to call him not only a colleague, but also, proudly, a friend. Mark and I came to Congress in the same class almost 2 short years ago. Upon meeting Mark, I instantly knew that I had a new colleague that I could talk openly to, and I knew that he would always listen with an open mind. We also shared a mutual love and de-sire to serve our constituents who also have so much in common, including a shared heritage. Mark’s heart was that of a public servant. Always willing to do whatever it took to best serve the people of Ha-waii, Mark set an example for us all on how to put our communities above our-selves and serve for the betterment of everyone. This includes his service in the United States Army National Guard, during which time he served as a medical officer in Operation Iraqi Freedom. I want to express my deepest condo-lences to Mark’s wife, Sami, his two children, Matthew and Kaila, and wish for them comfort during this difficult time. I know that they can take solace in the fact that Mark was a great man who will always be respected and re-vered not for what he did for himself, but what he did for others. I am grateful for the opportunity to talk about my friend, Mark. He will be dearly missed. I thank Representative GABBARD . God bless Mark, his family, and the United States. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ). Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my col-league, Ms. G
ABBARD , for her very elo-quent words yesterday. All the speak-ers did a remarkable job in a ceremony that was sad and poignant that really captured the spirit of who Mark was. In the Hawaiian Islands, there is a word for family. Forgive my pronuncia-tion—being from Pennsylvania—if I botch this, but I believe it is pro-nounced ohana. Ask anyone who lived or grew up there and they will tell you it is more than a word. It refers to not only your immediate family, but to ex-tended family and beyond, even to strangers that you may not know. It is a very unique and strong bond amongst the Hawaiian people who live there. I experienced that ohana firsthand when I met Mark and his family during our congressional orientation. Sami and my wife, Jenny, immediately bond-ed, as did Mark and I, and the way Matthew and Kaila played with our daughter, Abby. I have many memories of that ori-entation and I actually was looking at a number of the pictures last night re-flecting on Mark, reflecting on the ceremony yesterday, and preparing for today. As Leader P
ELOSI pointed out, this picture of Mark really captures his warmth, his spirit, and the way he ap-proached life. It inspires me, and I think all of us, to approach each and every day with a smile on our face no matter the difficulties of the moment or the seeming difficulties that in the larger scheme of things might not quite be as difficult or as important as we take them to be. In this political crucible that we call Congress, Mark brought his personal sense of ohana to our body politic: his sense of understanding and willingness to find compromise where there often seemed to be none, his sense of seeing you as a friend with differences to work out and not as an adversary or an enemy, and his commitment to making sure we all found the common ground that so often eludes us. He was here a brief period of time, but he left his mark. Any of us may serve 2 years or 20 years or beyond. I don’t think each of us, though, will be able to say that we have actually left our mark. I hope we will be able to. It can be said about Mark Takai in his short period here that he touched every single person who knew him. I love you, Mark, and I miss you. I love his beautiful family. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman G
ABBARD for giving us this opportunity to say a few words about somebody whom we cared about and respected so much and who brought so much joy and positivity to this Congress. To his family—to Sami, to Matthew, and to Kaila, thank you for sharing him with us. It meant a lot to us. The Hawaiian word ‘‘pono’’ means righteousness. It is the idea that moral character leads to happiness. It means doing what is morally right and self-less. It is the word that so captures my feelings about Mark Takai, and that is what we see here in this picture. Too often our society takes the no-tion of public service for granted. Mark was the embodiment of the idea of pub-lic service, an idea that he was so proud to take part in—first, in the military and, at the same time, also continuing on in government. As I mentioned before in this House, Mark was a force of positivity. He was a leader who did not lead by force of will, but he led by being humble. He listened, he was effective at what he did, and he always brought us great warmth. He was the embodiment of bravery first in his service to his Nation—our Nation—and then in his battle against cancer. His passing is a great loss to his family, to Hawaii, for this Cham-ber, and our Nation. Mr. Speaker, we have truly lost one of the good guys. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman G
ABBARD for sched-uling this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, Mark was a special presence in the freshman class of the 114th Congress. He brought his Hawai-ian cheer to every room he entered, and I got to enjoy this perhaps more than most because he was my fourth- floor Cannon hallmate. Early on, Mark decided that as hallmates, our staffs should get to-gether and break bread. A Hawaiian pizza party was born, and Mark burst in with a hearty aloha and bearing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.020 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5518 September 15, 2016 
gifts of chocolate-covered Macadamia nuts and Hawaiian coffee. He regaled the staff with a few good stories, and it always seems that he led with his is-land shirt, a lei, and an enormous smile wherever he went. Our hearts are with Sami and the children. Mark will be sorely missed. After Mark was diagnosed with pan-creatic cancer, he was resolute, brave, and determined to do all possible to battle a very difficult disease. But months later, when it was clear that Mark was dying, he seemed different to me. He grieved for his children, for Sami, for his myriad friends, and per-haps especially for all that he wanted to accomplish here in the people’s House. We never know when our time will come, and Mark’s life and death teach-es us that we must make the most of each and every day. Mark Takai was a superlative role model and a beloved friend. God bless you, Mark, and all your generations to come. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ). Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. Twenty-eight years—1988—that is how long I have known Mark. As long as I have known him, he always was the champion for the most vulnerable. We met at the University of Hawaii. He was the serious one—if you can imag-ine that—and focused. At the Ka Leo O Hawaii student newspaper where he was editor, he in-vestigated sexual harassment at a time when victims were routinely blamed and disbelieved. Perhaps that is not too hard to believe because even today that is happening, but almost 30 years ago, he stood up for the victims. We were there watching him as he stood up and was sued by the very same union that later on became some of his biggest supporters for his stance on education. In fact, he brought millions back to Hawaii for education—work that took not months or years, but sometimes a decade of steady work. He was worried about the education of our military children who must fol-low their servicemember parents from base to base. He wanted to make sure that they got good, continuous edu-cation and did not lose out because their parents were serving our Nation. Mark had so many aspects to him. Some of it was funny, some of it was annoying, and some of it was so unique to him. But it was all part of what a great person—a great human being—he was. I remember the months of emails and conversations we would have long dis-tance—I was in Illinois and he was in Hawaii—when he was about to get his first Nissan LEAF. He was so proud he would get the very first one on the is-lands, and then his annoyance when the commanding general of the Hawaii National Guard got the first one and he got the second. I told him he was being ridiculous, that it didn’t matter, and that what he was doing was going to be good for the environment and the world regardless. I had no idea that I was opening the door for years and years of conversations with Mark where he would detail exactly how much wattage he had sold back to Ha-waii Electric from the solar panels on his roof or how long he had been able to go without having to recharge his electric vehicle. He was there when my husband con-vinced me that we should ourselves buy an electric vehicle and the conversa-tions the two of them would have about how important it was. It tried even this progressive Democrat’s pa-tience. But he was always also there for oth-ers. I think one of the greatest skills that Mark had was to get others to join him in his cause, whatever that was; to get others to come and help share the load, whatever the load needed to be. Every time I went to Hawaii, whether it was on a family vacation or just to visit my mom who, by the way, lived in Pearl City, his Hawaii district, he would say: ‘‘Tammy, I need you to do this. I need you to go to this middle school and talk to these kids. Tammy, I need you to come do this. I need you to go to the University of Hawaii. I want you to go to the memorial. We need to talk and be there for the family of this fallen servicemember. Do you remember your friend from the Hawaii Guard?’’ It was always: ‘‘Tammy, we have got something to do.’’ b1145 And do you know what? He made it so much fun that you always did any-way. You went, and you were better for it, Hawaii was better for it, and the constituency got the service of a man who was never, ever on vacation, who never stopped. One of the things that I think you have heard from other folks here was just the pure joy of living that Mark had—all the meals that we would eat. He would show up, and you might just want to go get a sandwich someplace, but you were always off for an adven-ture for a new restaurant or a better place to eat. It was actually at one of those unfor-gettable meals when he mentioned to me that he was interested in running for Congress. The minute he said it, I knew that I was on board because he was perfect for this House. He was per-fect to be here to work on behalf of not just the people of Hawaii but for the people of the United States. He was au-dacious but gentle. He was crusading and firm. I couldn’t think of anyone who belonged here more. He had planned to serve for years, decades, gaining seniority to serve Hawaii. I miss him every day. He would sit in that seat over there next to me in my wheelchair. I don’t sit there now. I stopped when he could no longer be here. It was too much to try to sit next to the empty seat where Mark would sit. I would only go back when he was back here to vote. Before his illness, we had planned to reserve adjacent military morale wel-fare recreation cabins at Barking Sands missile range for a joint family vacation. As he took a turn for the worse, he actually came up to me on this floor and said he was sorry, he was sorry that he couldn’t keep our date with our families. The man was dying, and he was apologizing to me. That was Mark. Even as he was fighting for his life, as he was working to secure the future for his two beloved children and the love of his life, he was concerned for others. He sat through the entire NDAA until 3:00 in the morning. When we were exhausted and tired and didn’t think we could make it, there was Mark, fighting cancer, a big smile on his face, flashing a shaka to everyone. I will treasure always one of our final trips together to Israel where we vis-ited an Iron Dome battery together. Even as he was fighting for his life, he was concerned and working to ensure that the security of our Nation and our ally Israel was secure. I am so glad he made it here and that he served. I am so glad that he made such a big difference in so many lives here. But that was Mark. From the time he was a young man to the day that he left us, he was about service to others. Thank you very much—mahalo nui loa—Mark, for being my friend, for showing me how to be a better person, and for showing me a better way to serve. I miss you. I will never forget you. Until we meet again—a hui kaua. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ). Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman G
ABBARD . Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and the legacy of my colleague, Mark Takai. I first met Mark when we were elected together. We were fresh-men, and we were going through ori-entation. All of us were competing for staff office space and competing on who could get to class the quickest and who could find their way from point A to point B the quickest. We had a lot of fun together, and we got to know each other through those brief few days. After we returned to Washington, we were sworn in as Members of Congress. I have a clear memory of how deeply Mark cared about his home State and his family. Congress is a tough place, and Mark was even tougher. Mark and I were competing for a subcommittee assignment on the Natural Resources Committee. He and I both wanted to serve on the Natural Resources Com-mittee Subcommittee on Indian, Insu-lar and Alaska Native Affairs that oversaw the territories’ natural re-sources of Hawaii and Alaska native af-fairs. I got the spot, and Mark came marching into my office with chocolate in his hand. He didn’t make an appoint-ment, by the way, and he had no staff with him. We were going to have a con-versation, more of a spar over this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.021 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5519 September 15, 2016 
committee assignment. And over choc-olate, Mark made me promise that his beautiful home State of Hawaii would always be my priority, and I did. Mark created so many opportunities for us to visit and get to know his home State, the beauty that it offers with its natural resources. He actually created a long list of people that I should meet in order to fully under-stand the needs of the island. I am sorry, Mark, that I didn’t get to join you in Hawaii, but thank you for the opportunity to know you. Sami, thank you for sharing such a wonderful man with not only the fresh-men class, but with the entire member-ship of Congress and the Senate. We love Mark, we love you, and your fam-ily, and we are here for you. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great sadness to honor a colleague and a friend, Congressman Mark Takai. Even though I only had two short years to work with Mark, that’s all I needed to gain a sense of his overwhelming passion for public service. He served Hawaii as a state rep-resentative for 20 years, and defended our freedoms as a Lieutenant Colonel in the Ha-waii Army National Guard. Mark honorably represented his constituents in the House of Representatives, and was a model to those who put service to others before themselves. He always talked about his wife Sami, and kids, Matthew and Kaila. He beamed with ex-citement when they were coming to visit or when he was going back home. Mark was very humble—when he was curi-ous about something he didn’t hesitate to ask questions. He was a fierce advocate for Ha-waii, small businesses, and veterans, and was always thinking of ways to help. We are all better for having known him, and he will be missed. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember a friend and dear col-league who was taken from us far too soon. Congressman Mark Takai was a true states-man, public servant and an inspiration to each and every person who had the honor of know-ing him. All of us in this Chamber are heart-broken by this loss. Throughout his life—as a National Guards-men, a leader in the Hawaii state legislature, and as a Member of Congress, Mark epito-mized what it means to serve. He fought tenaciously to better the lives of his constituents, and showed courage and strength in the face of adversity. Mark loved his family—his wife Sami and his children Matthew and Kaila. He wanted to make this country better for them and for ev-eryone who calls it home. Mark was an example of what Congress should be, and his legacy will live on through his vision and unyielding commitment to bettering the lives of others. My sincerest thoughts and prayers continue to be with Mark’s family. I can only imagine the sense of loss they feel, because I lost a friend and there is a hole in my heart. We thank them for sharing Mark with us. May they find comfort in knowing that his im-pact on the American people and the people of Hawaii is indelible and will not be forgotten. REMEMBERING THE LATE HONORABLE MARK TAKAI The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. H
ONDA ) for 30 minutes. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. G
ABBARD for bringing us together here this afternoon. I have to say that this is a special time here for all of us. I was sitting here listening to all of the wonderful memories of Mark. We are so privileged to have known Mark. May I just say this: I have been in and around Congress a long time, and this is so highly unusual for an indi-vidual, any individual, who has been here to have this kind of response. Mark was special. Amongst our sadness that we feel here, we can’t help but smile when we think about him. That is what he did for us all the time. I didn’t know Mark very long at all, but I feel like I have known Mark for-ever. He has been a joy to all of us. He is somebody that has come into our lives and grabbed our hearts in such a meaningful way. And he came to Con-gress with a purpose. He said: Oh, he is merely a freshman. Mark Takai was never merely a freshman. He came with his commitment and his duty and his love of country wanting to do the best thing. His impact was immediate. He had already been in the legislature and served in the Army National Guard. He had experience. He understood what it meant to be American and to do the right thing. He also understood what it meant to be a loving father, a husband, a son, and a wonderful sibling. He was the complete person. We don’t meet many of those people in our lives. And when we do, we remember, we will al-ways remember. He demonstrated a selfless dedication to public service, to all of us, from a young age, by being a State representa-tive for two decades, and through his service to our country in the Army Na-tional Guard and in Congress for such a short time. My memories of him are just so joy-ful because I watched his commitment. I went on that trip with Leader P
ELOSI  last April, and he was so privileged to be a part of that group. As the Leader said, we started out in San Francisco and then we went to Hawaii. We met many service people, and we were meeting the military with security as-pects in mind. Leader P
ELOSI said to Mark: Mark, you are our expert here, you have served, and you understand. And Mark said: Oh, yes, ma’am. Then he turned to me after a while and said: D
ORIS, I am just a freshman. I said: You are not a freshman; you know what is going on; and you can stand up to the generals and everyone else because you understand. And do you know what? He was our expert, and we were so proud of him throughout that whole trip. That is what I remember so much about him. He took responsibility, but he also understood the human side. Be-cause on that trip, as we went through our official duties, there would be Mark always with a smile and a laugh and always trying to find a better place to eat, a place he had heard about from someone he met on the street, some person who said: You have got to try this little restaurant. So sometimes after our official din-ners, he would say: Do you want to go to this little restaurant that I just found? We would say: No, we don’t want to do that. But do you know what? He was a Pied Piper. He was a Pied Piper, and we wanted to be with him. We are going to miss him so much. He was a complete person. We love him. We are going to miss him. Let me just say this: Sami, Matthew, Kaila, the family, we will never forget him. He touched us in a way that few people have. We love him, and we will miss him. We love you, and we will al-ways remember him. b1200 Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ). Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, so much has been said about Mark today, I can’t repeat it all. But as I have been look-ing at this picture, I just find it hard to accept that he is gone. You know, we meet each other here in the House. There are 435 people. We don’t know each person who is here. We tend to meet each other best when we serve on committees. I actually first met Mark on the airplane, of course, because each Member of the California delegation flies home to California every week. It is to be forgiven if Mem-bers from Hawaii or Samoa don’t go every week because, by the time you get there, it is time to come back to Washington, but Mark went home every week. And I would get on that plane, and there he would be, because he was so devoted not only to his con-stituents, but to his wife and to his children. He needed to be with them every week. Much has been said about this trip to Asia. I was on that trip. And on these congressional delegations, spouses are invited to come to keep company with the Members. My husband was not able to come, and Mark’s wife was not able to come either, so we sat next to each other for that entire trip. I heard all about his wonderful wife and his won-derful children throughout that trip in Asia. I have such precise memories of Mark, as D
ORIS MATSUI has said. He was a freshman Member but someone who was on the Armed Services Com-mittee, who had served in Iraq, who was Active Duty Hawaii National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.023 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5520 September 15, 2016 
Guard, and who spoke with such clarity and poise not only with our American military, but, as we met with foreign leaders, was able to hold his own. I have vivid memories of us meeting with the communists in Vietnam and facing off with those communist lead-ers to advocate for human rights. Mark did that for freedom. He believed in freedom. He believed in this country. He loved his family. He loved this insti-tution. We will miss him greatly. But I actu-ally think, in a way that is very pro-found, his short time here has changed this institution for the better. We thank Mark for that, and we thank his family for letting him serve here with us. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Northern Mar-iana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ). Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman H
ONDA for yielding. It is a great sadness to lose a neigh-bor, and Mark Takai was my neighbor. He was a man of the Pacific, an is-lander. And though our islands are thousands of miles apart, for the people of the Pacific, distance does not sepa-rate. Distance and the knowledge that we have the stamina, the ability to read sea and sky and the courage to trust in our own capacity—distance connects us. Distance makes us neigh-bors. Mark Takai was my neighbor. As islanders, our foothold is trimmed by the vast sea, but our vision sweeps be-yond the horizon. Look at the legislation Mark Takai brought out in his brief time here. We can see the islander’s breadth of vision reflected in his concerns: veterans, stu-dents, small-business people, home-owners. Mark Takai took them all to heart, wanted to help them all. As an islander, he cared too. He cared a lot about the natural environment. We who have so little land cherish it all the more. We take seriously our re-sponsibility to steward the land, to pass it on to the next generation whole and thriving. We honor the deep wis-dom that the land is inseparable; my land and yours are one. We know the union of neighbors. Mark Takai was my neighbor. Here in Congress as well, Mark’s office stands across the hall from mine in Cannon. We could have opened both our doors and, seated at our desks, seen each other at work. We would pass in the hall, share a word, feel the connection of our shared experience. We both trav-eled a very long way from very dif-ferent cultures to be here. In that, we were neighbors. Now his door is closed. Now his lights are dimmed. Farewell, Mark. Farewell, neighbor. Our Lord decides our time—I Saina Man Des Popone. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I was going to start out by saying that I rise today in mourning, but I don’t think it is about mourning. It is about cele-brating Mark’s life. We have heard all about Mark’s char-acter, his person, his presence in this Hall; and I think it is important for not only the family to hear this, but for Matthew and Kaila to hear it, too. For their short lives, they must have shared their dad intermittently. And while he was here, I used to ask him: Did you call home? Did you call your kids? Well, he always said yes, so I stopped asking him because I knew that that was part of the way he lived his life here. It is fitting that we talk about Mark here in the dome, the Capitol, because I think there are three places that Mark did his work. He did his work in church, under this dome, and his home, and he did it well. He did it according to, I think, the way his parents had raised him, both Erik and Naomi. I could tell because, when he used my car, he returned it better than I gave it to him: clean and with the tank full. I didn’t know he was so much into sustainable energy, so I hope it didn’t offend him if he drove the hybrid. But I certainly feel good every time I sit in the car right now, because I know he was there with Sami, his family, when-ever he went to church or took the drive to Baltimore for treatment. I always told him that my prayers are with him because I believe in the power of prayer. But I suppose that there is a greater power, and that is the will of his Savior. I think he is with him right now. I tried to think of a way to describe Mark here in front of his family and his two youngsters, but I guess because church is such an important aspect of his life—I know that because he and Sami would go to church a lot, consist-ently, faithfully, to the First Pres-byterian Church of Honolulu at Ko’olau and here in Virginia. So that told me that, between his upbringing and his faith, that everything that peo-ple talk about was a pure reflection of his upbringing and the kind of person he was. To Naomi and Erik, you have done good, and I know that he had followed your teachings, because when you were staying over, you left behind a lot of kakimochi, Hawaiian coffee. And I have to tell you, for the record, I never shared it because it was so meaningful and delightful to have eaten that stuff by myself, but I also know that that is part of aloha, that is part of being ohana. So those things I have learned from Mark. I am older than he is, but I still learned that, as a son, as a husband, as a father, as a brother, as an uncle, that how we live is the demonstration of a person’s life. I think that someone said earlier: What would Mark do? What would Mark say? I suspect that Mark, when he would wonder what he had to do, he would probably say: What would Jesus do? And I think that that would be probably an accurate statement. Mark lived his life well, and he lived his life in such a way that it is some-thing that I wanted to be able to copy, because I always look for something that makes me a better person. He was gentle, Christlike, thoughtful, kashikoi, and at peace with himself. And I think that sense of peace is the strength that we saw every day here. The day that he came back from the hospital, he was here on the floor, and the first thing he said to me, as he said to TAMMY : How are you? He asked me how I was. He demonstrated to me that the way you are, the way you speak, the way you behave is another way of ministering to others of who you are and what you believe in. When he came down here with his friend Scott Nishimoto, they did bor-row my car to visit another friend who was recuperating at the hospital from her battle wounds, T
AMMY DUCKWORTH . So even though it was a short time that I had been able to know Mark, your dad, he was a wonderful example of someone that I would hope and imagine that you would be able to keep in mind and try to emulate also. There is nothing greater than children who would want to be like their parents, and I think that this is something that you might want to consider. Every day when I was a kid, my dad used to say: When you leave this house, be a mirror. I said: Be a mirror? He said: Yes, be a good reflection of who you are and where you come from so that you will always bring pride to our family. So, Matthew, Kaila, you shared your dad with us, and I hope that you get the sense that the idea of immortality is what my dad used to say: Immor-tality is sharing a bit of yourself with somebody else. They take that which was shared and pass it on to others, and that is an earthly immortality. But right now, he is with his own Savior, and he is waiting. And I think that our faith will sustain us and give us strength to move on and live life as he has taught us and has taught you. To the family, thank you for allow-ing me to be briefly part of your ohana and your friend. I will sign off from this floor to both you, Matthew and Kaila, as Uncle Mike. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ). b1215 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from our beautiful State of Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for giving us the opportunity to reflect on an ex-traordinary man. To the family, let me say, as I was sitting here and contemplating the pain and anguish and loss that you feel, I also was reflecting on the fact that many people leave this Chamber after they have served their time. They may be remembered by a moment of si-lence, maybe not. As painful as it is to have lost Mark and in the way that you have lost him, I hope there is some solace, some balm that will soothe you in knowing how extraordinary it is to have a person like Mark, who has served in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.025 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5521 September 15, 2016 
House, be so loved to the point that we would have a special ceremony in Stat-uary Hall and we would spend an hour reflecting on his life. It is a great reflection on his family. It is a great reflection on our country that we have so recognized such an outstanding leader. When I think of Mark, I think of a number of words to describe him. I think of grace. I think of stoic courage. I think of integrity. Now, many people have spoken about the grace with which he handled this horrific disease and the stoic courage he showed. I am going to spend a few minutes just talking about integrity. I have been working on an issue for some time here in Congress on the incidence of military sexual trauma and the fact that there is so much of it that goes on that goes unaddressed. Each year, I have brought an amendment to the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act to try and take these cases out of the chain of command. I have not suc-ceeded. I took it up last March and was cer-tainly counting the votes, but I wasn’t counting Mark as one of those votes because my experience had been that those who have served in leadership in the military would side with the mili-tary and not be willing to take these cases out of the chain of command. You can imagine how shocked and in awe I was of him when not only did he vote for the amendment—which was a huge message to the entire membership of the committee that someone ac-tively in the military would recognize the importance of this reform—he spoke up in favor of it. That is a man of extraordinary integrity. I will for-ever be grateful to him for cracking open the myth that members of the military don’t recognize the impor-tance of dealing with that issue. Mark Takai, you live on for all of us. You are a great example for all of us as to how to lead as a Member of Congress with great dignity, with great integ-rity, and with great grace. Mr. HONDA. I yield back the balance of my time. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind the Members that clause 7 of rule XVII does not permit references to occupants of the gallery. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Sep-tember 19, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 6851. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment of Defense Chemical Demilitariza-tion Program Semi-Annual Report to Con-gress for September 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1521(j); Public Law 99-145, Sec. 1412 (as amended by Public Law 112-239, Sec. 1421(a)); (126 Stat. 204); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6852. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: New Des-ignated Country-Moldova (DFARS Case 2016- D028) [Docket: DARS-2016-0032] (RIN: 0750- AJ07) received September 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6853. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Department of Energy Property Man-agement Regulations (RIN: 1991-AB73) re-ceived September 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6854. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to persons undermining democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe that was declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6855. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Venezuela that was de-clared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6856. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Ukraine that was de-clared in Executive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6857. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to the Entity List [160609506-6506- 01] (RIN: 0694-AH00) received September 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6858. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments to Existing Validated End-User Authorization in the People’s Republic of China: Boeing Tianjin Composites Co. Ltd. [Docket No.: 160810722-6722-01] (RIN: 0694- AH05) received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6859. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Wassenaar Arrangement 2015 Plenary Agree-ments Implementation, Removal of Foreign National Review Requirements, and Informa-tion Security Updates [160217120-6120-01] (RIN: 0694-AG85) received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6860. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the Second Quarter re-port of Settlements Against the United States Exceeding $2 Million and Settlements by the United States with Nonmonetary Re-lief Exceeding Three Years, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a)(1); Public Law 107-273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6861. A letter from the Chair, Committee on Rules of Practice and Procedure, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmit-ting a letter regarding the pending amend-ment to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 4(m); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6862. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s interim final rule — Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustments (RIN: 3245- AG80) received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6863. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-3696; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-113- AD; Amendment 39-18625; AD 2016-17-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 12, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6864. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; PILATUS Aircraft Ltd. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-7026; Directorate Identifier 2016-CE-016-AD; Amendment 39- 18620; AD 2016-17-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6865. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-3990; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-153-AD; Amendment 39-18622; AD 2016-17-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6866. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; RUAG Aerospace Services GmbH Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6983; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-CE-012-AD; Amendment 39-18618; AD 2016-17-05] received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6867. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-0463; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-155-AD; Amendment 39-18623; AD 2016-17-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15SE7.027 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5522 September 15, 2016 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6868. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Textron Aviation, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-8992; Directorate Identifier 2016-CE-021-AD; Amendment 39- 18621; AD 2016-17-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6869. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-8846; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-046-AD; Amendment 39-18624; AD 2016-17-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6870. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-4221; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-167-AD; Amendment 39-18619; AD 2016-17-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6871. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscella-neous Amendments [Docket No.: 31093; Amdt. No.: 528] received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6872. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; International Aero Engines AG Tur-bofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4123; Directorate Identifier 2016-NE-06-AD; Amendment 39-18640; AD 2016-18-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 12, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6873. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3986; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-057-AD; Amendment 39-18613; AD 2016-16-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6874. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-4226; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-095- AD; Amendment 39-18616; AD 2016-17-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 12, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6875. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8463; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-226- AD; Amendment 39-18612; AD 2016-16-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 12, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6876. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; All Hot Air Balloons [Docket No.: FAA-2016-8989; Directorate Identifier 2016- CE-025-AD; Amendment 39-18617; AD 2016-17- 04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6877. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Dupree, SD [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 3599; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AGL-14] re-ceived September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6878. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Slaton, TX [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 3785; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASW-9] re-ceived September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6879. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31089; Amdt. No.: 3707] received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6880. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA-2011-0060; Notice No.: 3] (RIN: 2130-AC31) received September 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1296. A bill to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Set-tlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–747). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 6035. A bill to ensure that Medicaid beneficiaries have the opportunity to receive care in a home and community-based set-ting; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 6036. A bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex of-fenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. F
ARR): H.R. 6037. A bill to amend the Peace Corps Act to expand services and benefits for vol-unteers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. R
ENACCI , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. T
URNER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. F
INCHER ): H.R. 6038. A bill to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 6039. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to redistribute unused residency positions to hospitals in States with shortages of residents and health pro-fessionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 6040. A bill to provide supplemental appropriations to respond to the Zika virus, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. K
INGof New York, and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY ): H.R. 6041. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to issue a rule requiring all new passenger motor vehicles to be equipped with a child safety alert system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6042. A bill to nullify certain proposed regulations relating to restrictions on liq-uidation of an interest with respect to es-tate, gift, and generation-skipping transfer taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. D OG-
GETT , and Mr. W ELCH ): H.R. 6043. A bill to require reporting re-garding certain drug price increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 6044. A bill to limit the amount au-thorized to be appropriated to carry out chapter 2 of title IV of the Immigration and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15SE7.000 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5523 September 15, 2016 
Nationality Act, relating to refugee resettle-ment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. M
ARCHANT , and Mr. R OTHFUS ): H.R. 6045. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to make the Postmaster General the im-porter of record for non-letter class mail and to require the provision of advance elec-tronic information about shipments of non- letter class mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. S
TIV-
ERS, and Mr. T IBERI ): H.R. 6046. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into partnerships with public and private entities to provide legal services to homeless veterans and vet-erans at risk of homelessness; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. S
HERMAN , and Mr. P OEof Texas): H.R. 6047. A bill to encourage visits be-tween the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Ms. L EE, and Ms. A
DAMS ): H.R. 6048. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an exemption and payments from taxation for 501(c)(3) bonds issued on behalf of a historically black college or uni-versity; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. G OSAR , Ms. M
CSALLY , and Mr. S ALMON ): H.R. 6049. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an exemption to the individual mandate to maintain health coverage for individuals residing in counties with fewer than 2 health insurance issuers offering plans on an Exchange; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: H.R. 6050. A bill to provide debt and tax transparency to taxpayers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6051. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram to provide States with funds to detect fraud, waste, and abuse in the State Med-icaid programs under title XIX of the Social Security Act and to recover improper pay-ments resulting from such fraud, waste, and abuse; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6052. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the possession of a firearm by a person who is adjudicated to have committed a violent ju-venile act; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6053. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to establish a loan program to as-sist and provide incentives for manufactur-ers to reinvest in making products in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6054. A bill to help ensure that all items offered for sale in any gift shop of the National Park Service or of the National Ar-chives and Records Administration are pro-duced in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6055. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require radio and tele-vision broadcasters to provide free broad-casting time for political advertising, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6056. A bill to assess the impact of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), to require further negotiation of certain provisions of NAFTA, and to provide for the withdrawal from NAFTA unless cer-tain conditions are met; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6057. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit con-tributions and expenditures by multi-candidate political committees controlled by foreign-owned corporations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. TONKO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. B EYER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. K
USTER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M AT-
SUI, and Ms. K APTUR ): H.R. 6058. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for an invest-ment tax credit related to the production of electricity from offshore wind; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. G
IBSON ): H.R. 6059. A bill to provide for the accurate reporting of fossil fuel production and emis-sions from public lands, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. C OLE): H.R. 6060. A bill to provide for the equi-table settlement of certain Indian land dis-putes regarding land in Illinois, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K
IND, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 6061. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to make grants to States that establish and carry out programs to assist local educational agencies in testing for, and remedying, lead contamination in drinking water from any source of lead contamination at schools under the jurisdiction of such agencies; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 6062. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices, Oversight and Government Reform, En-ergy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Edu-cation and the Workforce, Financial Serv-ices, Small Business, the Budget, and the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6063. A bill to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require investment advisers who advise a private fund that owns an emergency services company to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission the average response times of emergency ve-hicles deployed by such company in response to 9-1-1 calls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6064. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to establish a competitive pilot pro-gram for STEM education or career training programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. J
EFFRIES , and Mr. E NGEL ): H.R. 6065. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the pre-vention and treatment of the use of syn-thetic recreational drugs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Ms. A
DAMS , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. V
EASEY , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H. Con. Res. 153. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a day should be designated as ‘‘National Voting Rights Act Mobilization Day’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Ms. KAPTUR: H. Con. Res. 154. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the Su-preme Court misinterpreted the First Amendment to the Constitution in the case of Buckley v. Valeo; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. H
ANNA , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. B
OST, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. P OCAN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15SE7.100 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5524 September 15, 2016 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. J
OLLY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. L AR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. D
ENT, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. B ARR, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARNEY , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B RAT, Mr. F OS-
TER, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-vania, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. P
OLIQUIN ): H. Con. Res. 155. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for designation of the first Friday of October as ‘‘Manufacturing Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. H
ARRIS , and Mr. R
USSELL ): H. Con. Res. 156. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Joint Committee on the Library to accept a statue commemorating the Hun-garian Revolution of 1956 for placement in the United States Capitol, authorizing the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a cere-mony for the presentation of the statue, and directing the Architect of the Capitol to place the statue in a suitable permanent lo-cation in the Capitol; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. HANNA: H. Res. 870. A resolution recognizing the 200th anniversary of the Remington Arms Company; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H. Res. 871. A resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign countries to intensify efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H. Res. 872. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Community Gar-dening Awareness Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ISRAEL: H. Res. 873. A resolution urging that the policy of the United States should be that Government institutions use security meas-ures known as cryptographic splitting, the strongest available form of data centric se-curity, to secure sensitive and personal in-formation for data at rest and data in mo-tion; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Sec. 8. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 6038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress). By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 6039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 6040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section IX ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in consequence of Appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer therof. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 6044. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 4, Article 1, Section 8 of the Con-stitution Gives Congress the authority to es-tablish an uniform Rule of Naturalization By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 6045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 6046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 6047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 6048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 which states: Congress has the power to regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. HECK of Nevada: H.R. 6049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: H.R. 6050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to the Congress by Article 1, Sec. 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.R. 6055. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 4. Clause 1, The times, places and manner of holding elections for Senators and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15SE7.100 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5525 September 15, 2016 
Representatives, shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature thereof; but the Con-gress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. Clause 3, To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 4. Clause 1, The times, places and manner of holding elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature thereof; but the Con-gress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators. Section 8. Clause 3, To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 6058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 6059. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 3. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 6060. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 1 of Article III of the Constitution By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6061. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 6062. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Paragraph 18. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6063. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6064. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6065. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 531: Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 846: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1095: Mr. T
AKANO and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 1217: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 1530: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2016: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 2493: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2656: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 2903: Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 2991: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3084: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. W ITT-
MAN, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 3099: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 3316: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3381: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3397: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 3537: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3779: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 3799: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 3886: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4225: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 4277: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4298: Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. R
EED, and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 4365: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 4442: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 4500: Mr. A
BRAHAM and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 4592: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. R ICE of South Carolina. H.R. 4616: Mr. Y
ODER and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4632: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4715: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4907: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4989: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5083: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5167: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 5258: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 5271: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 5374: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5405: Mr. R
OYCE , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 5410: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5412: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5418: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 5474: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5493: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 5499: Mr. F
ORBES , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 5506: Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5628: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 5682: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5689: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5732: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M
ENG, and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 5734: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5813: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 5838: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 5904: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 5908: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 5931: Mr. C
ALVERT and Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 5932: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 5942: Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C
LAY, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 5946: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5948: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. B
ECERRA , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. L EE, Mr. R OYCE , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5961: Mr. G
OWDY and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 5962: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. H
ANNA . H.R. 5980: Mr. C
ARNEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 5989: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. I
SRAEL , Ms. M ENG, Mr. A MODEI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B
ARR, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 5996: Ms. L
EE, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. H OYER . H.R. 6003: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 6008: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 6023: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. M
CCAUL and Mrs. L
UMMIS . H. Con. Res. 143: Mr. E
LLISON . H. Res. 28: Mr. S
CHRADER . H. Res. 591: Mr. J
ONES and Mr. L AHOOD. H. Res. 817: Mr. I
SSA. H. Res. 845: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H. Res. 853: Mr. B
RATand Mr. G OSAR . H. Res. 857: Mr. S
ERRANO . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
88. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging the Congress to enact legislation that would prohibit the De-partment of the Treasury, on its own initia-tive, and would likewise prohibit the Presi-dent from issuing an Executive Order that would result in the United States dis-continuing its own monetary currency and shifting instead to participation in an inter-national currency; which was referred to the Committee on Financial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE7.010 H15SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5729 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 2016 No. 140 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, refuge of all who flee to You, send Your power among us, bringing comfort and direction for our lives. Be with our lawmakers. If their eyes have been closed to Your graces, open them. Make them so aware of Your providential movements in their lives that in the quietness of this mo-ment of prayer, they will feel true gratitude. Lord, strengthen them to do Your will on Earth, causing justice to roll down like waters and righteous-ness like a mighty stream. May they measure their attitudes and responses by the standard of Divine love. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 3326 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 3326) to give States the authority to provide temporary access to affordable private health insurance options outside of Obamacare exchanges. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
WELCOMING THE BURMESE STATE COUNSELLOR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I have the distinct honor of wel-coming my dear friend, Burmese State Counsellor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, as she visits the Capitol. Daw Suu is an incredible woman with an incredible life story. She has en-dured much since prodemocracy pro-tests first swept her country many years ago. What followed was a story made for Hollywood. In fact, it is a story that Hollywood has made. The story of Aung San Suu Kyi—of the longtime political prisoner who had be-come the voice of her people, then de facto leader of her country—is about more than ‘‘The Lady’’ herself; it is about the journey of a country and a people. I first learned of that journey dec-ades ago as I read of Daw Suu’s heroic support for democratic reform, peace-ful reconciliation, and human rights in her country. It may not have been the most popular political call back then, but it was important. I decided then to make this cause my own whenever pos-sible. Over the years, that has meant sponsoring needed sanctions on the previous Burmese regime, it has meant promoting political and constitutional reforms and meeting with Burmese leaders, and it has meant keeping in close contact with Daw Suu. Whatever the task, it has been an honor to do my own small part to advocate for change in Burma and support my friend. It has been truly remarkable to see the changes that have taken hold in Burma in recent years—changes that once seemed literally unattainable. Last year the world looked on as Daw Suu led her National League for De-mocracy to victory in Burma’s general election. For those keeping score, this was actually the second time she had done this, but, unlike the election in 1990, these results were actually ac-cepted by the regime. It was a moment many of us had eagerly awaited for decades, and in many ways it re-affirmed the purpose behind Daw Suu’s life’s work, her great sacrifice, and her indestructible resolve. It was also a re-minder of the many challenges that still face the Burmese people, such as addressing much needed constitutional reform and the military’s dispropor-tionate power in Parliament, ending decades-long conflicts and promoting peaceful reconciliation among ethnic groups, and encouraging economic de-velopment. As Daw Suu knows best of all, Burma is still a country with many challenges to hurdle as it strives to achieve a more representational government. The Burmese people are not alone. They, and she, have many friends here in Washington as they work toward re-form and reconciliation. It has been 4 years since Daw Suu last visited us. It was a privilege then to help bestow her with the Congres-sional Gold Medal she had earned many years before. It is a privilege to wel-come her back now in this new capac-ity. I look forward to meeting with her later today and again wishing her all the best and reaffirming my own com-mitment to support her and her coun-try on their path ahead. 
f 
WRDA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another important matter, from the Gulf of Mexico and the Chesapeake Bay to the inland waterways that are so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.000 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5730 September 15, 2016 
important to Kentucky’s maritime jobs, America’s waterways play a cru-cial role in supporting the economy, transporting goods and people from point A to point B, and supplying com-munities with drinking water. As the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator I
NHOFE understands just how critical our waterways are and the importance of maintaining them. That is why he has been working with Ranking Mem-ber B
ARBARA BOXER to craft the bipar-tisan 2016 Water Resources Develop-ment Act, or WRDA. This responsible water resources bill authorizes more than two dozen Army Corps projects from the east coast to the west, and it is expected to save tax-payers $6 million over the next decade. It is also completely paid for. The projects authorized in this bill range from strengthening our waterways’ in-frastructure to helping support safe and reliable drinking water sources. They also invest in priorities each of us cares about, such as improving public health and safety, enhancing com-merce, and supporting America’s eco-systems. Here is what I mean: By in-vesting in flood control projects, dam maintenance, and drinking water infra-structure, this bill will enhance public health and safety. By investing in ports, harbors, locks, and dams, it will strengthen commerce. By investing in restoration and revitalization projects, from the Florida Everglades to the Los Angeles River, it will support Amer-ica’s natural ecosystems. I am also pleased the bill supports several projects in Kentucky that are important to me, to my constituents, and to the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers. One will transfer aging infra-structure along the Green and Barren Rivers in Kentucky over to State and local entities so they can determine the best use of this infrastructure. An-other will help my constituents in Pa-ducah better protect themselves from flooding from the Ohio River by help-ing complete repairs to the city’s flood protection infrastructure. The bill also includes an important coal ash provision that will give States the authority to create their own coal ash permitting requirements and sys-tems to ensure that coal ash is recy-cled and reused in a safe and effective way in accordance with current EPA guidelines. To quote Senator I
NHOFE , the top Re-publican on the committee, this bill will ‘‘support our communities and ex-pand our economy.’’ To quote Senator B
OXER , the top Democrat on the committee, it will provide ‘‘a perfect vehicle to upgrade our water infrastructure.’’ I appreciate their work across the aisle to move this important water re-sources bill forward. Its passage will represent another bipartisan win for American transportation infrastruc-ture. It is another example of what has been possible with a Senate that is back to work for the American people. I look forward to its passage later today, and I would encourage our House colleagues to take action soon so we can send the bill to the Presi-dent. f 
TRIBUTE TO TIM MITCHELL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, one final matter. I would like to say a few words about Tim Mitchell, who has hit a significant milestone in his Senate career this week: 25 years of service. As the Democratic leader has noted on several occasions, Tim’s love for baseball—and the Red Sox in par-ticular—is hard to miss. How big a fan is Tim? Well, a few years back when the Sox won the World Series, the Democratic leader gave a shout-out to Tim when he offered the resolution honoring the team. ‘‘[I]f it were in order,’’ he said then—which it wasn’t, as Tim would be quick to note—‘‘I would ask that . . . this resolution be passed with the name of ‘Tim Mitchell’ on it. . . . I consider myself a fan of baseball,’’ the Democratic leader con-tinued, ‘‘but I have never known a more rabid fan of a baseball team than Tim Mitchell, whom we depend on so very, very much to help us work through all we do in the Senate.’’ I have to say that this is an area where the Democratic leader and I ab-solutely agree. Tim has been a staple around here for a quarter of a century, working his way through some of the most difficult jobs in the Senate as part of the floor staff. To paraphrase Laura Dove, the Secretary for the ma-jority, the work of Tim and his floor staff colleagues could be compared to that of a duck gliding through a pond. Above water, the duck appears to be moving through the pond effortlessly, but if you take a look below the sur-face, you will see its feet working—put-ting in difficult and often unrecognized efforts—to keep it afloat. Tim certainly does so to keep this place afloat—coordinating with his ma-jority counterpart Robert Duncan, sift-ing through heaps of paperwork, and putting in long hours that turn into late nights. Even on those late nights, Tim makes it a priority to not only make it home for family dinner but to prepare it too. Tim, from what I hear, it is takeout night at your house. I would imagine tonight’s dinner will be a little more special than usual, and I know your wife Alicia and your son Ben couldn’t be prouder. Your Senate family is proud of you, too, and we thank you for these 25 years of dedication and serv-ice. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. TRIBUTE TO TIM MITCHELL Mr. REID. Mr. President, I appreciate those remarks of the Republican leader regarding Tim. People have heard me talk about baseball and how I fell in love with baseball as a little boy, listening on the radio and the game of the day. I so wanted to be a baseball player. As time went on, as a young man in college, I realized I wasn’t big enough, fast enough, or good enough to be the base-ball player of my dreams, but that didn’t take away my love for baseball. Living in Southern Nevada, Las Vegas, we had a team, the Dodgers. We listened to the games and watched the games. In the Reno area, Northern Ne-vada, the team was the Giants. We in Southern Nevada didn’t like the Gi-ants. The days of Sandy Koufax, Don Drysdale, Claude Osteen—those were the days of real baseball. Games were 2 to 1, 3 to 0, not these slugfests. We didn’t have those then. In coming back to Washington, in the many years I have been here, we had the Baltimore Orioles. I love their owner—a wonderful man—Peter Angelos. I have been disappointed that they haven’t done better, but they are doing pretty well this year. I have fol-lowed them very closely. Of course, when the Nationals team came here, our attention was focused not entirely on Baltimore—because it was the only team around here—but also on the Na-tionals, and we divided our attention. Of course, I have been to the Nationals games, and it has been great. As the Republican leader and I have said many times, we bicker and fight on some things but never on baseball. We both watch the Nationals and follow what they do. As everyone knows, Greg Maddux from Las Vegas is the best athlete ever to come out of Nevada. We have had some in Northern Nevada, and I recog-nized them also. Some of them played professional football. No one was as good as Greg Maddux, winning more than 350 games, which is unheard of today, a man of, as he would admit, av-erage talent—average talent but a mind and such dedication and such composure and such confidence that he became one of the best of all time. Tim and I have talked about all these things I have talked about regarding baseball. We have talked about Bryce Harper. We recognize he is not having a great year this year. They are afraid of him still. He has walked 104 times, which is unheard of in baseball, but his batting average is not as good as it was. But he was still the Most Valuable Player in baseball at age 22. He has been on the all-star team four or five times already in his young career. Tim and I have talked about all of this, and as he knows, I like the Boston Red Sox, but I am not in the same league as Tim Mitchell. Tim is the As-sistant Secretary for the minority and was for the majority, of course, during my many years as the Democratic leader. We have such a nice relation-ship. We can do our business when we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.002 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5731 September 15, 2016 
need to, and we do that a lot, but we have a good time talking about family and baseball. I don’t know if anybody saw his tie. He has over 100 ties that have a base-ball theme on them. He has on one of those ties today. It is a little hard to see. It is one of those John Kerry ties. I think it is one of those Vineyard Vine ties from Massachusetts, but it is a beautiful tie. It is typical for Tim to wear a baseball tie. He wears one of them to work every day. I wouldn’t say some of them are ugly, but some catch your attention. He watches the Red Sox whenever he can. He goes to games, takes his dad to the games, and takes his son when he can. He watches games here and watch-es them in Baltimore as often as he can with his son. I wouldn’t put it in a class of weird, but it is close. In his basement, he has two seats from Fenway Park. They were worn out there, but he bought them anyway, and now he watches the games in his base-ment on Fenway Park seats. You can’t make up stuff like this. Tim is dedicated to baseball and we recognize that and I admire him for that. Tim, I think you and I are going through the same withdrawals in a few weeks because baseball season is end-ing, and for me baseball season is a tre-mendous respite from what we do here. Frankly, I am not much of a football fan anymore. I have become kind of ad-dicted to soccer after baseball, but dur-ing baseball season, I can go home and watch a few innings, and it is a com-plete deliverance from what goes on here. It is really very nice for me. When I go home to Nevada, wow, is it pleasant because, again, I can watch a 7 p.m. game at 4 p.m. in the afternoon. Pretty good, huh, Tim? Anyway, we will have a little bit of depression here in a few weeks, but his team is doing well. The Nationals are doing well, and Baltimore is doing quite well so we are going to be fine. As dedicated as he is to baseball, he is also dedicated to this institution. He has spent one-quarter of a century here. As the Republican leader men-tioned, this is his 25th anniversary of working in the Senate. He started as an intern with someone I served with in the Senate, Don Riegle from Michi-gan. He started working for him during his junior year in college. After grad-uation, Tim moved to Washington, DC, and became a full-time employee of Senator Riegle. He started out as a lot of us do, answering phones, but he moved on, of course, because of his per-sonality and talent. Following his time on the Banking Committee, which Riegle chaired, he worked on the Whitewater Committee. We all remember that, and there are still parts of that dribbling on in this Presidential election. At that time, he worked for Senator Tom Daschle, who was one of my predecessors, as a re-search assistant, and later on the Democratic policy committee, which I led during part of my tenure in the Senate. In 2001, Tim made a move that would forever change the Senate for the bet-ter. He joined our floor staff. That was a long time ago, but he has been work-ing diligently here ever since. He is armed with an incredible work ethic and a very keen intellect. He has worked his way up on the floor team and has become an expert on Senate rules and procedure. Tim is a lawyer. He went to law school at night and worked here as long as he could. He missed a few class-es because of working late here. During his time as a member of the Demo-cratic floor staff, he has become some-one whom the Republicans appreciate and go to for help just as the Demo-crats do. In 2008, the Senate adopted a resolu-tion making Tim Mitchell the Assist-ant Secretary for the majority. When the Republicans took control of the Senate, he assumed his current posi-tion. Think about all of the important leg-islation Tim has helped us with—and I mean helped us with. There are a num-ber of Senators on the floor this morn-ing. I see Senator B
OXER and Senator D
URBIN . Mrs. BOXER. Senator M
URRAY and Senator S
CHUMER . Mr. REID. They are on the same side as my bad eye, folks. We are all pretty good at what we do, but we would be lost without the Tim Mitchells and Gary Myricks of the world. We would be stumbling around here. We depend on them so very much. Tim has helped us. He has helped us on so many dif-ferent things. He has helped us through the Affordable Care Act, the auto-mobile bailout, and the stimulus. I could go on and on with all we have done, and he has been here helping us. He has accomplished so very much, but I know—and he doesn’t have to give me a long dissertation on this—his role in life is to be a good father to his 10-year-old son Ben and of course a good husband to his wife Alicia. I am sure he accomplishes that very well. Ben is a budding skier—and to no one’s surprise—a baseball player. He speaks, as we all do about our athletes, about how good they are, and in our eyes, they are the best. Alicia and Ben are here with us today. Thank you for sharing Tim with us all of these years. I join the entire U.S. Senate, Demo-crats and Republicans, in thanking Tim Mitchell for his exceptional work for 25 years. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask through the Chair if the Senator will yield for 5 minutes, please. Mr. REID. Yes. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I say through the chair, I see the leadership team is here. I will represent the rank and file, to tell you what Tim means to us. There is a lot of stress around here, not that I have ever experienced nor have I been worried, nervous, or annoy-ing to people, but through it all, Tim is with the team—and they know who they are—giving us advice, protecting us, telling us what are our rights, what we can do and what we can’t do. People outside the Chamber don’t understand what it means to have people like Tim. Tim loves baseball. I grew up six blocks from Ebbets Field and saw the civil rights movement unfold with Jackie Robinson on the bases so we have something in common. If we were voting today, Tim Mitchell would be the most valuable player. We do love you, Tim. Congratula-tions, and we look forward to working with you for a long time. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask through the Chair if the Senator from Nevada will yield for a question. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am happy to yield. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I say through the Chair that I wish to join in. I started my career as a staffer and then as a Parliamentarian so I know what happens behind the scenes is sometimes even more important than what you see on the floor of the Sen-ate. For 25 years, Tim Mitchell has been behind the scenes and at the heart of the activity in the U.S. Senate. I have been here for 20 years and have relied on Tim and our great staff team that has really stepped up time and time again. Like most people, it took just a minute or two in the Senate cloakroom to realize that Tim Mitchell is the big-gest baseball fan I have ever run into. I didn’t know he had 100 baseball neck-ties, but he does, and as Senator R
EID said, some are very challenging from a style viewpoint, but he is loyal to his sport and particularly to his team, the Boston Red Sox. I watched him as he came into his glory moment when the Boston Red Sox won the World Series after a long wait. I know he is now looking for the Boston Red Sox to return to the World Series, and I have a pairing in my mind that would be perfect. It involves a former Red Sox President who came over to help the Chicago Cubs. His name is Theo Epstein, and he made his-tory in Boston by taking the Red Sox to the World Series. We think he is going to make history in Chicago. This would be the perfect World Series for Tim, me, and for baseball. Let me close by saying that would be a perfect World Series, you have been a perfect addition to the Senate for 25 years, and we look forward to a lot more ahead. Thanks, Tim. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Wash-ington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, if the minority leader will yield for a mo-ment. Mr. REID. I am happy to yield. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I just want to add my congratulations to Tim 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.003 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5732 September 15, 2016 
for his tremendous work here. I have been here for 24 years, and every year I have been here, he has been a critical part of the work we do. Thank you, Tim, for the numerous issues you have helped us work our way through. For me, when I was chairing the Budget Committee, which we all know is a very chaotic, long, and tedious process, Tim was there to make sure we did it right, that we were in order, and that things moved smoothly. Tim, we could not have done it with-out you. Thank you for your 25 years of service and thank you to your family for allowing you to be here with us for 25 years of service, and I thank you for all you will continue to do in the fu-ture. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, will the Democratic leader yield? Mr. REID. I am happy to yield. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, every organization has what they call unsung heroes. On the battlefield, they are the soldiers, in the automobile plant, they are the assembly line workers, and in the hospital they may be the nurses. Those organizations can’t go on with-out these people. They are the heart and soul of these organizations, and they do their work quietly but proudly. If you had to pick someone who per-sonifies the unsung hero of this body, it would be Tim. He does his job every day. When you talk to him, you can see the pride and the knowledge he has in doing his job and doing it well. B
ARBARA BOXER mentioned there are a lot of moments when everybody is in a stir but never Tim. He calmly and di-rectly gives you the right advice. He is a hero—a hero not only to those of us who are here but to every Member of the Senate. Tim, we love you. God bless. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KRYSTA JURIS Mr. REID. Mr. President, I want to switch from my friend Tim Mitchell to another friend I have. Ten years ago, I was in search of a scheduler. I needed someone to help with my scheduling and work here in my Capitol office. The office is just a few feet from here and it is extremely busy. We have peo-ple coming and going all day long, in-cluding the end of the night, and so I knew I needed someone who was good and would get better. Little did I real-ize that the woman I would hire didn’t just get better, she has been the best. Her name is Krysta Juris. I have a few months to go as a Mem-ber of Congress. I have been here 34 years, and I have had some remarkable employees. I have had such loyal staff with me now who have stayed until the bitter end, but it is hard to find a de-scription for someone who is as capa-ble, as nice, as competent, and as smart as Krysta Juris. David McCallum, who helps me line up staff, told me he had a candidate and thought she was really good. He gave me her background and told me she had worked in Senator Clinton’s of-fice and on her Presidential campaign. He told me—I guess this was the clincher—she was a collegiate lacrosse player. Lacrosse is a game I have got-ten to know quite well because I have grandsons who play that sport. It is a really difficult, hard game. A college lacrosse player? I understand the dif-ference between a high school lacrosse player and a college lacrosse player. Without knowing a lot more, I said she would be perfect. If she played lacrosse, she would know how to head a front of-fice. As I have indicated, serving as a scheduler for my office is not easy. She, as I indicated, was a college play-er. She played for the University of Maryland. They have excellent ath-letics there, generally. She has had a demanding schedule for at least 10 years. She incurs long, long hours. Of course, it goes without saying that quickly she became the scheduler—not the assistant, not the deputy. To put it simply, to do this job you have to be really tough and fair. My colleagues who come to that office regularly—DURBIN , SCHUMER , MURRAY , and others—know Krysta. They always know that when they call Krysta, she tells them the truth: He is here; he is not here; he can see you; he can’t see you. She is tough. She is strong and unafraid. She is not intimidated by some big-shot Senators. She handles them just fine. She has been my gatekeeper and my loyal adviser, and she has performed phenomenally. She is the best at her job that I have ever seen in my many, many years of public service and as an attorney prior to my public service. For everything I have done, as far as setting the schedule, there is no one who is a close second. She has been in the thick of things. She has been through my ups and my downs. She has been by my side. There are many, many examples. Some of us will never forget the snowstorm of 2009. It became so tense here that one of my Republican colleagues said that he hoped Senator Byrd would die during the night so we wouldn’t have 60 Sen-ators. With his being ill and having trouble navigating on his legs and liv-ing in Virginia and coming through the blizzard, we were worried. But he showed up. I told Krysta: Try to do all you can from home, because of this Snowmageddon, as we called it. We were in session. We had to finish the health care bill, and every day meant so very, very much. No, she did not stay home. She trudged through blocks and blocks of snow and snowdrifts to be here. She never missed a day. She spent many, many long, long nights in my office. I said: We will get someone to drive you or walk with you. She said: No, I am OK. I will be fine. During the fiscal crisis of 2012, we were in session on New Year’s Eve. She was at her desk working while the rest of the world rang in the new year. Frankly, she was probably glad she was here. She has a little dog and those firecrackers and all that noise drives her little dog crazy. So she could be away from the firecrackers and keep her dog safe. She had reasons for being here during that period of time. When the Republicans shut down the government for 17 days in 2013, she was here every day overseeing my schedule, making things run smoothly, even though no Senate employee was guar-anteed that they would be paid for the work they were doing. As my col-leagues will recall, many Senate em-ployees didn’t come to work. On a more personal note, as happens in everyone’s life, there are times of difficulty. The Reid family has had a few problems. As some will remember, I was engaged in my office trying to work out a deal with health care—the Affordable Care Act—and in walked Janice and Krysta and said there was a call: Your wife has been in an accident. It was very bad. It broke her neck in two places and her back, and her face was messed up. That was a hard time for us. Krysta was there. She was there. She helped with the scheduling. We got over that. Then Landra got an extremely aggressive form of breast cancer that went on for months. Krysta balanced my schedule here with my schedule with Landra. She made sure I had time with Landra to help. I will al-ways remember her. I didn’t have to ask her to do it; she did it. When I had my unfortunate accident, Krysta knew how I had been hurt, and I did the best I could covering how I had been hurt. My three leaders—D
UR-
BIN, SCHUMER , AND MURRAY —helped me cover my disability for a while. She took care of things. My scheduling was done. I missed very, very few things be-cause of her. My children know her. My grand-children know her. It is no surprise then to say that Krysta is and always will be part of my family. Krysta’s time is ending this week. It is kind of like my service here in the Senate. I wish it would never end. I wish Krysta could be with me always. But things change and things happen. But really with Krysta it is not time for distress or sadness; it is time for happiness because I have nothing but fond memories of this very beautiful woman—beautiful on the outside and on the inside. Why is it time for cele-bration? Because Krysta, at the ripe old age of 32, is having her first baby. She is so excited. I remember with all her babies, Landra wore the smocks that were kind of the style at that time. We don’t do that anymore, and that is terrific. She is so pretty with her pregnancy, as she is without her pregnancy. She has never missed work because of her pregnancy. She has never complained about morning sick-ness or afternoon sickness or asked to go home early—never. So I am happy for her. I am happy for Trevor, her good husband. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.004 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5733 September 15, 2016 
Senator D URBIN has helped me on a number of occasions with things that he could help with regarding Krysta. He has been so thoughtful about mak-ing things work out. So I am happy for Krysta. I am happy for Trevor. She is going to have a little girl. My hope is that that little girl will turn out to be just like her mom— a person everybody loves, a person who is dependable and trustworthy, and a person whose friendship is so impor-tant to those she knows. My friendship with Krysta is not going to end when I leave the Senate. It is forever. So thank you, Krysta, for a job well done. I wish you and your family the best that life has to offer. Now back to some other things. I am sorry to have taken so long, but that is sometimes the way things are. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am very concerned about the integrity and the security of our democracy in America. The United States is a nation that has always been and must always be governed by its people. Later on today, I am going to see Ambassador Baucus. He is someone who has always talked about how we have to make sure the people deter-mine what we do. America must never be subject to undue influence from for-eign powers. Potential conflicts of in-terest involving our Nation’s elected officials deserve our highest scrutiny. That is why I found yesterday’s article by Kurt Eichenwald in Newsweek real-ly frightening. I ask unanimous con-sent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Newsweek, Sept. 14, 2016] H
OWTHETRUMP ORGANIZATION ’SFOREIGN  B
USINESS TIESCOULD UPEND U.S. N ATIONAL  S
ECURITY  (By Kurt Eichenwald) If Donald Trump is elected president, will he and his family permanently sever all con-nections to the Trump Organization, a sprawling business empire that has spread a secretive financial web across the world? Or will Trump instead choose to be the most conflicted president in American history, one whose business interests will constantly jeopardize the security of the United States? Throughout this campaign, the Trump Or-ganization, which pumps potentially hun-dreds of millions of dollars into the Trump family’s bank accounts each year, has been largely ignored. As a private enterprise, its businesses, partners and investors are hidden from public view, even though they are the very people who could be enriched by—or will further enrich—Trump and his family if he wins the presidency. A close examination by Newsweek of the Trump Organization, including confidential interviews with business executives and some of its international partners, reveals an enterprise with deep ties to global fin-anciers, foreign politicians and even crimi-nals, although there is no evidence the Trump Organization has engaged in any ille-gal activities. It also reveals a web of con-tractual entanglements that could not be just canceled. If Trump moves into the White House and his family continues to receive any benefit from the company, during or even after his presidency, almost every for-eign policy decision he makes will raise seri-ous conflicts of interest and ethical quag-mires. THE MUMBAI SHUFFLE  The Trump Organization is not like the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation, the charitable enterprise that has been the subject of intense scrutiny about possible conflicts for the Democratic presidential nominee. There are allegations that Hillary Clinton bestowed benefits on contributors to the foundation in some sort of ‘‘pay to play’’ scandal when she was secretary of state, but that makes no sense because there was no ‘‘pay.’’ Money contributed to the foundation was publicly disclosed and went to charitable efforts, such as fighting neglected tropical diseases that infect as many as a billion peo-ple. The financials audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, the global inde-pendent accounting company, and the foun-dation’s tax filings show that about 90 per-cent of the money it raised went to its chari-table programs. (Trump surrogates have falsely claimed that it was only 10 percent and that the rest was used as a Clinton ‘‘slush fund.’’) No member of the Clinton family received any cash from the founda-tion, nor did it finance any political cam-paigns. In fact, like the Clintons, almost the entire board of directors works for free. On the other hand, the Trump family rakes in untold millions of dollars from the Trump Organization every year. Much of that comes from deals with international financiers and developers, many of whom have been tied to controversial and even illegal activities. None of Trump’s overseas contractual busi-ness relationships examined by Newsweek were revealed in his campaign’s financial fil-ings with the Federal Election Commission, nor was the amount paid to him by his for-eign partners. (The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for the names of all for-eign entities in partnership or contractually tied to the Trump Organization.) Trump’s fi-nancial filings also indicate he is a share-holder or beneficiary of several overseas en-tities, including Excel Venture LLC in the French West Indies and Caribusiness Invest-ments SRL, based in the Dominican Repub-lic, one of the world’s tax havens. Trump’s business conflicts with America’s national security interests cannot be re-solved so long as he or any member of his family maintains a financial interest in the Trump Organization during a Trump admin-istration, or even if they leave open the pos-sibility of returning to the company later. The Trump Organization cannot be placed into a blind trust, an arrangement used by many politicians to prevent them from knowing their financial interests; the Trump family is already aware of who their overseas partners are and could easily learn about any new ones. Many foreign governments retain close ties to and even control of companies in their county, including several that already are partnered with the Trump Organization. Any government wanting to seek future influence with President Trump could do so by arrang-ing for a partnership with the Trump Organi-zation, feeding money directly to the family or simply stashing it away inside the com-pany for their use once Trump is out of the White House. This is why, without a perma-nent departure of the entire Trump family from their company, the prospect of legal bribery by overseas powers seeking to influ-ence American foreign policy, either through existing or future partnerships, will remain a reality throughout a Trump presidency. Moreover, the identity of every partner cannot be discovered if Trump reverses course and decided to release his taxes. The partnerships are struck with some of the more than 500 entities disclosed in Trump’s financial disclosure forms; each of those en-tities has its own records that would have to be revealed for a full accounting of all of Trump’s foreign entanglements to be made public. The problem of overseas conflicts emerges from the nature of Trump’s business in re-cent years. Much of the public believes Trump is a hugely successful developer, a television personality and a failed casino op-erator. But his primary business deals for al-most a decade have been a quite different en-deavor. The GOP nominee is essentially a li-censor who leverages his celebrity into streams of cash from partners from all over the world. The business model for Trump’s company started to change around 2007, after he became the star of NBC’s The Apprentice, which boosted his national and international fame. Rather than constructing Trump’s own hotels, office towers and other buildings, much of his business involved striking deals with overseas developers who pay his com-pany for the right to slap his name on their buildings. (The last building constructed by Trump with his name on it is the Trump- SoHo hotel and condominium project, com-pleted in 2007.) In public statements, Trump and his son Donald Trump Jr. have cele-brated their company’s international brand-ing business and announced their intentions to expand it. ‘‘The opportunities for growth are endless, and I look forward to building upon the tremendous success we have en-joyed,’’ Donald Trump Jr. said in 2013. Trump Jr. has cited prospects in Russia, Ukraine, Vietnam, Thailand, Argentina and other countries. The idea of selling the Trump brand name to overseas developers emerged as a small piece of the company’s business in the late 1990s. At that time, two executives from Daewoo Engineering and Construction met with Trump at his Manhattan offices to pro-pose paying him for the right to use his name on a new complex under development, according to former executives from the South Korean company. Daewoo had already worked with the Trump Organization to build the Trump World Tower, which is close to the Manhattan headquarters of the United Nations. The former Daewoo executives said Trump was at first skeptical, but in 1999 con-struction began on the South Korean version of Trump World, six condominium properties in Seoul and two neighboring cities. Accord-ing to the two former executives, the Trump Organization received an annual fee of ap-proximately $8 million a year. Shortly after the deal was signed, the par-ent company of Daewoo Engineering and Construction, the Daewoo Group, collapsed into bankruptcy amid allegations of what proved to be a $43 billion accounting fraud. The chairman of the Daewoo Group, Kim Woo Choong, fled to North Korea; he re-turned in 2005, was arrested and convicted of embezzlement and sentenced to 10 years in prison. According to the two former Daewoo executives, a reorganization of Daewoo after its bankruptcy required revisions in the Trump contract, but the Trump Organiza-tion still remains allied with Daewoo Engi-neering and Construction. This relationship puts Trump’s foreign policies in conflict with his financial inter-ests. Earlier this year, he said South Korea should plan to shoulder its own military de-fense rather than relying on the United States, including the development of nuclear weapons. (He later denied making that state-ment, which was video-recorded.) One of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5734 September 15, 2016 
primary South Korean companies involved in nuclear energy, a key component in weapons development, is Trump’s partner—Daewoo Engineering and Construction. It would po-tentially get an economic windfall if the United States adopted policies advocated by Trump. In India, the conflicts between the inter-ests of the Trump Organization and Amer-ican foreign policy are starker. Trump signed an agreement in 2011 with an Indian property developer called Rohan Lifescapes that wanted to construct a 65-story building with his name on it. Leading the talks for Rohan was Kalpesh Mehta, a director of the company who would later become the exclu-sive representative of Trump’s businesses in India. However, government regulatory hur-dles soon impeded the project. According to a former Trump official who spoke on condi-tion of anonymity, Donald Trump Jr. flew to India to plead with Prithviraj Chavan, chief minister of Maharashtra, a state in Western India, asking that he remove the hurdles, but the powerful politician refused to make an exception for the Trump Organization. It would be extremely difficult for a foreign politician to make that call if he were speak-ing to the son of the president of the United States. The Mumbai deal with Rohan fell apart in 2013, but a new branding deal (Trump Tower Mumbai) was struck with the Lodha Group, a major Indian developer. By that time, Trump had an Indian project underway in the city of Pune with a large developer called Panchshil Realty that agreed to pay millions for use of the Trump brand on two 22-floor towers. His new partner, Atul Chordia of Panchshil, appeared awed in pub-lic statements about his association with the famous Trump name and feted Trump with a special dinner attended by actors, industri-alists, socialites and even a former Miss Uni-verse. Last month, scandal erupted over the de-velopment, called Trump Towers Pune, after the state government and local police start-ed looking into discrepancies in the land records suggesting that the land on which the building was constructed may not have been legally obtained by Panchshil. The In-dian company says no rules or laws were bro-ken, but if government officials conclude otherwise, the project’s future will be in jeopardy—and create a problem that Indian politicians eager to please an American president might have to resolve. Through the Pune deal, the Trump Organi-zation has developed close ties to India’s Na-tionalist Congress Party—a centrist political organization that stands for democratic sec-ularism and is led by Sharad Pawar, an ally of the Chordia family that owns Panchshil— but that would be of little help in this inves-tigation. Political power in India rests large-ly with the Indian National Congress, a na-tionalist party that has controlled the cen-tral government for almost 50 years. (How-ever, Trump is very popular with the Hindu Sena, a far-right radical nationalist group that sees his anti-Muslim stance as a sign he would take an aggressive stand against Paki-stan. When Trump turned 70 in June, mem-bers of that organization threw a birthday party for the man they called ‘‘the savior of humanity.’’) Even as Trump was on the campaign trail, the Trump Organization struck another deal in India that drew the Republican nominee closer to another political group there. In April, the company inked an agreement with Ireo, a private real estate equity business based in the Indian city of Gurgaon. The company, which has more than 500 investors in the fund that will be paying the Trump Organization, is headed by Madhukar Tulsi, a prominent real estate executive in India. In 2010, Tulsi’s home and the offices of Ireo were raided as part of a sweeping corruption inquiry related to the 2010 Commonwealth Games held in New Delhi. According to one Indian business executive, government inves-tigators believed that Ireo had close ties with a prominent Indian politician— Sudhanashu Mittal, then the leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party, India’s second larg-est political party—who was suspected in playing a role in rerouting money earned from Commonwealth Games contracts through tax havens into Ireo’s real estate projects. A senior official with Ireo, Tulsi is a relative of Mittal’s. No charges were ever brought in the case, but the investigation did reveal the close political ties between a prominent Indian political party and a com-pany that is now a Trump partner No doubt, few Indian political groups hop-ing to establish close ties to a possible future American president could have missed the recent statements from the Trump family that its company wanted to do more deals in their country. As the Republican National Convention was about to get underway in July, the Trump Organization declared it was planning a massive expansion in the South Asian country. ‘‘We are very bullish on India and plan to build a pan-India devel-opment footprint for Trump-branded residen-tial and office projects,’’ Donald Trump Jr. told the Hindustan Times. ‘‘We have a very aggressive pipeline in the north and east, and look forward to the announcement of several exciting new projects in the months ahead.’’ That is a chilling example of the many looming conflicts of interest in a Trump presidency. If he plays tough with India, will the government assume it has to clear the way for projects in that ‘‘aggressive pipe-line’’ and kill the investigations involving Trump’s Pune partners? And if Trump takes a hard line with Pakistan, will it be for America’s strategic interests or to appease Indian government officials who might jeop-ardize his profits from Trump Towers Pune? Branding Wars in the Middle EastTrump al-ready has financial conflicts in much of the Islamic world, a problem made worse by his anti-Muslim rhetoric and his impulsive deci-sions during this campaign. One of his most troubling entanglements is in Turkey. In 2008, the Trump Organization struck a brand-ing deal with the Dogan Group, named for its owners, one of the most politically influen-tial families in Turkey. Trump and Dogan first agreed that the Turkish company would pay a fee to put the Trump name on two tow-ers in Istanbul. When the complex opened in 2012, Trump attended the ribbon-cutting and declared his interest in more collaborations with Turkish businesses and in making significant invest-ments there. In a sign of the political clout of the Dogan family, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan met with Trump and even presided over the opening ceremonies for the Trump-branded property. However, the Dogans have fallen out of favor, and once again, a Trump partner is caught up in allegations of criminal and un-ethical activity. In March, an Istanbul court indicted Aydin Dogan, owner and head of the Dogan Group, on charges he engaged in a fuel-smuggling scheme. Dogan has pro-claimed his innocence; prosecutors are seek-ing a prison sentence of more than 24 years. According to an Arab financier with strong ties to Turkish political leaders, government connections with the Dogan family grew even more strained in May, when a consor-tium of news reporters released what are known as the Panama Papers, which exposed corporations, politicians and other individ-uals worldwide who evaded taxes through offshore accounts. One of the names revealed was that of Vuslat Dogan Sabanci, a member of Dogan Holding’s board. With the Dogans now politically radio-active, Erdogan struck at the family’s busi-ness partner, Trump, for his anti-Muslim rhetoric. In June, Erdogan called for the Trump name to be removed from the com-plex in Istanbul and said presiding over its dedication had been a mistake. This is no minor skirmish: American-Turk-ish relations are one of the most important national security issues for the United States. Turkey is among the few Muslim countries allied with America in the fight against the Islamic State militant group; it carries even greater importance because it is a Sunni-majority nation aiding the U.S. military against the Sunni extremists. Tur-key has allowed the U.S. Air Force to use a base as a major staging area for bombing and surveillance missions against ISIS. A Trump presidency, according to the Arab financier in direct contact with senior Turkish offi-cials, would place that cooperation at risk, particularly since Erdogan, who is said to de-spise Trump, has grasped more power fol-lowing a thwarted coup d’e´tat in July. In other words, Trump would be in direct financial and political conflict with Turkey from the moment he was sworn into office. Once again, all his dealings with Turkey would be suspect: Would Trump act in the in-terests of the United States or his wallet? When faced with the prospect of losing the millions of dollars that flow into the Trump Organization each year from that Istanbul property, what position would President Trump take on the important issues involv-ing Turkish-American relations, including that country’s role in the fight against ISIS? Another conundrum: Turkey is at war with the Kurds, America’s allies in the fight against ISIS in Syria. Kurdish insurgent groups are in armed conflict with Turkey, demanding an independent Kurdistan. If Tur-key cuts off the Trump Organization’s cash flow from Istanbul, will Trump, who has shown many times how petty and impulsive he can be, allow that to influence how the U.S. juggles the interests of these two crit-ical allies? Similar disturbing problems exist with the United Arab Emirates (UAE), another Mus-lim nation that is an important American ally. Trump has pursued business opportuni-ties in the oil-rich nation for years, with mixed success. His first venture was in 2005, when the Trump Organization struck a branding deal with a top Emirates developer called Nakheel LLC, backed by Dubai’s royal family, that planned to build a tulip-shaped hotel on a man-made island designed to look like a palm tree.In 2008, a bribery and cor-ruption probe was launched involving the company’s multibillion-dollar Dubai Water-front project. Two Nakheel executives were charged with fraud and cleared, but Nakheel’s financial condition deteriorated amid a collapse in real estate prices; the Trump project was delayed and then can-celed. So, in 2013, the Trump Organization struck another branding deal, this time with Nakheel’s archrival, Damac Properties, a di-vision of the Damac Group, that wanted the Trump name on a planned 18–hole PGA Championship golf course. The deal was ne-gotiated by Hussain Ali Sajwani, chairman of Damac, who had engaged in controversial land deals with senior government officials in the UAE. He met personally with Trump about the project, and their relationship grew, ultimately leading to Damac working with the Trump Organization on two branded golf courses and a collection of villas in Dubai. According to the former executive with the Trump Organization, Trump has said he personally invested in some of the Dubai projects. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.006 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5735 September 15, 2016 
In this case, even the possibility of a Trump presidency has created chaos for the Trump Organization. On December 7, when Trump called for a ‘‘total and complete shut-down’’ of Muslims being allowed into the United States, the reaction in the UAE was instantaneous: There were calls to boycott the Damac-Trump properties. Damac put out a statement essentially saying its deal with the Trump Organization had nothing to do with Donald Trump personally, a claim that fooled no one. On December 10, Damac re-moved Trump’s image and name from its properties. Two days later, the name went back up, setting off an even louder outcry. Damac’s share price dropped 15 percent amid the controversy, and it was forced to guar-antee rental returns for some of its luxury properties bearing the Trump name. Other UAE businesses with connections to Trump are also shunning the brand. The Dubai-based Landmark Group, one of the Middle East’s largest retail companies, said it was pulling products with Trump’s name off of its shelves. With Middle Eastern business partners and American allies turning on him, Trump lashed out. Prince Alwaleed bin Talal—the billionaire who aided Trump during his cor-porate bankruptcies in the 1990s by pur-chasing his yacht, which provided him with desperately needed cash—sent out a tweet amid the outcry in Dubai, calling the Repub-lican candidate a ‘‘disgrace.’’ (Alwaleed is a prodigious tweeter and Twitter’s second largest shareholder.) Trump responded with an attack on the prince—a member of the ruling Saudi royal family—with a childish tweet, saying, ‘‘Dopey Prince @Alwaleed— Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016.’’ Once again, Trump’s personal and financial interests are in con-flict with critical national security issues for the United States. During the Bush adminis-tration, Abu Dhabi, the UAE’s capital, and Washington reached a bilateral agreement to improve international standards for nuclear nonproliferation. Cooperation is particularly important for the United States because Iran—whose potential development of nu-clear weapons has been a significant security issue, leading to an international agreement designed to place controls on its nuclear en-ergy efforts—is one of the UAE’s largest trading partners, and Dubai has been a tran-sit point for sensitive technology bound for Iran. Given Trump’s name-calling when faced with a critical tweet from a member of the royal family in Saudi Arabia, an important ally, how would he react as president if his company’s business in the UAE collapsed? Would his decisions in the White House be based on what is best for America or on what would keep the cash from Dubai flowing to him and his family? 
A STRONGMAN ’S BEST FRIEND  Some of the most disturbing international dealings by the Trump Organization involved Trump’s attempts to woo Libyan dictator Muammar el-Qaddafi. The United States had labeled Qaddafi as a sponsor of terrorism for decades; President Ronald Reagan even launched a military attack on him in 1986 after the National Security Agency inter-cepted a communications that showed Qaddafi was behind the bombing of a German discotheque that killed two Americans. He was also linked to the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, which exploded over Lockerbie, Scotland, killing 259 people, in 1988. But for the Trump Organization, Qaddafi was not a murdering terrorist; he was a prospect who might bring the company financing and the opportunity to build a resort on the Medi-terranean coast of Libya. According to an Arab financier and a former businessman from the North African country, Trump made entreaties to Qaddafi and other mem-bers of his government, beginning in 2008, in which he sought deals that would bring cash to the Trump Organization from a sovereign wealth fund called the Libyan Investment Authority. The following year, Trump of-fered to lease his estate in Westchester County, New York, to Qaddafi; he took Qaddaff’s money but, after local protests, forbade him from staying at his property. (Trump kept the cash.) ‘‘I made a lot of money with Qaddafi,’’ Trump said recently about the Westchester escapade. ‘‘He paid me a fortune.’’ Another business relationship that could raise concerns about conflicts involves Azer-baijan, a country the State Department said in an official report was infused with ‘‘cor-ruption and predatory behavior by politi-cally connected elites.’’ According to Trump’s financial filings, the Republican nominee is the president of two entities called OT Marks Baku LLC and DT Marks Baku Manaaina Member Corp. Those were established as part of deals the Trump Orga-nization made last year for a real estate project in the country’s capital. The partner in the deal is Garant Holding, which is con-trolled by Anar Mammadov, the son of the country’s transportation minister, Ziya Mammadov. According to American diplo-matic cables made public in 2010, the United States possessed information that led dip-lomats to believe Ziya Mammadov laundered money for the Iranian military. No formal charges have been brought against either Mammadov. Once again, however, this exposes poten-tial conflicts between Trump’s business con-nections and national security. While the de-velopment is currently on hold, it has not been canceled, meaning that Anar Mammadov could soon be paying millions of dollars to Trump. If American intelligence concludes, or has already concluded, that his business partner’s father has been aiding Iran by laundering money for the military, will Trump’s foreign policy decisions on Iran and Azerbaijan be based on the national se-curity of the United States or the financial security of Donald Trump? AN OLIGARCH IN D .C. The Trump Organization also has dealings in Russia and Ukraine, and officials with the company have repeatedly stated they want to develop projects there. The company is connected to a controversial Russian figure, Vladimir Potanin, a billionaire with inter-ests in mining, metals, banking and real es-tate. He was a host of the Russian version of The Apprentice (called Candidate), and Trump, through the Trump Organization, served as the show’s executive producer. Potanin is deeply tied to the Russian govern-ment and obtained much of his wealth in the 1990s through what was called the loans-for- shares program, part of an effort by Moscow to privatize state properties through auc-tion. Those sales were rigged: Insiders with political connections were the biggest bene-ficiaries. Hoping to start its branding business in Russia, the Trump Organization registered the Trump name in 2008 as a trademark for projects in Moscow, St. Petersburg and Sochi. It also launched negotiations with a development company called the Mos City Group, but no deal was reached. The former Trump executive said that talks fell apart over the fees the Trump Organization wanted to charge: 25 percent of the planned project’s cost. However, the executive said, the Trump Organization has maintained close relations with Pavel Fuks, head of the Mos City Group. Fuks is one of the most politically prominent oligarchs in Russia, with signifi-cant interests in real estate and the coun-try’s financial industry, including the Push-kin bank and Sovcombank. The Trump Organization has also shown interest in Ukraine. In 2006, Donald Trump Jr. and Ivanka Trump met with Viktor Tkachuk, an adviser to the Ukrainian presi-dent, and Andriy Zaika, head of the Ukrain-ian Construction Consortium. The potential financial conflicts here for a President Trump are enormous. Moreover, Trump’s pri-mary partner for his lucrative business in Canada, a well-respected Russo-Canadian bil-lionaire named Alex Shnaider, is also a major investor in Russia and Ukraine, mean-ing American policies benefiting those coun-tries could enrich an important business con-nection for the Trump Organization. Meanwhile, Trump has raised concerns in the United States among national security experts for his consistent and effusive praise for Vladimir Putin, the Russian ruler who also now controls much of Ukraine. With its founder in the White House, the Trump Orga-nization would have an extraordinary entre ´e into those countries. If the company sold its brand in Russia while Trump was in the White House, the world could be faced with the astonishing site of hotels and office com-plexes going up in downtown Moscow with the name of the American president embla-zoned in gold atop the buildings. The dealings of the Trump Organization reach into so many countries that it is im-possible to detail all the conflicts they present in a single issue of this magazine, but a Newsweek examination of the company has also found deep connections in China, Brazil, Bulgaria, Argentina, Canada, France, Germany and other countries. Never before has an American candidate for president had so many financial ties with American allies and enemies, and never be-fore has a business posed such a threat to the United States. If Donald Trump wins this election and his company is not immediately shut down or forever severed from the Trump family, the foreign policy of the United States of America could well be for sale. Mr. REID. Mr. President, the piece is very, very thorough. So I am only going to quote a few things because of the time of the Senate. No. 1, the arti-cle says that, if elected, Donald Trump would be ‘‘the most conflicted presi-dent in American history,’’ and ‘‘al-most every foreign policy decision he makes will raise serious conflicts of in-terest and ethical quagmires.’’ The article details how Donald Trump, his family, and his businesses have multiple questionable partner-ships with foreign governments, polit-ical parties, and even criminals. The Newsweek article ends with this sound declaration: ‘‘Never before has an American candidate for president had so many financial ties with Amer-ican allies and enemies, and never be-fore has a business posed such a threat to the United States.’’ We face this from Donald Trump, a candidate and a notorious con artist. Donald Trump is only trying to help one person—Donald Trump. I don’t care if he wants to be President or city commissioner. Donald Trump is in it to benefit Donald Trump. If given the opportunity, Donald Trump will turn America into a big scam, just like Trump University. I can’t make up this stuff. Here is what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.007 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5736 September 15, 2016 
one of its managers said at Trump Uni-versity—head of sales: ‘‘a fraudulent scheme and that it preyed upon the el-derly and uneducated to separate them from their money.’’ That is one of the managers of Trump University. That is a direct quote. But Trump University is only one ex-ample. Trump has been ripping off peo-ple for a long, long time—long before Trump University. The list of people cheated by Donald Trump is a mile long, at least. A glass company in New Jersey, a children’s singing group, real estate brokers, plumbers, painters, dishwashers, and many, many more all got fleeced by this so-called billionaire—Trump. When Trump gets sued for not paying, here is what he does: He hires law-yers—lots of lawyers, most of the time—to defend him for having cheated lots of people. Then, guess what. Many times he doesn’t bother paying those lawyers so they have to sue him. He rips off people only to reap profit for himself. A lot of his business I don’t under-stand very well, but I understand At-lantic City. I was chairman of the Ne-vada Gaming Commission for 4 very tu-multuous years. I was there when we allowed Nevada operations to go to At-lantic City. So I understand what took place in Atlantic City. He will do any-thing to make a buck for himself. He applied for a license a number of years ago in Nevada. He got one. It was just perfunctory. If he applied for a license today after what he did in Atlantic City and what he has done since, he couldn’t get a gaming license in Ne-vada. Let’s be clear about Donald Trump. He is a spoiled brat raised in plenty, who inherited a fortune, and used his money to make more money, and he did a lot of it by swindling working men and women. Why would he change as President? The answer is simple. Trump won’t change. He is asking us to let him get rich scamming America. I know these are harsh words, but look at this man. He goes to Flint, MI, where people are desperate for help— desperate for help. He goes to an Afri-can-American church. What does he do? He just starts ranting about how horrible Hillary Clinton is. It was so bad that the woman who runs the church had to come up and say: Stop; you are not here to do this. And he stopped. This morning he said that, ob-viously, there was something wrong with her mentally. Trump is a human leech who will bleed the country and sit in his golf re-sort, laughing at the money he has made, even though working people, many of them, will be hurt. Trump doesn’t understand the middle class. How could he? How could he under-stand working people? This report from Newsweek proves Trump’s plan to take his rigged game straight to the White House. The integ-rity and security of our democracy is really at stake. We can’t chance the sovereignty of this Nation on a con man like Trump. Where are Senator M
CCONNELL and Speaker R YAN when America needs our help from this per-son running for President? Mr. President, will the Chair an-nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 2848, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2848) to provide for the conserva-tion and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for im-provements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11:30 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, resisting the urge to counter the diatribe I just heard, I will talk on a topic that is really important to America. I don’t always agree with what I read in the New York Times, but this caught my eye, and I want to share it with my col-leagues: 
So much for choice. In many parts of the country, Obamacare customers will be down to one insurer when they go to sign up for coverage next year on the public exchanges. 
That is from the August 19, 2016, New York Times, ‘‘TheUpshot.’’ Just a few years ago, in 2013, Presi-dent Obama was telling us: 
Just visit healthcare.gov, and there you can compare insurance plans, side by side, the same way you’d shop for a plane ticket on Kayak or a TV on Amazon. . . . You’ll find more choices, more competition, and in many cases lower prices. 
Last year, Wyoming became one of the growing number of States that had one insurer on the ObamaCare ex-change. In the environment created by ObamaCare, we have to hope that we can hold on to the one that we have left. Before ObamaCare, Wyoming had many challenges in our health care system—particularly high costs and the serious access challenges that come with being a frontier State. By frontier State, I mean we are the least popu-lated State in the Nation. We have less than 570,000 people in our State. We have less than 20 towns or cities in which the population exceeds the ele-vation. We have a lot of distance be-tween towns. We say Wyoming has miles and miles of miles and miles. It makes health care a difficult chal-lenge. But we had choice. Under ObamaCare we saw one of the two car-riers shut down by costs. Like other in-surers across the country, this com-pany focused on and dominated the Wyoming ObamaCare exchange in the first year, and then the economics of ObamaCare took hold. Patients were more costly than expected, premium rates didn’t quite cover medical ex-penses—and then insolvency. The changes to the health care sys-tem that President Obama and a com-pletely Democratic-controlled Con-gress hammered through were sold as the positive change. It is absolutely stunning to me that not one out of the 60 Democrats who represent the people were being talked into it. Well, some of them were, I guess, because there were four extreme deals made for four States regarding Medicare Advantage that gave those States a little longer time than the rest of us would have to take care of our seniors. Two of the four are gone now. The other two may be going too. As I said, we did have choice, but we have had one shut down, and I don’t know if the other one can continue if they stay with the exchange. The changes to the health care sys-tem that the completely Democratic- controlled Congress hammered through were sold as positive change. Many of us thought otherwise and said so at the time. We pointed out flaws in it, but we were ignored. We were called fearmongers, and here we are today. Today Wyoming continues to be one of the most expensive States for health care premiums. Do you know the one thing ObamaCare has done for Wyo-ming? We have more competition from other States for having the most ex-pensive health insurance premiums. Misery loves company, I guess. This year there are some States with pre-mium increases over 50 percent for 2017. We have seen our individual market damaged, and we are seeing changes in our employer-sponsored insurance as well. Everyone from the biggest cor-poration to small, one-person oper-ations are paying more and are getting less. As a former small business owner, I tend to look at these issues from that perspective. In Wyoming, according to the Small Business Administration, there are 63,289 small businesses. Those businesses employ 132,085 people. In Wyoming, that is almost one-third of all the adults in the State. Small busi-ness is the backbone of our economy. Now, that may not sound like many, but remember our low population, and it is just as important for each one of those people as it is for one out of 23 million. We are talking about individ-uals here. Small business owners in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.006 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5737 September 15, 2016 
Wyoming and across the country are trying to figure out how to stay afloat as more and more regulations pile up and work to put them out of business. So many, even though they are not technically required to have ObamaCare, try to offer help to their employees for health care. They do it because their employees need it, and they feel it is their responsibility. It may give them a competitive advan-tage, and they need to have health care to attract employees. But in today’s health insurance market, they face the ObamaCare combination of limited choice and seemingly unlimited pre-mium increases. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, since 2004, the average an-nual family premium for covered em-ployees in small firms increased from $9,812 a year to $16,625 a year. It has al-most doubled. It is clear to anyone paying attention that the health care system is hurting, but my Democratic colleagues and President Obama have essentially dismissed us as hypo-chondriacs. They tell us it is working well; it is a success. Your premiums are high, and you can’t afford your deduct-ible? Nonsense. Your coverage is won-derfully comprehensive, so you can’t complain that your mortgage is less than your health insurance premium. The American people are facing more costly health care than ever before. There has been a complete refusal by the administration and Democrats in both Chambers to entertain any real changes to ObamaCare. The rollout was a mess. Do you remember how you couldn’t get on the computer, and if you did get on the computer, you didn’t get good data? Their rules and regulations are crushing. They keep adding on to them. Some that are re-quired to be done still aren’t done, and their costs are sky high. At the end of the day, anybody can get covered, but hardly anybody can afford it. That is not much of a choice. I urge the Senate to look at this issue and acknowledge what the law is really doing, and we need to be going beyond simply providing short-term re-lief like the President’s waivers, excep-tions, and delays. Those are all in-stances where there is a flaw in the bill that would have tremendous impact on people that the President didn’t want them to realize, so he delayed it, maybe just till he gets out of office. We need long-term, comprehensive changes that will lead us to sustained recovery. I have been working to find a path toward what would give more flexi-bility to States, fewer restrictions on how employers help their employees with medical expenses, and practical ways to offer more choices and lower costs for getting the health care that Wyomingites and all Americans should be able to access. We need meaningful, comprehensive change in health care that will take us away from ObamaCare and in a new direction that will meet the promises that were made years ago. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I will suggest the ab-sence of a quorum, and I ask unani-mous consent that the time in the quorum call be equally divided between both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am here today to urge our colleagues to support the Water Resources Development Act. Missouri has more than 1,000 miles of navigable waterways that transport over $4 billion worth of cargo every year. I will say for the benefit of the Pre-siding Officer that it is hard at this moment not to stop and talk about what the EPA thinks navigable waters should be and what navigable waters have always been thought to be in Fed-eral law. My State has 1,000 miles of those waterways—as I have just said, $4 billion a year. There is no reason, with world food demand anticipated to dou-ble between now and 35 or 40 years from now, with people wanting to bring some manufacturing jobs and hopefully lots of manufacturing jobs back to this country, that $4 billion number won’t be much bigger than that over the next few years, and so this bill really mat-ters. Maintaining and improving our wa-terways and the infrastructure sur-rounding our waterways is critically important. The Mississippi River Val-ley is the biggest piece of contiguous agricultural ground in the would. One of the great benefits of the interior port system is it is a port system that uniquely supports some of the most productive agricultural land anywhere in the world but also that it is a nat-ural network that has allowed our country to compete in the way it did early and the way it can now. So it is important that we maintain that sys-tem. We also need to think about—if we have the blessings of the waterways, we also have the challenges of the wa-terways—protecting families in Mis-souri and families in other places from natural disasters. In our State, we had a surprise flood in December. It is not the only time we have ever had a New Year’s Eve flood, but it is not some-thing we anticipate. It was very big, very destructive, and very localized. So managing that is a critically impor-tant part of what happens in the Water Resources Development Act. This is a step to prioritize these re-sources so that once again we are thinking about why we have flood pro-tection, navigation, and water projects. Specifically, in our State this bill au-thorizes a number of projects in the Kansas City area. The Kansas City lev-ees themselves started in the 1940s, while maybe Harry Truman was using the desk I stand behind right now or the office I now get to use in the Rus-sell Building, maybe while he was President and Vice President. These were projects that took about 40 years to build and now need to be actively maintained. The Kansas City levees, the Turkey Creek Basin, the Swope Park Industrial Area, and the Blue River Basin are flood control projects that protect lots of jobs and protect lots of families and in some cases en-sure that the waterway can be used for navigation and still have the proper emphasis we want to have on conserva-tion and wildlife. The bill funds much needed drinking water and clean water programs. In so many cases, the infrastructure we have in this country below ground is even more challenged than the infrastruc-ture we have aboveground. It is not just about using the waterways for the drinking water that is provided to many communities from the rivers— the Missouri River is a drinking water source for people who live in the Mis-souri State capital, and it is a drinking water source for people up and down the river in many communities. This bill focuses not only on that tradi-tional system but also provides some additional assistance for challenged communities, for communities that need to replace lead pipes, so that through this bill communities can work on better ways to solve the im-portant infrastructure problems they have. The bill authorizes $25 million for the dredging of small ports on the Mis-sissippi River System. In the last Con-gress, the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Har-kin, and I—Senator Harkin has now re-tired, but Senator K
LOBUCHAR stepped up to cochair with me the Mississippi River Caucus that looks at the river as the asset it is. As we try to take traffic off the highway system and off the rail system and put it on the water, if it is going to be on the water sooner rather than later, all these ports matter. So this bill takes a further step in encour-aging looking at the small ports, the interior ports, the almost totally ex-port ports. There is nothing wrong with buying things from other people, but actually, economically, there is a tremendous, positive advantage to selling things to other people, and that is what the inte-rior port system is all about. Not only is it an export port system, it basically serves twice the land mass of a coastal port. If a coastal port effectively serves 250 or 300 miles inland, the Mississippi River port would serve that same amount in all directions, 300 miles each way. So looking at those ports not for specifically the individual tonnage that might go out of the port but how they fit into a whole system is very im-portant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.008 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5738 September 15, 2016 
In many instances, the Corps said: Well, they do not export a million tons, so we don’t want to dredge that port because it is only a 900,000-ton port. But I think we need to look at this in different ways, and this bill creates the opportunity to do that. There is another measure that has an impact very close to where I live, Springfield, MO—Table Rock Lake. It is not on the lake but several miles from the lake. Owners there are wor-ried that the Corps is not listening as it comes up with a shoreline manage-ment plan. If you don’t live on the shore or if you aren’t affected by the economy of the lake, it may not mat-ter much, but it matters a lot if you are in one of those two categories. These plans don’t come along very often, and so this measure addresses the concerns property owners have that they are simply not being listened to. The public and those directly af-fected by changes in the plan for things such as awarding boat dock permits and shoreline zoning need to have a say in what that plan will look like for a long time because once these plans are in place, the Corps always has many reasons not to look at the shoreline management plans. The extra time here creates a comment period that lets the affected people be heard. I will say on this topic that when you talk to the Corps about variations in the plan, there are always a thousand reasons they can’t make one. Their view is, this is a plan that took a lot of time to put in place. Well, this bill says: OK, we would agree with that. Let’s take the necessary time to put it in place. I am also glad to see that this meas-ure ensures that a community afford-ability study which I drafted some lan-guage on and which we put in the Inte-rior appropriations bill last year will be put to use by the EPA. What is a community affordability study? If you have water issues in your community— if the drinking water system has a problem, if the storm water system has a problem—if you have water issues in your community, there are often rea-sonable caps that say: If the Federal Government comes in and tells you that you have to do something, they have to give you enough time so that the community can afford it. Maybe that cap is no more than 4 percent or some percentage a year would be the cap on raising your water bill year after year. Well, if you raise it 4 per-cent a year, it doesn’t take long before it is 40 percent higher than it was and then 50 percent higher than it was. That is a cap that somebody looked at, studied, and thought that even though communities never like to do this, maybe this is something communities can live with. But what if you have two or three of those instances that occur at the same time? So what this bill does is further en-courage the EPA to do something that the municipal league is really for and that my hometown of Springfield, MO, has encouraged and has been a pro-ponent and drafter of, and that is, you have to look at the total impact on ratepayers before you tell a commu-nity they have to do something. You can put people in unbelievable eco-nomic stress by just deciding that whatever the Federal Government wants to do is what the Federal Gov-ernment gets to do no matter what im-pact it has on that community. That sort of integrated permitting will give communities what they need to really make the changes they need to make in a way the community can live with and deal with and, more importantly, families in the community can live with. This has some bipartisan compromise language that I have long supported to encourage the safe disposal of coal ash. I have heard from rural electric utili-ties that the rules handed down by EPA are too harsh. The language here will help address those concerns in a bipartisan way. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. I am grateful for the leader-ship we have seen from Senator I
NHOFE , the chairman, and the ranking mem-ber, Senator B
OXER , who served pre-viously as the chairman of this com-mittee. They have come together with a bipartisan package that makes sense and that impacts the lives of families, that has an impact on our economy and allows these projects to have a fu-ture they otherwise wouldn’t have and new rules to be put in place that wouldn’t be put in place. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I strongly support S. 2848, the Water Resources Development Act, WRDA, of 2016. I want to thank and commend Chair-man I
NHOFE , Ranking Member B OXER , and their staffs for developing a bipar-tisan bill to authorize and invest in our Nation’s infrastructure—our harbors and waterways, flood and coastal pro-tection projects, and drinking and clean water systems. I particularly want to thank them for including provisions on small dam safety from S. 2835, the High Hazard Potential Small Dam Safety Act that I introduced with Senator C
APITO . Like our bill, this legislation creates a new program in the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, to assist States and communities in rehabili-tating small dams that have high-haz-ard potential, meaning that they threaten human life and property if they fail. There are thousands of these dams across the country, and we have seen the damage they can cause in the instances when they have failed. While there are programs to address small ag-ricultural dams that were built by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, there is no Federal program to deal with the small dams that proliferate the North-east, Southeast, and Midwest, includ-ing 78 high-hazard potential dams in Rhode Island. The bill authorizes up to $445 million over 10 years to begin to address these structures, with funding to be disbursed on both a formula and a competitive basis. Estimates show that $1 of predisaster mitigation spend-ing can save between $3–$14 in postdisaster spending. Therefore, by as-sisting in the repair or removal of high-hazard dams before they fail, this program makes an investment in fu-ture cost savings, not to mention lives and property saved. The bill also includes language to ad-dress concerns that Senator WHITE-
HOUSE and I identified about marine de-bris and abandoned Army Corps projects in Narragansett Bay by ex-panding the Corps’ authority to remove obstructions adjacent to Federal navi-gation channels. I am pleased that the bill reauthorizes the Water Resources Research Act, which allows the U.S. Geological Survey to provide grants to colleges and universities, including the University of Rhode Island, to support research to improve water supply, ad-dress water quality, and train research-ers. Additionally, the bill requires a study of the Army Corps’ policies on aquaculture in certain areas of the country. Shellfish aquaculture is some-thing we do well in Rhode Island, where there is an excellent relationship with the Corps and where the industry continues to grow. I hope the studies authorized in this bill will be informed by our State’s very productive experi-ence. Beyond the traditional authoriza-tions, the bill also includes important policy changes and funding to deal with the tragic public health and drinking water crisis in the city of Flint, MI, which was brought about by disastrous cost-cutting measures that caused lead contamination in the water supply. The situation in Flint is acute and pronounced. The $100 million in funding provided under the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund and the $70 million under the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act is long overdue. However, drinking water is not the only source of lead contamination. Communities across the country are finding lead contamination in their soil and in the paint within their homes. In fact, lead-based paint is the leading cause of lead poisoning in chil-dren. Sadly, this is nothing new, and too often, it is low-income families and communities that experience this prob-lem. This issue has long been a concern of mine. My home State of Rhode Is-land has the fourth oldest housing stock in the country. For the past two decades, I have undertaken initiatives to address lead-based paint hazards. I have pushed for increased funding for housing and public health programs to better track lead hazards and then re-mediate those hazards within homes for low-income families. While these investments have been significant, more must be done. As ranking member of the Senate Ap-propriations Subcommittee for Trans-portation and Housing, I have worked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.009 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5739 September 15, 2016 
with my chairman, Senator C OLLINS , to direct HUD to update the elevated blood lead level standard that requires an immediate environmental investiga-tion in HUD assisted housing. This aligns HUD’s standard with the rec-ommendations of health experts at the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, CDC. Senator C
OLLINS and I have gone a step further in the fiscal year 2017 bill, providing $25 million to help public housing agencies comply with this new rule and an additional $25 million for the Office of Lead Haz-ard Control and Healthy Homes that provides grants to help low-income families mitigate lead-based paint haz-ards in their homes. I am pleased that the WRDA bill builds on our efforts in the Appropria-tion Committee by providing an addi-tional $10 million for the Healthy Homes program over the next 2 years, as well as $10 million for the CDC’s Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Fund, which supports research and funds State programs to address and prevent childhood lead poisoning. The bill also provides $10 million for the HHS Healthy Start Initiative to con-nect pregnant women and new mothers with health care and other resources to foster healthy childhood development. Many of these measures and others are ones that I have joined some of my Democratic colleagues in proposing in legislation we introduced known as the True LEADership Act of 2016. They add a new dimension—public health—to a bill that is typically about ‘‘bricks and mortar.’’ For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this bill. 
SECTION 2004  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, as chair-man of the Environment and Public Works Committee, today I wish to en-gage in a colloquy with my ranking member, Senator B
OXER , Senator B
LUMENTHAL , and Senator M URPHY , to speak about section 2004 of S. 2848, the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, or WRDA 2016. Section 2004 of S. 2848 reaffirms cur-rent law that the Army Corps of Engi-neers must adhere to State water qual-ity standards under the Clean Water Act when determining the least costly, environmentally acceptable alter-native for the disposal of dredged ma-terial, known as the Federal standard. Although reaffirming current law, this section is not an endorsement by Congress of the Corps’ current prac-tices. Instead, Congress is letting the Corps know that Congress is paying attention and that the Corps must meet its legal obligations to abide by State water quality standards when determining whether it is meeting the Federal standard. I have heard concerns that, in some cases, that the Corps has not met this legal requirement and instead self-cer-tifies its determination of the Federal standard rather than meeting State water quality standards. Senators PORTMAN and B ROWN have raised this concern with me about the Corps’ in-tention to dispose of dredged material in Lake Erie. This section is therefore intended to clarify that the Federal standard is a legal, fact-based definition and that neither party is empowered to make the final decision on the Federal stand-ard, should a dispute arise. By not giving one party veto power over another, Congress is affirming that the Federal standard can be chal-lenged in court. This means that a State can appeal the Corps’ interpreta-tion of the Federal standard if the State believes the Corps has failed to meet State water quality standards and that such challenges will be re-solved on a case-by-case basis. I also have heard from members who are worried about whether the permit-ting of new dredged material disposal sites would be affected by the adoption of new State water quality standards that could ban open water disposal of dredged material. Under the Clean Water Act, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency must ap-prove new disposal sites and have a very rigorous process for making those decisions. WRDA 2016 does not affect this process at all. The Clean Water Act also governs the adoption of new State water quality standards. These standards must carry out the purposes of the act. Blocking disposal of dredged material is not a purpose of the Clean Water Act. Any new State water quality standard must go through notice and comment rule-making and also can be litigated. WRDA 2016 does not affect that proc-ess. Mrs. BOXER. As the ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I agree with the expla-nation provided by Senator I
NHOFE . Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I would like to thank Senators I
NHOFE and B OXER for their work on the Water Resources De-velopment Act. I would also like to thank them for helping to explain section 2004. As Sen-ator I
NHOFE noted, this section has caused concern in some quarters that I think is useful to discuss. It is critical for the record to reflect the intent and context of this provision and to spell out what it does and does not do. Dredging is incredibly important to my State of Connecticut, which has a robust maritime economy. Long Island Sound in particular is a treasured and integral resource, one that generates $9 billion annually through tourism, recreation, and eco-nomic activity and is home to some of our most significant national security assets in terms of submarines and sub-marine manufacturing. But in order to enjoy the benefits of the sound, our coves, harbors, and navi-gation channels have to be dredged. My State has over 50 Federal dredg-ing projects pending with the Army Corps of Engineers. It also has every-thing from small mom-and-pop mari-nas to Electric Boat that have signifi-cant equities in the sound and in the dredging of navigable channels. For nearly 35 years, clean, nontoxic material dredged from Federal projects in Connecticut has been safely disposed of in Long Island Sound, meeting strin-gent water quality standards that have been approved by the EPA. Connecticut goes to great lengths to ensure that the material disposed of in the sound is protective of water quality and the en-vironment. Mr. MURPHY. That is correct. Sedi-ment from Federal projects and larger private projects are required to under-go toxicity testing, and if they fail, the sediment cannot be disposed of at the Long Island Sound sites. Connecticut requires ‘‘capping’’ or placement of clean sediment on top of sediments containing contaminants above certain levels as a best practice. It is not required, but our State does it as an added measure of protection. We understand though that there are some who remain uncomfortable with the open-water disposal of dredged ma-terial, even if the material passes tox-icity tests. As the Senate affirmed when it adopted the amendment to S. 2848 that Senator BLUMENTHAL and I filed, the best way to resolve these types of dis-agreements over State water quality standards is collaboratively, with input from all relevant stakeholders. Water quality standards that apply to the disposal of dredged material in Long Island Sound should be worked out by the States bordering the sound, working with appropriate Federal enti-ties. One State should not arbitrarily impose its will on the other. And that is the process I intend to work towards with my colleagues in Connecticut and New York, as we con-tinue to address the issue of dredging in Long Island Sound. If I understand correctly what Sen-ator I
NHOFE just explained, nothing in S. 2848 gives any State any new rights with which to impose its own water quality standards on any other State. Is that a correct reading of the bill? Mr. INHOFE. Yes, the Senator is cor-rect. Mrs. BOXER. I agree with the chair-man. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. And is section 2004 simply a restatement of current law under the Clean Water Act? Mrs. BOXER. Yes, as Senator I
NHOFE  stated earlier, the section was added to S. 2848 to let the Corps of Engineers know they must comply with the law, and that includes compliance with State water quality standards, and Congress is paying attention. Mr. MURPHY. Does section 2004 or any other provision in WRDA 2016 re-vise the Army Corps’ Federal standard for disposal of dredged material from Federal projects? Mr. INHOFE. No. The Federal stand-ard applicable to the disposal of dredged material from Federal projects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.039 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5740 September 15, 2016 
is found in the Code of Federal Regula-tions at 33 C.F.R., section 335.7. That regulation requires that the method of disposal must be the least costly alter-native that is consistent with sound engineering practices and environ-mentally protective, as provided under the guidelines established by EPA under section 404(b)(l) of the Clean Water Act. EPA’s guidelines are found in the Code of Federal Regulations at 40 C.F.R., part 230. Under EPA’s guidelines, ‘‘No dis-charge of dredged or fill material shall be permitted if it: (1) Causes or contrib-utes, after consideration of disposal site dilution and dispersion, to viola-tions of any applicable State water quality standard.’’ S. 2848 does not change this requirement. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Does this provi-sion or WRDA 2016 affect the process for approving new dredged material disposal sites? Mr. INHOFE. No, it does not. Mrs. BOXER. I agree with Senator I
NHOFE . Mr. MURPHY. I would like to thank Chairman I
NHOFE and Ranking Member B
OXER for this informative discussion and for their help in clarifying the con-tent and intent of section 2004 and the dredging provisions contained in WRDA 2016. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I would also like to thank Chairman I
NHOFE and Rank-ing Member B
OXER for this edifying and clear discussion about the dredging provisions contained in WRDA 2016 and the legislative intent behind those pro-visions. Mr. BLUNT. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, at 11:30, we will be voting on the WRDA bill, which we have talked extensively about for the last 2 weeks and the ben-efits it has. I applaud my Senate col-leagues for advancing the WRDA bill to the floor to get to this point. We all have a lot to be proud of in the bipar-tisan passage of another critical infra-structure bill. We are kind of on a roll, really, when we think about our FAST Act and the chemical bill. We have a lot of things we have been doing, and we are authorizing the Engineers’ 30 Chief’s reports that recommend the construction of new projects with sig-nificant economic benefits. The mod-ernization projects bill will modernize our Nation’s ports and make our water-ways safe and reliable. This Panamax chart shows that we have a problem in this country with some of our ports because as the Pan-ama Canal has expanded—and we have this Panamax, which the top shows the new capacity and then the old capac-ity—we have to do something to help our various ports. Take the Port of Charleston, It has a 45-foot deck. That is fine for the old ships, but for the new ones it is not. The alternative is to take the ships into the Caribbean, change them, off-load some things, which is a great deal of expense. It is not necessary. We deal with flood control projects in this bill. If we look at this chart and the picture, we must provide the nec-essary level of protection to our com-munities before another unfortunate disaster occurs like the one we are looking at in Louisiana. Of course, WRDA helps to do that. The environmental projects in the bill also help our Nation’s critical eco-systems, including water off the coast of Florida which is experiencing the algae blooms that are disrupting the economy. Of course, the occupier of the Chair is very much responsible for that. It is important to note that this bill does a lot more than authorize new projects. WRDA 2016 includes sub-stantive reforms to the Army Corps policy so local sponsors will be empow-ered to participate in the funding. This is a big deal, because we would think we shouldn’t have to pass a law to ac-commodate those individuals who want to pay for things that otherwise the government is going to have to pay for. So we change the law. It also establishes the FEMA assist-ance program to help States rehabili-tate the unsafe dams. There are 14,726 which have been identified called high- hazard potential dams located all around the country. We can see that around the country—the term ‘‘high hazard potential’’ means that if a dam breaks or if a levee breaks, it will take American lives. It will cost lives. We have 14,000 of these scattered around the country. The WRDA bill also provides reforms and assistance that will help commu-nities address clean water and safe drinking water infrastructure man-dates and help address aging infra-structure like this broken water main in Philadelphia. We can see it is not just in the larger, older parts of Amer-ica. This is one where we have prob-lems in the newer sections and the less- populated areas, such as my State of Oklahoma. WRDA also supports innovative ap-proaches to address drought and water supply issues, which is particularly a problem out West and in my State. Finally, in addition to supporting in-frastructure—and therefore the econ-omy—WRDA carries four significant priority policies: It addresses the af-fordability of Clean Water Act man-dates, unfunded mandates. We have been living with these since I was mayor of the city of Tulsa. Our biggest problem is unfunded mandates. In our area, we have a real serious problem in our smaller communities so it does ad-dress that. It addresses EPA’s coal ash rule. The coal ash rule is something that has been batted around for a long time. There are a lot of diverse thoughts on it. We came to a compromise on this, and it is something that will allow us to use the value of the coal ash for building roads and also taking care of the disposal problem. WRDA 2016 includes exemptions from the SPCC rule for farmers. Senator FISCHER has championed this issue, and I have been with her all the way on this. The WRDA bill will exempt all animal feed tanks, and up to two tanks on separate parcels, to allow farmers to refuel their equipment out in the field without being subject to onerous regu-lations. She has done a great job. Finally, the WRDA bill includes Gold King Mine legislation that will guar-antee EPA will reimburse States, local governments, and tribes for the costs they incur cleaning up the mess that EPA makes. So we are one step closer to getting back on track with passing the WRDA bill every 2 years. We went 7 years, from 2010 to 2017, without doing a WRDA bill. We are back on a 2-year schedule now. We want to stay that way. Senator B
OXER and I have talked about this, and we have worked to-gether to make sure this does get done. We have also talked to Chairman S
HU-
STER and Chairman U PTON of the House to make sure this gets done. As when I came way back many years ago, he feels very strongly about the relief that Flint has and the drinking water emergency. I will talk a little bit more about this later after we vote on the bill. I thank not just Senator B
OXER for being chair of the committee, she has been the ranking member, and then when Democrats were in charge, she was the chairman and I was the rank-ing member, all the way through this. We were able to do what we were sup-posed to do; that is, infrastructure. I do applaud Senator B
OXER . I will share my time before our vote with her. Maybe we can visit more about the benefits of this. I look forward to thanking the rest of the people afterward. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, once again, I think Senator I
NHOFE and I have proven we can get things done around here. I have been asked—and I know he has been asked—by many in the press: How do you do it? You are one of the most liberal and one of the most conserv-ative, one of the most progressive—— Mr. INHOFE. I am the conservative. Mrs. BOXER. I think people know that, clearly. I know they know that in my State and in your State, but people wonder how can we possibly bridge the divide. It is a fact that on certain issues we can’t, and I think there is a lesson there. On certain issues, we can’t bridge the divide. We recognize that, but we never ever have taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.040 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5741 September 15, 2016 
those differences and made them per-sonal. We always respected one an-other, we tried to understand one an-other, and we don’t waste a lot of time arguing with each other about things where one is Venus and one is Mars, let’s be clear, but we do come together as we work for this great country in our total belief that a sound infrastruc-ture is essential for our Nation. You can’t compete in a global economy if your infrastructure is failing. If we look at the grade that is given to our infrastructure, our highways, our bridges, our roadways, our sewer systems, unfortunately, the inde-pendent engineers of our country— some of whom are Republican, some of whom are Democrats, some of whom are Independents, some of whom could care less about politics—they tell us a lot of our infrastructure is graded at C- minus, D-plus, D. It is sad when we look at the grades and think: Oh, my God. Thank goodness we got a C. That is not the way I raised my kids. We need to do better. So we found this amazing area where we could work together. Even within that, we had different priorities, and that is OK. I know what his are and he knows what mine are. I just want to say, in this bill, where we do so much to respond to the infra-structure needs—we fund so many Chief’s reports, 30 of them in 19 States, addressing critical needs, flood risk management, coastal storm damage re-duction, ecosystem restoration, navi-gation, all the things we have to do to literally keep our country moving—we also did something else. We knew that passing a water bill in this time with-out addressing lead in drinking water, which came to us in the most tragic story from Flint, MI—I am not going to get into why, how, and where. That is for others to talk about today. We knew we needed to address it in a way that not only helps the Flint people but helps people all over this country who are facing aging water supplies and have lead in the drinking water. We agree the science is clear on the im-pact of lead in drinking water. Now, we disagree on a lot of other science, but on that one we agree. I am so grateful to my friend J
IM I
NHOFE , for he brings to the table his experiences as not only a Senator, be-loved in his State, but also as a dad and as a granddad, and if we have any obligation to our children—and we do— we need to fix this problem. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, will the Senator yield? Mrs. BOXER. I will. Mr. INHOFE. Just for one comment because we want to make sure we get this clear. We still have to go to the House, and Senator B
OXER and I are hoping we are going to be able to re-solve this. In fact, we may see House action as soon as next week. I know there are some Members in the House who have said they are going to make it difficult on Chairman S
HUSTER to pass the WRDA bill because it doesn’t have the Senate provisions that ad-dress the water crisis across our Nation that involves failing and outdated crit-ical infrastructure and the situation in Flint. I promise to address this in con-ference. I have been standing with my colleagues in Michigan from the begin-ning on our fiscally responsible solu-tion to help the Flint community, and I will continue to do so in conference. So let me be clear. It would be a shortsighted mistake for those trying to help the people of Flint to prevent the quick movement of WRDA in the House so we can conference imme-diately. I am confident that is going to happen, and this bill will become law before the end of this Congress. I just want to be sure we got that in the record before the vote took place today. Mrs. BOXER. I am very pleased my colleague has stated unequivocally that the Flint provision—which again helps the whole country—is going to be strongly supported by him and by me and by others in the conference. I would simply say to my friends in the House, through the Chair, if I can: There is a simple way to go—take up and pass the Senate bill. We have had 93 votes for cloture. I see the majority leader. I thank him so much for his work. He promised me this would happen, and he kept that promise. And Senator REID—who had a lot of other fish to fry around here, but he said: You know what, let’s get this done. That is very good for the country and for the way this place functions. When I am not here, I just hope to leave behind a few of these bipartisan crumbs that I have been able to work on in my time here. In conclusion, I don’t want to get into what the House does. I hope they take up and pass our bill. If they don’t, we will have to work with them, but let me just say, it is heartening to hear my colleague say he will stand for this lead provision. I also thank Senators S
TABENOW and P
ETERS for bringing this unbelievable crisis to our attention and staying on this day after day. I can’t say how many phone calls I have had. She would call me and I would call Senator I
NHOFE . Then he would call her and they would call Senator P
ETERS . We have been standing together on this. I hope we have a resounding vote. I thought 93 was great, but as my father used to say to me when I brought a 90- percent grade home: Hey, what hap-pened to the other 10 percent? So I am looking for a 93, at a minimum, today. That is a heck of a message to send. I don’t know if we could get that for any other issue. I am thrilled to be part of this team. Again, I thank my friend and colleague for his devotion to getting work done around here. I am going to miss him, but I will be cheering from outside the Chamber. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I hate to see the Boxer-Inhofe team come to an end. We have had some great bipartisan accomplishments— this bill we are about to pass and the highway bill last year, which was something I think all of us and the three of us were very proud of. I want to say to my colleague from California, as we have discussed on nu-merous occasions, there are not a whole lot of things we agree on, but when we do, we have a lot of fun work-ing together. We are going to miss that opportunity next Congress. Mrs. BOXER. I thank the Senator. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote with respect to the motion to proceed to H.R. 5325 ripen at 5:30 p.m., Monday, September 19. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. We will continue to negotiate text for the short-term CR, the Zika bill, and moving the vote until Monday night will allow us to move forward next week. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday, September 15—that is today—the Senate proceed to execu-tive session for the consideration of Calendar No. 698, with no other busi-ness in order; that there be 15 minutes for debate only on the nomination, equally divided in the unusual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomina-tion without intervening action or de-bate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session without any intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 5075; 5063, AS MODIFIED ; 5076; 
5068; 5069; 5074, AS MODIFIED ; 5077; AND 5066 , AS 
MODIFIED , TO AMENDMENT NO . 4979 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the adoption of amendment No. 4979, as amended, the following amendments be reported by number, called up, and agreed to en bloc: Isak-son No. 5075; Sanders No. 5063, as modi-fied; Cochran No. 5076; Paul No. 5068; Cardin No. 5069; Hoeven No. 5074, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.013 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5742 September 15, 2016 
modified; Tester No. 5077; and Sasse No. 5066, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number en bloc. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oklahoma [Mr. I NHOFE ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 5075; 5063, as modified; 5076; 5068; 5069; 5074, as modified; 5077; and 5066, as modified, en bloc to amendment No. 4979. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 5075 (Purpose: To deauthorize the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam, Georgia and South Carolina) At the appropriate place in section 5001 (re-lating to deauthorizations), insert the fol-lowing: (l) N
EWSAVANNAH BLUFF LOCK AND DAM, G
EORGIA AND SOUTH CAROLINA .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) N
EW SAVANNAH BLUFF LOCK AND DAM .— The term ‘‘New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam’’ has the meaning given the term in section 348(l)(1) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act). (B) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘Project’’ means the project for navigation, Savannah Harbor expansion, Georgia, authorized by section 7002(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1364). (2) D
EAUTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam is deauthorized; and (ii) notwithstanding section 348( l)(2)(B) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630; 114 Stat. 2763A–228) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act) or any other provision of law, the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam shall not be conveyed to the city of North Augusta and Aiken County, South Carolina, or any other non-Federal entity. (B) R
EPEAL .—Section 348 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630; 114 Stat. 2763A–228) is amended— (i) by striking subsection (l); and (ii) by redesignating subsections (m) and (n) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively. (3) P
ROJECT MODIFICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Project is modi-fied to include, as the Secretary determines to be necessary— (i)(I) repair of the lock wall of the New Sa-vannah Bluff Lock and Dam and modifica-tion of the structure such that the structure is able— (aa) to maintain the pool for navigation, water supply, and recreational activities, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (bb) to allow safe passage via a rock ramp over the structure to historic spawning grounds of Shortnose sturgeon, Atlantic sturgeon, and other migratory fish; or (II)(aa) construction at an appropriate lo-cation across the Savannah River of a rock weir that is able to maintain the pool for water supply and recreational activities, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (bb) removal of the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam on completion of construction of the weir; and (ii) conveyance by the Secretary to Au-gusta-Richmond County, Georgia, of the park and recreation area adjacent to the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam, without consideration. (B) OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE COSTS .— The Federal share of the costs of operation and maintenance of any Project feature con-structed pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be 100 percent. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5063, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To provide for rehabilitation of certain dams) At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3. REHABILITATION OF CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS CONSTRUCTED FLOOD CON-TROL DAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the project is feasible, the Sec-retary may carry out a project for the reha-bilitation of a dam described in subsection (b). (b) E
LIGIBLE DAMS.—A dam eligible for as-sistance under this section is a dam— (1) that has been constructed, in whole or in part, by the Corps of Engineers for flood control purposes; (2) for which construction was completed before 1940; (3) that is classified as ‘‘high hazard poten-tial’’ by the State dam safety agency of the State in which the dam is located; and (4) that is operated by a non-Federal enti-ty. (c) C
OST SHARING .—Non-Federal interests shall provide 35 percent of the cost of con-struction of any project carried out under this section, including provision of all land, easements, rights-of-way, and necessary re-locations. (d) A
GREEMENTS .—Construction of a project under this section shall be initiated only after a non-Federal interest has entered into a binding agreement with the Sec-retary— (1) to pay the non-Federal share of the costs of construction under subsection (c); and (2) to pay 100 percent of any operation, maintenance, and replacement and rehabili-tation costs with respect to the project in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary. (e) C
OSTLIMITATION .—The Secretary shall not expend more than $10,000,000 for a project at any single dam under this section. (f) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5076 (Purpose: To make technical corrections) Strike section 6009 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 6009. YAZOO BASIN, MISSISSIPPI. 
The authority of the Secretary to carry out the project for flood damage reduction, bank stabilization, and sediment and erosion control known as the ‘‘Yazoo Basin, Mis-sissippi, Mississippi Delta Headwater Project, MS’’, authorized by title I of Public Law 98–8 (97 Stat. 22), as amended, shall not be limited to watersheds referenced in re-ports accompanying appropriations bills for previous fiscal years. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5068 (Purpose: To ensure that the Secretary does not charge a fee for certain surplus water) At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1ll. SURPLUS WATER STORAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall not charge a fee for surplus water under a con-tract entered into pursuant to section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 708) (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) if the contract is for surplus water stored in the Lake Cumberland Watershed, Kentucky and Tennessee. (b) TERMINATION .—The limitation under subsection (a) shall expire on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this sec-tion— (1) affects the authority of the Secretary under section 2695 of title 10, United States Code, to accept funds or to cover the admin-istrative expenses relating to certain real property transactions; (2) affects the application of section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 708) (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) or the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b) to surplus water stored outside of the Lake Cumberland Watershed, Ken-tucky and Tennessee; or (3) affects the authority of the Secretary to accept funds under section 216(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 2321a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5069 (Purpose: To require an annual survey of sea grasses in the Chesapeake Bay) Strike section 7206 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 7206. CHESAPEAKE BAY GRASS SURVEY. 
Section 117(i) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1267(i)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL SURVEY .—The Administrator shall carry out an annual survey of sea grasses in the Chesapeake Bay.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5074, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To limit the permit fees for cabins and trailers on land administered by the Dakotas Area Office of the Bureau of Rec-lamation and to allow trailer area permit-tees at Heart Butte Dam and Reservoir (Lake Tschida) to continue using trailer homes on their permitted lots) At the end of title VIII, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION DAKO-TAS AREA OFFICE PERMIT FEES FOR CABINS AND TRAILERS. 
During the period ending 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall not increase the permit fee for a cabin or trailer on land in the State of North Dakota administered by the Dako-tas Area Office of the Bureau of Reclamation by more than 33 percent of the permit fee that was in effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. lll. USE OF TRAILER HOMES AT HEART BUTTE DAM AND RESERVOIR (LAKE TSCHIDA). 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DDITION .—The term ‘‘addition’’ means any enclosed structure added onto the struc-ture of a trailer home that increases the liv-ing area of the trailer home. (2) C
AMPER OR RECREATIONAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘camper or recreational vehicle’’ in-cludes— (A) a camper, motorhome, trailer camper, bumper hitch camper, fifth wheel camper, or equivalent mobile shelter; and (B) a recreational vehicle. (3) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘‘imme-diate family’’ means a spouse, grandparent, parent, sibling, child, or grandchild. (4) P
ERMIT .—The term ‘‘permit’’ means a permit issued by the Secretary authorizing the use of a lot in a trailer area. (5) P
ERMIT YEAR .—The term ‘‘permit year’’ means the period beginning on April 1 of a calendar year and ending on March 31 of the following calendar year. (6) P
ERMITTEE .—The term ‘‘permittee’’ means a person holding a permit. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (8) T
RAILER AREA .—The term ‘‘trailer area’’ means any of the following areas at Heart 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.014 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5743 September 15, 2016 
Butte Dam and Reservoir (Lake Tschida) (as described in the document of the Bureau of Reclamation entitled ‘‘Heart Butte Res-ervoir Resource Management Plan’’ (March 2008)): (A) Trailer Area 1 and 2, also known as Management Unit 034. (B) Southside Trailer Area, also known as Management Unit 014. (9) T
RAILER HOME .—The term ‘‘trailer home’’ means a dwelling placed on a sup-porting frame that— (A) has or had a tow-hitch; and (B) is made mobile, or is capable of being made mobile, by an axle and wheels. (b) P
ERMIT RENEWAL AND PERMITTED USE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the same permit renewal process for trailer area permits as the Secretary uses for other permit renewals in other reservoirs in the State of North Dakota administered by the Dakotas Area Office of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. (2) T
RAILER HOMES .—With respect to a trailer home, a permit for each permit year shall authorize the permittee— (A) to park the trailer home on the lot; (B) to use the trailer home on the lot; (C) to physically move the trailer home on and off the lot; and (D) to leave on the lot any addition, deck, porch, entryway, step to the trailer home, propane tank, or storage shed. (3) C
AMPERS OR RECREATIONAL VEHICLES .— With respect to a camper or recreational ve-hicle, a permit shall, for each permit year— (A) from April 1 to October 31, authorize the permittee— (i) to park the camper or recreational vehi-cle on the lot; (ii) to use the camper or recreational vehi-cle on the lot; and (iii) to move the camper or recreational ve-hicle on and off the lot; and (B) from November 1 to March 31, require a permittee to remove the camper or rec-reational vehicle from the lot. (c) R
EMOVAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire removal of a trailer home from a lot in a trailer area if the trailer home is flooded after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
EMOVAL AND NEW USE .—If the Sec-retary requires removal of a trailer home under paragraph (1), on request by the per-mittee, the Secretary shall authorize the permittee— (A) to replace the trailer home on the lot with a camper or recreational vehicle in ac-cordance with this section; or (B) to place a trailer home on the lot from April 1 to October 31. (d) T
RANSFER OF PERMITS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF TRAILER HOME TITLE .—If a permittee transfers title to a trailer home permitted on a lot in a trailer area, the Sec-retary shall issue a permit to the transferee, under the same terms as the permit applica-ble on the date of transfer, subject to the conditions described in paragraph (3). (2) T
RANSFER OF CAMPER OR RECREATIONAL  
VEHICLE TITLE .—If a permittee who has a per-mit to use a camper or recreational vehicle on a lot in a trailer area transfers title to the interests of the permittee on or to the lot, the Secretary shall issue a permit to the transferee, subject to the conditions de-scribed in paragraph (3). (3) C
ONDITIONS .—A permit issued by the Secretary under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be subject to the following conditions: (A) A permit may not be held in the name of a corporation. (B) A permittee may not have an interest in, or control of, more than 1 seasonal trailer home site in the Great Plains Region of the Bureau of Reclamation, inclusive of sites lo-cated on tracts permitted to organized groups on Reclamation reservoirs. (C) Not more than 2 persons may be per-mittees under 1 permit, unless— (i) approved by the Secretary; or (ii) the additional persons are immediate family members of the permittees. (e) ANCHORING REQUIREMENTS FOR TRAILER  H
OMES .—The Secretary shall require compli-ance with appropriate anchoring require-ments for each trailer home (including addi-tions to the trailer home) and other objects on a lot in a trailer area, as determined by the Secretary, after consulting with permit-tees. (f) R
EPLACEMENT , REMOVAL , ANDRETURN .— (1) R
EPLACEMENT .—Permittees may replace their trailer home with another trailer home. (2) R
EMOVAL AND RETURN .—Permittees may— (A) remove their trailer home; and (B) if the permittee removes their trailer home under subparagraph (A), return the trailer home to the lot of the permittee. (g) L
IABILITY ; TAKING .— (1) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for flood damage to the personal property of a permittee or for damages aris-ing out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to a lot to which a permit applies, other than for damages caused by an act or omission of the United States or an em-ployee, agent, or contractor of the United States before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
AKING .—Any temporary flooding or flood damage to the personal property of a permittee shall not be a taking by the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5077 (Purpose: To achieve a fair, equitable, and final settlement of claims to water rights in the State of Montana for the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation and the United States, for the benefit of the Tribe and allottees, and for other pur-poses.) 
(The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 5066, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To require a GAO review and report on certain projects) At the end of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. GAO REVIEW AND REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review, and submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation and effectiveness of the projects carried out under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, amendments Nos. 5075; 5063, as modified; 5076; 5068; 5069; 5074, as modified; 5077; and 5066, as modified, are agreed to. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? Mr. HOEVEN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. AYOTTE ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) is necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would vote yea. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 95, nays 3, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 141 Leg.] YEAS—95 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—3 
Flake Lee Sasse 
NOT VOTING—2 
Ayotte Kaine 
The bill (S. 2848), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 2848 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definition of Secretary. Sec. 3. Limitations. TITLE I—PROGRAM REFORMS Sec. 1001. Study of water resources develop-ment projects by non-Federal interests. Sec. 1002. Advanced funds for water re-sources development studies and projects. Sec. 1003. Authority to accept and use mate-rials and services. Sec. 1004. Partnerships with non-Federal en-tities to protect the Federal in-vestment. Sec. 1005. Non-Federal study and construc-tion of projects. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.002 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5744 September 15, 2016 
Sec. 1006. Munitions disposal. Sec. 1007. Challenge cost-sharing program for management of recreation facilities. Sec. 1008. Structures and facilities con-structed by the Secretary. Sec. 1009. Project completion. Sec. 1010. Contributed funds. Sec. 1011. Application of certain benefits and costs included in final feasi-bility studies. Sec. 1012. Leveraging Federal infrastructure for increased water supply. Sec. 1013. New England District head-quarters. Sec. 1014. Buffalo District headquarters. Sec. 1015. Completion of ecosystem restora-tion projects. Sec. 1016. Credit for donated goods. Sec. 1017. Structural health monitoring. Sec. 1018. Fish and wildlife mitigation. Sec. 1019. Non-Federal interests. Sec. 1020. Discrete segment. Sec. 1021. Funding to process permits. Sec. 1022. International Outreach Program. Sec. 1023. Wetlands mitigation. Sec. 1024. Use of Youth Service and Con-servation Corps. Sec. 1025. Debris removal. Sec. 1026. Aquaculture study. Sec. 1027. Levee vegetation. Sec. 1028. Planning assistance to States. Sec. 1029. Prioritization. Sec. 1030. Kennewick Man. Sec. 1031. Disposition studies. Sec. 1032. Transfer of excess credit. Sec. 1033. Surplus water storage. Sec. 1034. Hurricane and storm damage re-duction. Sec. 1035. Fish hatcheries. Sec. 1036. Feasibility studies and watershed assessments. Sec. 1037. Shore damage prevention or miti-gation. Sec. 1038. Enhancing lake recreation oppor-tunities. Sec. 1039. Cost estimates. Sec. 1040. Tribal partnership program. Sec. 1041. Cost sharing for territories and In-dian tribes. Sec. 1042. Local government water manage-ment plans. Sec. 1043. Credit in lieu of reimbursement. Sec. 1044. Retroactive changes to cost-shar-ing agreements. Sec. 1045. Easements for electric, telephone, or broadband service facilities eligible for financing under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. Sec. 1046. Study on the performance of inno-vative materials. Sec. 1047. Deauthorization of inactive projects. Sec. 1048. Review of reservoir operations. Sec. 1049. Written agreement requirement for water resources projects. Sec. 1050. Maximum cost of projects. Sec. 1051. Conversion of surplus water agree-ments. Sec. 1052. Authorized funding for inter-agency and international sup-port. Sec. 1053. Surplus water storage. Sec. 1054. GAO review and report. TITLE II—NAVIGATION Sec. 2001. Projects funded by the Inland Wa-terways Trust Fund. Sec. 2002. Operation and maintenance of fuel-taxed inland waterways. Sec. 2003. Funding for harbor maintenance programs. Sec. 2004. Dredged material disposal. Sec. 2005. Cape Arundel disposal site, Maine. Sec. 2006. Maintenance of harbors of refuge. Sec. 2007. Aids to navigation. Sec. 2008. Beneficial use of dredged material. Sec. 2009. Operation and maintenance of har-bor projects. Sec. 2010. Additional measures at donor ports and energy transfer ports. Sec. 2011. Harbor deepening. Sec. 2012. Operations and maintenance of in-land Mississippi River ports. Sec. 2013. Implementation guidance. Sec. 2014. Remote and subsistence harbors. Sec. 2015. Non-Federal interest dredging au-thority. Sec. 2016. Transportation cost savings. Sec. 2017. Dredged material. Sec. 2018. Great Lakes Navigation System. Sec. 2019. Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. TITLE III—SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS Sec. 3001. Rehabilitation assistance for non- Federal flood control projects. Sec. 3002. Rehabilitation of existing levees. Sec. 3003. Maintenance of high risk flood control projects. Sec. 3004. Rehabilitation of high hazard po-tential dams. Sec. 3005. Expedited completion of author-ized projects for flood damage reduction. Sec. 3006. Cumberland River Basin Dam re-pairs. Sec. 3007. Indian dam safety. Sec. 3008. Rehabilitation of Corps of Engi-neers constructed flood control dams. TITLE IV—RIVER BASINS, WATERSHEDS, AND COASTAL AREAS Sec. 4001. Gulf Coast oyster bed recovery plan. Sec. 4002. Columbia River, Platte River, and Arkansas River. Sec. 4003. Missouri River. Sec. 4004. Puget Sound nearshore ecosystem restoration. Sec. 4005. Ice jam prevention and mitiga-tion. Sec. 4006. Chesapeake Bay oyster restora-tion. Sec. 4007. North Atlantic coastal region. Sec. 4008. Rio Grande. Sec. 4009. Texas coastal area. Sec. 4010. Upper Mississippi and Illinois Riv-ers flood risk management. Sec. 4011. Salton Sea, California. Sec. 4012. Adjustment. Sec. 4013. Coastal resiliency. Sec. 4014. Regional intergovernmental col-laboration on coastal resil-ience. Sec. 4015. South Atlantic coastal study. Sec. 4016. Kanawha River Basin. Sec. 4017. Consideration of full array of measures for coastal risk reduc-tion. Sec. 4018. Waterfront community revitaliza-tion and resiliency. Sec. 4019. Table Rock Lake, Arkansas and Missouri. Sec. 4020. Pearl River Basin, Mississippi. TITLE V—DEAUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 5001. Deauthorizations. Sec. 5002. Conveyances. TITLE VI—WATER RESOURCES INFRASTRUCTURE 
Sec. 6001. Authorization of final feasibility studies. Sec. 6002. Authorization of project modifica-tions recommended by the Sec-retary. Sec. 6003. Authorization of study and modi-fication proposals submitted to Congress by the Secretary. Sec. 6004. Expedited completion of reports. Sec. 6005. Extension of expedited consider-ation in Senate. Sec. 6006. GAO study on Corps of Engineers methodology and performance metrics. Sec. 6007. Inventory assessment. Sec. 6008. Saint Lawrence Seaway mod-ernization. Sec. 6009. Yazoo Basin, Mississippi. TITLE VII—SAFE DRINKING WATER AND CLEAN WATER INFRASTRUCTURE Sec. 7001. Definition of Administrator. Sec. 7002. Sense of the Senate on appropria-tions levels and findings on eco-nomic impacts. Subtitle A—Drinking Water Sec. 7101. Preconstruction work. Sec. 7102. Priority system requirements. Sec. 7103. Administration of State loan funds. Sec. 7104. Other authorized activities. Sec. 7105. Negotiation of contracts. Sec. 7106. Assistance for small and disadvan-taged communities. Sec. 7107. Reducing lead in drinking water. Sec. 7108. Regional liaisons for minority, tribal, and low-income commu-nities. Sec. 7109. Notice to persons served. Sec. 7110. Electronic reporting of drinking water data. Sec. 7111. Lead testing in school and child care drinking water. Sec. 7112. WaterSense program. Sec. 7113. Water supply cost savings. Sec. 7114. Small system technical assist-ance. Sec. 7115. Definition of Indian tribe. Sec. 7116. Technical assistance for tribal water systems. Sec. 7117. Requirement for the use of Amer-ican materials. Subtitle B—Clean Water Sec. 7201. Sewer overflow control grants. Sec. 7202. Small and medium treatment works. Sec. 7203. Integrated plans. Sec. 7204. Green infrastructure promotion. Sec. 7205. Financial capability guidance. Sec. 7206. Chesapeake Bay Grass Survey. Sec. 7207. Great Lakes harmful algal bloom coordinator. Subtitle C—Innovative Financing and Promotion of Innovative Technologies Sec. 7301. Water infrastructure public-pri-vate partnership pilot program. Sec. 7302. Water infrastructure finance and innovation. Sec. 7303. Water Infrastructure Investment Trust Fund. Sec. 7304. Innovative water technology grant program. Sec. 7305. Water Resources Research Act amendments. Sec. 7306. Reauthorization of Water Desali-nation Act of 1996. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5745 September 15, 2016 
Sec. 7307. National drought resilience guide-lines. Sec. 7308. Innovation in State water pollu-tion control revolving loan funds. Sec. 7309. Innovation in drinking water State revolving loan funds. Subtitle D—Drinking Water Disaster Relief and Infrastructure Investments Sec. 7401. Drinking water infrastructure. Sec. 7402. Loan forgiveness. Sec. 7403. Registry for lead exposure and ad-visory committee. Sec. 7404. Additional funding for certain childhood health programs. Sec. 7405. Review and report. Subtitle E—Report on Groundwater Contamination Sec. 7501. Definitions. Sec. 7502. Report on groundwater contami-nation. Subtitle F—Restoration PART I—G
REAT LAKES RESTORATION  Sec. 7611. Great Lakes Restoration Initia-tive. Sec. 7612. Amendments to the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act of 1990. PART II—L
AKETAHOE RESTORATION  Sec. 7621. Findings and purposes. Sec. 7622. Definitions. Sec. 7623. Improved administration of the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit. Sec. 7624. Authorized programs. Sec. 7625. Program performance and ac-countability. Sec. 7626. Conforming amendments; updates to related laws. Sec. 7627. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 7628. Land transfers to improve man-agement efficiencies of Federal and State land. PART III—L
ONGISLAND SOUND RESTORATION  Sec. 7631. Restoration and stewardship pro-grams. Sec. 7632. Reauthorization. PART IV—D
ELAWARE RIVER BASIN C
ONSERVATION  Sec. 7641. Findings. Sec. 7642. Definitions. Sec. 7643. Program establishment. Sec. 7644. Grants and assistance. Sec. 7645. Annual reports. Sec. 7646. Authorization of appropriations. PART V—C
OLUMBIA RIVER BASIN R
ESTORATION  Sec. 7651. Columbia River Basin restoration. Subtitle G—Innovative Water Infrastructure Workforce Development Sec. 7701. Innovative water infrastructure workforce development pro-gram. Subtitle H—Offset Sec. 7801. Offset. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 8001. Approval of State programs for control of coal combustion re-siduals. Sec. 8002. Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma and the Chickasaw Nation water settlement. Sec. 8003. Land transfer and trust land for the Muscogee (Creek) Nation. Sec. 8004. Reauthorization of Denali Com-mission. Sec. 8005. Recreational access of floating cabins. Sec. 8006. Regulation of aboveground storage at farms. Sec. 8007. Salt cedar removal permit re-views. Sec. 8008. International outfall interceptor repair, operations, and mainte-nance. Sec. 8009. Pechanga Band of Luisen ˜o Mission Indians water rights settle-ment. Sec. 8010. Gold King Mine spill recovery. Sec. 8011. Reports by the Comptroller Gen-eral. Sec. 8012. Sense of Congress. Sec. 8013. Bureau of Reclamation Dakotas Area Office permit fees for cab-ins and trailers. Sec. 8014. Use of trailer homes at heart butte dam and reservoir (Lake Tschida). TITLE IX—BLACKFEET WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT ACT Sec. 9001. Short title. Sec. 9002. Purposes. Sec. 9003. Definitions. Sec. 9004. Ratification of compact. Sec. 9005. Milk River water right. Sec. 9006. Water delivery through Milk River project. Sec. 9007. Bureau of Reclamation activities to improve water management. Sec. 9008. St. Mary canal hydroelectric power generation. Sec. 9009. Storage allocation from Lake Elwell. Sec. 9010. Irrigation activities. Sec. 9011. Design and construction of MR&I System. Sec. 9012. Design and construction of water storage and irrigation facili-ties. Sec. 9013. Blackfeet water, storage, and de-velopment projects. Sec. 9014. Easements and rights-of-way. Sec. 9015. Tribal water rights. Sec. 9016. Blackfeet settlement trust fund. Sec. 9017. Blackfeet water settlement imple-mentation fund. Sec. 9018. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 9019. Water rights in Lewis and Clark National Forest and Glacier National Park. Sec. 9020. Waivers and releases of claims. Sec. 9021. Satisfaction of claims. Sec. 9022. Miscellaneous provisions. Sec. 9023. Expiration on failure to meet en-forceability date. Sec. 9024. Antideficiency. SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF SECRETARY. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Army. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATIONS. 
Nothing in this Act— (1) supersedes or modifies any written agreement between the Federal Government and a non-Federal interest that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; (2) supersedes or authorizes any amend-ment to a multistate water control plan, in-cluding the Missouri River Master Water Control Manual (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act); (3) affects any water right in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; (4) preempts or affects any State water law or interstate compact governing water; or (5) affects any authority of a State, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act, to manage water resources within the State. TITLE I—PROGRAM REFORMS 
SEC. 1001. STUDY OF WATER RESOURCES DEVEL-OPMENT PROJECTS BY NON-FED-ERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 203 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—On the re-quest of a non-Federal interest, the Sec-retary may provide technical assistance re-lating to any aspect of the feasibility study if the non-Federal interest contracts with the Secretary to pay all costs of providing the technical assistance.’’. SEC. 1002. ADVANCED FUNDS FOR WATER RE-SOURCES DEVELOPMENT STUDIES AND PROJECTS. 
The Act of October 15, 1940 (33 U.S.C. 701h– 1), is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘Whenever any’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whenever any’’; (B) by striking ‘‘a flood-control project duly adopted and authorized by law’’ and in-serting ‘‘an authorized water resources de-velopment study or project,’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘such work’’ and inserting ‘‘such study or project’’; (2) in the second sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of the Army’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENT .—The Secretary of the Army’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘from appropriations which may be provided by Congress for flood-con-trol work’’ and inserting ‘‘if specific appro-priations are provided by Congress for such purpose’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF STATE .—In this section, the term ‘State’ means— ‘‘(1) a State; ‘‘(2) the District of Columbia; ‘‘(3) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; ‘‘(4) any other territory or possession of the United States; and ‘‘(5) a federally recognized Indian tribe or a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Vil-lage Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Set-tlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)).’’. 
SEC. 1003. AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT AND USE MA-TERIALS AND SERVICES. 
Section 1024 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2325a) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary is authorized to accept and use materials, services, or funds contributed by a non-Federal public entity, a nonprofit entity, or a private entity to repair, restore, replace, or maintain a water resources project in any case in which the District Commander determines that— ‘‘(1) there is a risk of adverse impacts to the functioning of the project for the author-ized purposes of the project; and ‘‘(2) acceptance of the materials and serv-ices or funds is in the public interest.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after initiating an activity under this sec-tion,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than Feb-ruary 1 of each year after the first fiscal year in which materials, services, or funds are ac-cepted under this section,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘a report’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual report’’. 
SEC. 1004. PARTNERSHIPS WITH NON-FEDERAL ENTITIES TO PROTECT THE FED-ERAL INVESTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary is authorized to partner with a non-Federal interest for the maintenance of a water resources project to ensure that the project will continue to function for the au-thorized purposes of the project. (b) F
ORM OF PARTNERSHIP .—Under a part-nership referred to in subsection (a), the Sec-retary is authorized to accept and use funds, materials, and services contributed by the non-Federal interest. (c) N
OCREDIT OR REIMBURSEMENT .—Any entity that contributes materials, services, or funds under this section shall not be eligi-ble for credit, reimbursement, or repayment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5746 September 15, 2016 
for the value of those materials, services, or funds. 
SEC. 1005. NON-FEDERAL STUDY AND CONSTRUC-TION OF PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may ac-cept and expend funds provided by non-Fed-eral interests to undertake reviews, inspec-tions, monitoring, and other Federal activi-ties related to non-Federal interests car-rying out the study, design, or construction of water resources development projects under section 203 or 204 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231, 2232) or any other Federal law. (b) I
NCLUSION IN COSTS.—In determining credit or reimbursement, the Secretary may include the amount of funds provided by a non-Federal interest under this section as a cost of the study, design, or construction. 
SEC. 1006. MUNITIONS DISPOSAL. 
Section 1027 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 426e–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, at full Federal expense,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary may’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘funded’’ and inserting ‘‘reimbursed’’. 
SEC. 1007. CHALLENGE COST-SHARING PROGRAM FOR MANAGEMENT OF RECREATION FACILITIES. 
Section 225 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2328) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) U
SERFEES.— ‘‘(1) C
OLLECTION OF FEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow a non-Federal public or private entity that has entered into an agreement pursuant to subsection (b) to collect user fees for the use of developed recreation sites and facili-ties, whether developed or constructed by that entity or the Department of the Army. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF VISITOR RESERVATION SERV -
ICES.—A public or private entity described in subparagraph (A) may use to manage fee col-lections and reservations under this section any visitor reservation service that the Sec-retary has provided for by contract or inter-agency agreement, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FEES .—A non-Federal public or private entity that collects user fees under paragraph (1) may— ‘‘(A) retain up to 100 percent of the fees collected, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding section 210(b)(4) of the Flood Control Act of 1968 (16 U.S.C. 460d– 3(b)(4)), use that amount for operation, main-tenance, and management at the recreation site at which the fee is collected. ‘‘(3) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The authority of a non-Federal public or private entity under this subsection shall be subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines necessary to protect the inter-ests of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1008. STRUCTURES AND FACILITIES CON-STRUCTED BY THE SECRETARY. 
Section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (33 U.S.C. 408) (commonly known as the ‘‘Rivers and Harbors Act of 1899’’), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘That it shall not be law-ful’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITIONS AND PERMISSIONS .—It shall not be lawful’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) C
ONCURRENT REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) NEPA 
REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which an activity subject to this section requires a re-view under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), review and approval under this section shall, to the maximum extent practicable, occur concur-rently with any review and decisions made under that Act. ‘‘(B) CORPS OF ENGINEERS AS A COOPERATING  
AGENCY .—If the Corps of Engineers is not the lead Federal agency for an environmental re-view described in subparagraph (A), the Chief of Engineers shall, to the maximum extent practicable— ‘‘(i) participate in the review as a cooper-ating agency (unless the Chief of Engineers does not intend to submit comments on the project); and ‘‘(ii) adopt and use any environmental doc-ument prepared under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) by the lead agency to the same extent that a Federal agency could adopt or use a document prepared by another Federal agen-cy under— ‘‘(I) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(2) R
EVIEWS BY SECRETARY .—In any case in which the Secretary of the Army is re-quired to approve an action under this sec-tion and under another authority, including sections 9 and 10 of this Act, section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344), and section 103 of the Marine Protection, Research, and Sanctuaries Act of 1972 (33 U.S.C. 1413), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate the reviews and, to the maximum extent practicable, carry out the reviews concurrently; and ‘‘(B) adopt and use any document prepared by the Corps of Engineers for the purpose of complying with the same law and that ad-dresses the same types of impacts in the same geographic area if the document, as de-termined by the Secretary, is current and applicable. ‘‘(3) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary of the Army may accept and expend funds re-ceived from non-Federal public or private en-tities to evaluate under this section an alter-ation or permanent occupation or use of a work built by the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1009. PROJECT COMPLETION. 
For any project authorized under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835), the authorization of appropriations is in-creased by the amount, including in incre-ments, necessary to allow completion of the project if— (1) as of the date of enactment of this Act, the project has received more than $4,000,000 in Federal appropriations and those appro-priations equal an amount that is greater than 80 percent of the authorized amount; (2) significant progress has been dem-onstrated toward completion of the project or segments of the project but the project is not complete as of the date of enactment of this Act; and (3) the benefits of the Federal investment will not be realized without an increase in the authorization of appropriations to allow completion of the project. 
SEC. 1010. CONTRIBUTED FUNDS. 
(a) C ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—Section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h) (com-monly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1936’’), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘funds appropriated by the United States for’’; and (2) in the first proviso, by inserting after ‘‘authorized purposes of the project:’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘Provided further, That the Secretary may receive and expend funds from a State or a political subdivision of a State and other non-Federal interests to formulate, re-view, or revise, consistent with authorized project purposes, operational documents for any reservoir owned and operated by the Secretary (other than reservoirs in the Upper Missouri River, the Apalachicola- Chattahoochee-Flint River system, the Ala-bama-Coosa-Tallapoosa River system, and the Stones River):’’ (b) REPORT .—Section 1015 of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 is amended by striking subsection (b) (33 U.S.C. 701h note; Public Law 113–121) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 1 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Environment and Public Works and Appropriations of the Senate and the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that— ‘‘(1) describes the number of agreements executed in the previous fiscal year for the acceptance of contributed funds under sec-tion 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h) (commonly known as the ‘Flood Con-trol Act of 1936’); and ‘‘(2) includes information on the projects and amounts of contributed funds referred to in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 1011. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN BENEFITS AND COSTS INCLUDED IN FINAL FEASIBILITY STUDIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For a navigation project authorized after November 7, 2007, involving offshore oil and gas fabrication ports, the recommended plan by the Chief of Engineers shall be the plan that uses the value of fu-ture energy exploration and production fab-rication contracts and the transportation savings that would result from a larger navi-gation channel in accordance with section 6009 of the Emergency Supplemental Appro-priations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsunami Relief, 2005 (Public Law 109–13; 119 Stat. 282). (b) S
PECIAL RULE.—In addition to projects described in subsection (a), this section shall apply to— (1) a project that has undergone an eco-nomic benefits update; and (2) at the request of the non-Federal spon-sor, any ongoing feasibility study for which the benefits under section 6009 of the Emer-gency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsu-nami Relief, 2005 (Public Law 109–13; 119 Stat. 282) may apply. 
SEC. 1012. LEVERAGING FEDERAL INFRASTRUC-TURE FOR INCREASED WATER SUP-PLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At the request of a non- Federal interest, the Secretary may review proposals to increase the quantity of avail-able supplies of water at Federal water re-sources projects through— (1) modification of a water resources project; (2) modification of how a project is man-aged; or (3) accessing water released from a project. (b) P
ROPOSALS INCLUDED .—A proposal under subsection (a) may include— (1) increasing the storage capacity of the project; (2) diversion of water released or with-drawn from the project— (A) to recharge groundwater; (B) to aquifer storage and recovery; or (C) to any other storage facility; (3) construction of facilities for delivery of water from pumping stations constructed by the Secretary; (4) construction of facilities to access water; and (5) a combination of the activities de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (4). (c) E
XCLUSIONS .—This section shall not apply to a proposal that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5747 September 15, 2016 
(1) reallocates existing water supply or hy-dropower storage; or (2) reduces water available for any author-ized project purpose. (d) O
THER FEDERAL PROJECTS .—In any case in which a proposal relates to a Federal project that is not owned by the Secretary, this section shall apply only to activities under the authority of the Secretary. (e) R
EVIEW PROCESS .— (1) N
OTICE .—On receipt of a proposal sub-mitted under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide a copy of the proposal to each entity described in paragraph (2) and if appli-cable, the Federal agency that owns the project, in the case of a project owned by an agency other than the Department of the Army. (2) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—In reviewing proposals submitted under subsection (a), and prior to making any decisions regarding a proposal, the Secretary shall comply with all applicable public participation require-ments under law, including consultation with— (A) affected States; (B) Power Marketing Administrations, in the case of reservoirs with Federal hydro-power projects; (C) entities responsible for operation and maintenance costs; (D) any entity that has a contractual right from the Federal Government or a State to withdraw water from, or use storage at, the project; (E) entities that the State determines hold rights under State law to the use of water from the project; and (F) units of local government with flood risk reduction responsibilities downstream of the project. (f) A
UTHORITIES .—A proposal submitted to the Secretary under subsection (a) may be reviewed and approved, if applicable and ap-propriate, under— (1) the specific authorization for the water resources project; (2) section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a); (3) section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b); and (4) section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (commonly known as the ‘‘Rivers and Har-bors Act of 1899’’) (33 U.S.C. 408). (g) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary shall not approve a proposal submitted under sub-section (a) that— (1) is not supported by the Federal agency that owns the project if the owner is not the Secretary; (2) interferes with an authorized purpose of the project; (3) adversely impacts contractual rights to water or storage at the reservoir; (4) adversely impacts legal rights to water under State law, as determined by an af-fected State; (5) increases costs for any entity other than the entity that submitted the proposal; or (6) if a project is subject to section 301(e) of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b(e)), makes modifications to the project that do not meet the requirements of that section unless the modification is submitted to and authorized by Congress. (h) C
OSTSHARE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), 100 percent of the cost of de-veloping, reviewing, and implementing a pro-posal submitted under subsection (a) shall be provided by an entity other than the Federal Government. (2) P
LANNING ASSISTANCE TO STATES .—In the case of a proposal from an entity author-ized to receive assistance under section 22 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–16), the Secretary may use funds available under that section to pay 50 percent of the cost of a review of a pro-posal submitted under subsection (a). (3) OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE COSTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), the operation and maintenance costs for the non-Federal spon-sor of a proposal submitted under subsection (a) shall be 100 percent of the separable oper-ation and maintenance costs associated with the costs of implementing the proposal. (B) C
ERTAIN WATER SUPPLY STORAGE  
PROJECTS .—For a proposal submitted under subsection (a) for constructing additional water supply storage at a reservoir for use under a water supply storage agreement, in addition to the costs under subparagraph (A), the non-Federal costs shall include the proportional share of any joint-use costs for operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, or rehabilitation of the reservoir project de-termined in accordance with section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b). (C) V
OLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS .—An entity other than an entity described in subpara-graph (A) may voluntarily contribute to the costs of implementing a proposal submitted under subsection (a). (i) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may receive and expend funds contributed by a non-Federal interest for the review and ap-proval of a proposal submitted under sub-section (a). (j) A
SSISTANCE .—On request by a non-Fed-eral interest, the Secretary may provide technical assistance in the development or implementation of a proposal under sub-section (a), including assistance in obtaining necessary permits for construction, if the non-Federal interest contracts with the Sec-retary to pay all costs of providing the tech-nical assistance. (k) E
XCLUSION .—This section shall not apply to reservoirs in— (1) the Upper Missouri River; (2) the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint river system; (3) the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa river system; and (4) the Stones River. (l) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section affects or modifies any authority of the Secretary to review or modify reservoirs. 
SEC. 1013. NEW ENGLAND DISTRICT HEAD-QUARTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), using amounts available in the revolving fund established by section 101 of the Civil Functions Appropriations Act, 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576) and not otherwise obligated, the Sec-retary may— (1) design, renovate, and construct addi-tions to 2 buildings located on Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Massachusetts for the headquarters of the New England District of the Army Corps of Engineers; and (2) carry out such construction and infra-structure improvements as are required to support the headquarters of the New England District of the Army Corps of Engineers, in-cluding any necessary demolition of the ex-isting infrastructure. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the revolving fund established by section 101 of the Civil Functions Appropriations Act, 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576) is appropriately reim-bursed from funds appropriated for programs that receive a benefit under this section. 
SEC. 1014. BUFFALO DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), using amounts available in the revolving fund established by section 101 of the Civil Functions Appropriations Act, 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576) and not otherwise obligated, the Sec-retary may— (1) design and construct a new building in Buffalo, New York, for the headquarters of the Buffalo District of the Army Corps of En-gineers; and (2) carry out such construction and infra-structure improvements as are required to support the headquarters and related instal-lations and facilities of the Buffalo District of the Army Corps of Engineers, including any necessary demolition or renovation of the existing infrastructure. (b) REQUIREMENT .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the revolving fund established by section 101 of the Civil Functions Appropriations Act, 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576) is appropriately reim-bursed from funds appropriated for programs that receive a benefit under this section. 
SEC. 1015. COMPLETION OF ECOSYSTEM RES-TORATION PROJECTS. 
Section 2039 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2330a) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NCLUSIONS .—A monitoring plan under subsection (b) shall include a description of— ‘‘(1) the types and number of restoration activities to be conducted; ‘‘(2) the physical action to be undertaken to achieve the restoration objectives of the project; ‘‘(3) the functions and values that will re-sult from the restoration plan; and ‘‘(4) a contingency plan for taking correc-tive actions in cases in which monitoring demonstrates that restoration measures are not achieving ecological success in accord-ance with criteria described in the moni-toring plan. ‘‘(e) C
ONCLUSION OF OPERATION AND MAIN-
TENANCE RESPONSIBILITY .—The responsibility of the non-Federal sponsor for operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, and reha-bilitation of the ecosystem restoration project shall cease 10 years after the date on which the Secretary makes a determination of success under subsection (b)(2).’’. 
SEC. 1016. CREDIT FOR DONATED GOODS. 
Section 221(a)(4)(D)(iv) of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d– 5b(a)(4)(D)(iv)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘regardless of the cost in-curred by the non-Federal interest,’’ before ‘‘shall not’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘costs’’ and inserting ‘‘value’’. 
SEC. 1017. STRUCTURAL HEALTH MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-sign and develop a structural health moni-toring program to assess and improve the condition of infrastructure constructed and maintained by the Corps of Engineers, in-cluding research, design, and development of systems and frameworks for— (1) response to flood and earthquake events; (2) pre-disaster mitigation measures; (3) lengthening the useful life of the infra-structure; and (4) identifying risks due to sea level rise. (b) C
ONSULTATION AND CONSIDERATION .—In developing the program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) consult with academic and other ex-perts; and (2) consider models for maintenance and repair information, the development of deg-radation models for real-time measurements and environmental inputs, and research on qualitative inspection data as surrogate sen-sors. 
SEC. 1018. FISH AND WILDLIFE MITIGATION. 
Section 906 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5748 September 15, 2016 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) include measures to protect or restore habitat connectivity’’; (B) in paragraph (6)(C), by striking ‘‘im-pacts’’ and inserting ‘‘impacts, including im-pacts to habitat connectivity’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (11) and inserting the following: ‘‘(11) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this subsection— ‘‘(A) requires the Secretary to undertake additional mitigation for existing projects for which mitigation has already been initi-ated, including the addition of fish passage to an existing water resources development project; or ‘‘(B) affects the mitigation responsibilities of the Secretary under any other provision of law.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary may use funds made available for preconstruction engineering and design prior to authoriza-tion of project construction to satisfy miti-gation requirements through third-party ar-rangements or to acquire interests in land necessary for meeting mitigation require-ments under this section. ‘‘(k) M
EASURES .—The Secretary shall con-sult with interested members of the public, the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the Assistant Adminis-trator for Fisheries of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, States, in-cluding State fish and game departments, and interested local governments to identify standard measures under subsection (h)(6)(C) that reflect the best available scientific in-formation for evaluating habitat connectivity.’’. 
SEC. 1019. NON-FEDERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 221(b)(1) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Village Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602))’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’. 
SEC. 1020. DISCRETE SEGMENT. 
Section 204 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2232) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘project or separable ele-ment’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘project, separable element, or discrete seg-ment’’; (2) by striking ‘‘project, or separable ele-ment thereof,’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘project, separable element, or dis-crete segment of a project’’; (3) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (B) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘In this section, the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
ISCRETE SEGMENT .—The term ‘dis-crete segment’, with respect to a project, means a physical portion of the project, as described in design documents, that is envi-ronmentally acceptable, is complete, will not create a hazard, and functions independ-ently so that the non-Federal sponsor can operate and maintain the discrete segment in advance of completion of the total project or separable element of the project. ‘‘(2) W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECT .—The’’; (4) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘project, or separate element thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘project, separable element, or dis-crete segment of a project’’; and (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘project’’ and inserting ‘‘project, separable element, or dis-crete segment’’; (B) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘project, or a separable element of a water resources development project,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘project, separable element, or discrete segment of a project’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) REPAYMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—If the non-Federal interest receives reimbursement for a discrete segment of a project and fails to complete the entire project or separable element of the project, the non-Federal in-terest shall repay to the Secretary the amount of the reimbursement, plus inter-est.’’. 
SEC. 1021. FUNDING TO PROCESS PERMITS. 
Section 214(a) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2352(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) R
AIL CARRIER .—The term ‘rail carrier’ has the meaning given the term in section 10102 of title 49, United States Code.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or natural gas company’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas company, or rail carrier’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or natural gas company’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas company, or rail carrier’’; and (4) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and nat-ural gas companies’’ and inserting ‘‘, natural gas companies, and rail carriers, including an evaluation of the compliance with all re-quirements of this section and, with respect to a permit for those entities, the require-ments of all applicable Federal laws’’. 
SEC. 1022. INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH PRO-GRAM. 
Section 401 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2329) is amend-ed by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may en-gage in activities to inform the United States of technological innovations abroad that could significantly improve water re-sources development in the United States. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Activities under para-graph (1) may include— ‘‘(A) development, monitoring, assessment, and dissemination of information about for-eign water resources projects that could sig-nificantly improve water resources develop-ment in the United States; ‘‘(B) research, development, training, and other forms of technology transfer and ex-change; and ‘‘(C) offering technical services that can-not be readily obtained in the private sector to be incorporated into water resources projects if the costs for assistance will be re-covered under the terms of each project.’’. 
SEC. 1023. WETLANDS MITIGATION. 
Section 2036(c) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2317b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) M
ITIGATION BANKS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall issue implementa-tion guidance that provides for the consider-ation in water resources development feasi-bility studies of the entire amount of poten-tial in-kind credits available at mitigation banks and in-lieu fee programs with an ap-proved service area that includes the pro-jected impacts of the water resource develop-ment project. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—All potential mitiga-tion bank and in-lieu fee credits that meet the criteria under subparagraph (A) shall be considered a reasonable alternative for plan-ning purposes if the applicable mitigation bank— ‘‘(i) has an approved mitigation banking instrument; and ‘‘(ii) has completed a functional analysis of the potential credits using the approved Corps of Engineers certified habitat assess-ment model specific to the region. ‘‘(C) EFFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph modifies or alters any requirement for a water resources project to comply with ap-plicable laws or regulations, including sec-tion 906 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283).’’. 
SEC. 1024. USE OF YOUTH SERVICE AND CON-SERVATION CORPS. 
Section 213 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2339) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) Y
OUTH SERVICE AND CONSERVATION  C
ORPS .—The Secretary shall encourage each district of the Corps of Engineers to enter into cooperative agreements authorized under this section with qualified youth serv-ice and conservation corps to perform appro-priate projects.’’. 
SEC. 1025. DEBRIS REMOVAL. 
Section 3 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act au-thorizing the construction, repair, and pres-ervation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, ap-proved March 2, 1945 (33 U.S.C. 603a), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’; (2) by striking ‘‘accumulated snags and other debris’’ and inserting ‘‘accumulated snags, obstructions, and other debris located in or adjacent to a Federal channel’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘or flood control’’ and in-serting ‘‘, flood control, or recreation’’. 
SEC. 1026. AQUACULTURE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General shall carry out an assessment of the shellfish aquaculture industry, including— (1) an examination of Federal and State laws (including regulations) in each relevant district of the Corps of Engineers; (2) the number of shellfish aquaculture leases, verifications, or permits in place in each relevant district of the Corps of Engi-neers; (3) the period of time required to secure a shellfish aquaculture lease, verification, or permit from each relevant jurisdiction; and (4) the experience of the private sector in applying for shellfish aquaculture permits from different jurisdictions of the Corps of Engineers and different States. (b) S
TUDY AREA.—The study area shall comprise, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, the following applicable locations: (1) The Chesapeake Bay. (2) The Gulf Coast States. (3) The State of California. (4) The State of Washington. (c) F
INDINGS .—Not later than 225 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Commit-tees on Environment and Public Works and on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate and the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the findings of the assessment con-ducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1027. LEVEE VEGETATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3013(g)(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 701n note; Public Law 113–121) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘remove existing vegeta-tion or’’ after ‘‘the Secretary shall not’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘as a condition or require-ment for any approval or funding of a project, or any other action’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5749 September 15, 2016 
(b) R EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) describes the reasons for the failure of the Secretary to meet the deadlines in sub-section (f) of section 3013 of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 701n note; Public Law 113–121); and (2) provides a plan for completion of the ac-tivities required in that subsection (f). 
SEC. 1028. PLANNING ASSISTANCE TO STATES. 
Section 22(a)(1) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d– 16(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, a group of States, or a regional or national consortia of States’’ after ‘‘working with a State’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘located within the bound-aries of such State’’. 
SEC. 1029. PRIORITIZATION. 
Section 1011 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2341a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by inserting ‘‘re-store or’’ before ‘‘prevent the loss’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘that—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘that’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), respectively, and indenting ap-propriately; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (C) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘For’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF CUR -
RENTLY AUTHORIZED PROGRAMMATIC AUTHORI -
TIES.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2016, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that contains— ‘‘(A) a list of all programmatic authorities for aquatic ecosystem restoration or im-provement of the environment that— ‘‘(i) were authorized or modified in the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1041) or any subsequent Act; and ‘‘(ii) that meet the criteria described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) a plan for expeditiously completing the projects under the authorities described in subparagraph (A), subject to available funding.’’. 
SEC. 1030. KENNEWICK MAN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
LAIMANT TRIBES .—The term ‘‘claimant tribes’’ means the Indian tribes and band re-ferred to in the letter from Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt to Secretary of the Army Louis Caldera, relating to the human remains and dated September 21, 2000. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation. (3) H
UMAN REMAINS .—The term ‘‘human re-mains’’ means the human remains that— (A) are known as Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, which includes the projectile point lodged in the right ilium bone, as well as any residue from previous sampling and studies; and (B) are part of archaeological collection number 45BN495. (b) TRANSFER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal law, including the Na-tive American Graves Protection and Repa-triation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), or law of the State of Washington, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall transfer the human remains to the Department, on the condition that the Department, acting through the State His-toric Preservation Officer, disposes of the re-mains and repatriates the remains to claim-ant tribes. (c) C
OST.—The Corps of Engineers shall be responsible for any costs associated with the transfer. (d) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The transfer shall be lim-ited solely to the human remains portion of the archaeological collection. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary shall have no further responsibility for the human re-mains transferred pursuant to subsection (b) after the date of the transfer. 
SEC. 1031. DISPOSITION STUDIES. 
In carrying out any disposition study for a project of the Corps of Engineers (including a study under section 216 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a)), the Sec-retary shall consider the extent to which the property has economic or recreational sig-nificance or impacts at the national, State, or local level. 
SEC. 1032. TRANSFER OF EXCESS CREDIT. 
Section 1020 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2223) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Subject to subsection (b)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
PPLICATION OF CREDIT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE INTERVALS .—On request from a non-Federal interest, the credit de-scribed in subsection (a) may be applied at reasonable intervals as those intervals occur and are identified as being in excess of the required non-Federal cost share prior to completion of the study or project if the credit amount is verified by the Secretary.’’; (2) by striking subsection (d); and (3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). 
SEC. 1033. SURPLUS WATER STORAGE. 
Section 1046(c) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1254) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) T
IME LIMIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary has doc-umented the volume of surplus water avail-able, not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a request for a contract and easement, the Secretary shall issue a decision on the request. ‘‘(B) O
UTSTANDING INFORMATION .—If the Secretary has not documented the volume of surplus water available, not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a request for a contract and ease-ment, the Secretary shall provide to the re-quester— ‘‘(i) an identification of any outstanding information that is needed to make a final decision; ‘‘(ii) the date by which the information re-ferred to in clause (i) shall be obtained; and ‘‘(iii) the date by which the Secretary will make a final decision on the request.’’. SEC. 1034. HURRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RE-DUCTION. 
Section 3(c)(2)(B) of the Act of August 13, 1946 (33 U.S.C. 426g(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1035. FISH HATCHERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may operate a fish hatchery for the purpose of re-storing a population of fish species located in the region surrounding the fish hatchery that is listed as a threatened species or an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or a similar State law. (b) C
OSTS.—A non-Federal entity, another Federal agency, or a group of non-Federal entities or other Federal agencies shall be responsible for 100 percent of the additional costs associated with managing a fish hatch-ery for the purpose described in subsection (a) that are not authorized as of the date of enactment of this Act for the fish hatchery. 
SEC. 1036. FEASIBILITY STUDIES AND WATER-SHED ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) V ERTICAL INTEGRATION AND ACCELERA -
TION OF STUDIES .—Section 1001(d) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282c(d)) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 1 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that iden-tifies any feasibility study for which the Sec-retary in the preceding fiscal year approved an increase in cost or extension in time as provided under this section, including an identification of the specific 1 or more fac-tors used in making the determination that the project is complex.’’. (b) C
OSTSHARING .—Section 105(a)(1)(A) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2215(a)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking the subparagraph designa-tion and heading and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—For the purpose of meet-ing or otherwise communicating with pro-spective non-Federal sponsors to identify the scope of a potential water resources project feasibility study, identifying the Federal in-terest, developing the cost sharing agree-ment, and developing the project manage-ment plan, the first $100,000 of the feasibility study shall be a Federal expense.’’. (c) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—Section 729(f)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2267a(f)(1)) is amended by in-serting before the period at the end ‘‘, except that the first $100,000 of the assessment shall be a Federal expense’’. 
SEC. 1037. SHORE DAMAGE PREVENTION OR MITI-GATION. 
Section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968 (33 U.S.C. 426i) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘meas-ures’’ and all that follows through ‘‘project’’ and inserting ‘‘measures, including a study, shall be cost-shared in the same proportion as the cost-sharing provisions applicable to construction of the project’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR FEASIBILITY  S
TUDIES .—Beginning on the date of enact-ment of this subsection, in any case in which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5750 September 15, 2016 
the Secretary implements a project under this section, the Secretary shall reimburse or credit the non-Federal interest for any amounts contributed for the study evalu-ating the damage in excess of the non-Fed-eral share of the costs, as determined under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 1038. ENHANCING LAKE RECREATION OP-PORTUNITIES. 
Section 3134 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1142) is amended by striking subsection (e). 
SEC. 1039. COST ESTIMATES. 
Section 2008 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2340) is amend-ed by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 1040. TRIBAL PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2269) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘projects’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary may carry out water-related planning activities, or activities relating to the study, design, and construction of water resources develop-ment projects or projects for the preserva-tion of cultural and natural resources,’’; (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS TO BE STUDIED .—A study’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Any activ-ity’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
EASIBILITY STUDY AND REPORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—On the request of an In-dian tribe, the Secretary shall conduct a study, and provide to the Indian tribe a re-port describing the feasibility of a water re-sources development project or project for the preservation of cultural and natural re-sources described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATION .—A report under subparagraph (A) may, but shall not be re-quired to, contain a recommendation on a specific water resources development project. ‘‘(C) F
UNDING .—The first $100,000 of a study under this paragraph shall be at full Federal expense. ‘‘(4) D
ESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out the design and construction of a water resources development project or project for the preservation of cultural and natural resources described in paragraph (1) that the Secretary determines is feasible if the Federal share of the cost of the project is not more than $10,000,000. ‘‘(B) S
PECIFIC AUTHORIZATION .—If the Fed-eral share of the cost of a project described in subparagraph (A) is more than $10,000,000, the Secretary may only carry out the project if Congress enacts a law authorizing the Sec-retary to carry out the project.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘studies’’ and inserting ‘‘any activity’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘car-rying out projects studied’’ and inserting ‘‘any activity conducted’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘a study’’ and inserting ‘‘any activity con-ducted’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) C
REDIT .—The Secretary may credit to-ward the non-Federal share of the costs of any activity conducted under subsection (b) the cost of services, studies, supplies, or other in-kind contributions provided by the non-Federal interest. ‘‘(3) SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—The Secretary shall not require an Indian tribe to waive the sovereign immunity of the Indian tribe as a condition to entering into a cost-sharing agreement under this subsection. ‘‘(4) W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of costs for the study of a water resources de-velopment project described in subsection (b)(1) shall be 50 percent. ‘‘(B) O
THER COSTS .—The non-Federal share of costs of design and construction of a project described in subparagraph (A) shall be assigned to the appropriate project pur-poses described in sections 101 and 103 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211, 2213) and shared in the same per-centages as the purposes to which the costs are assigned. ‘‘(5) P
ROJECTS FOR THE PRESERVATION OF  
CULTURAL AND NATURAL RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of costs for the study of a project for the preservation of cultural and natural re-sources described in subsection (b)(1) shall be 50 percent. ‘‘(B) O
THER COSTS .—The non-Federal share of costs of design and construction of a project described in subparagraph (A) shall be 65 percent. ‘‘(6) W
ATER -RELATED PLANNING ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share of costs of a watershed and river basin as-sessment shall be 25 percent. ‘‘(B) O
THER COSTS .—The non-Federal share of costs of other water-related planning ac-tivities described in subsection (b)(1) shall be 65 percent.’’; and (4) by striking subsection (e). 
SEC. 1041. COST SHARING FOR TERRITORIES AND INDIAN TRIBES. 
Section 1156 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310) is amend-ed— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
TERRITORIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ TERRITORIES  
AND INDIAN TRIBES ’’; and (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall waive local cost-sharing requirements up to $200,000 for all studies, projects, and assist-ance under section 22(a) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–16(a))— ‘‘(1) in American Samoa, Guam, the North-ern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands; and ‘‘(2) for any Indian tribe (as defined in sec-tion 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 5130)).’’. 
SEC. 1042. LOCAL GOVERNMENT WATER MANAGE-MENT PLANS. 
The Secretary, with the consent of the non-Federal sponsor of a feasibility study for a water resources development project, may enter into a feasibility study cost-sharing agreement under section 221(a) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(a)), to allow a unit of local government in a water-shed that has adopted a local or regional water management plan to participate in the feasibility study to determine if there is an opportunity to include additional feasible elements in the project being studied to help achieve the purposes identified in the local or regional water management plan. 
SEC. 1043. CREDIT IN LIEU OF REIMBURSEMENT. 
Section 1022 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2225) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘that has been constructed by a non-Federal interest under section 211 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) be-fore the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘for which a written agreement with the Corps of Engineers for construction was finalized on or before December 31, 2014, under section 211 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) (as it existed before the repeal made by section 1014(c)(3))’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘share of the cost of the non-Federal interest of car-rying out other flood damage reduction projects or studies’’ and inserting ‘‘non-Fed-eral share of the cost of carrying out other water resources development projects or studies of the non-Federal interest’’. SEC. 1044. RETROACTIVE CHANGES TO COST- SHARING AGREEMENTS. 
Study costs incurred before the date of execution of a feasibility cost-sharing agree-ment for a project to be carried out under section 206 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 2330) shall be Fed-eral costs, if— (1) the study was initiated before October 1, 2006; and (2) the feasibility cost-sharing agreement was not executed before January 1, 2014. 
SEC. 1045. EASEMENTS FOR ELECTRIC, TELE-PHONE, OR BROADBAND SERVICE FACILITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FINANC-ING UNDER THE RURAL ELEC-TRIFICATION ACT OF 1936. 
(a) D EFINITION OF WATER RESOURCES DE-
VELOPMENT PROJECT .—In this section, the term ‘‘water resources development project’’ means a project under the administrative ju-risdiction of the Corps of Engineers that is subject to part 327 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). (b) N
OCONSIDERATION FOR EASEMENTS .— The Secretary may not collect consideration for an easement across water resources de-velopment project land for the electric, tele-phone, or broadband service facilities of non-profit organizations eligible for financing under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.). (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Nothing in this section affects the authority of the Sec-retary under section 2695 of title 10, United States Code, or under section 9701 of title 31, United State Code, to collect funds to cover reasonable administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1046. STUDY ON THE PERFORMANCE OF IN-NOVATIVE MATERIALS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF INNOVATIVE MATERIAL .— In this section, the term ‘‘innovative mate-rial’’, with respect to a water resources de-velopment project, includes high perform-ance concrete formulations, geosynthetic materials, advanced alloys and metals, rein-forced polymer composites, and any other material, as determined by the Secretary. (b) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall offer to enter into a contract with the Transpor-tation Research Board of the National Acad-emy of Sciences— (A) to develop a proposal to study the use and performance of innovative materials in water resources development projects car-ried out by the Corps of Engineers; and (B) after the opportunity for public com-ment provided in accordance with subsection (c), to carry out the study proposed under subparagraph (A). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The study under paragraph (1) shall identify— (A) the conditions that result in degrada-tion of water resources infrastructure; (B) the capabilities of the innovative mate-rials in reducing degradation; (C) barriers to the expanded successful use of innovative materials; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5751 September 15, 2016 
(D) recommendations on including per-formance-based requirements for the incor-poration of innovative materials into the Unified Facilities Guide Specifications; (E) recommendations on how greater use of innovative materials could increase perform-ance of an asset of the Corps of Engineers in relation to extended service life; (F) additional ways in which greater use of innovative materials could empower the Corps of Engineers to accomplish the goals of the Strategic Plan for Civil Works of the Corps of Engineers; and (G) recommendations on any further re-search needed to improve the capabilities of innovative materials in achieving extended service life and reduced maintenance costs in water resources development infrastructure. (c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—After developing the study proposal under subsection (b)(1)(A) and before carrying out the study under sub-section (b)(1)(B), the Secretary shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the study proposal. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary, at a minimum, shall consult with relevant experts on engineering, environmental, and industry considerations. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the results of the study required under subsection (b)(1). 
SEC. 1047. DEAUTHORIZATION OF INACTIVE PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6001(c) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 579b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF CONSTRUCTION .—In this subsection, the term ‘construction’ includes the obligation or expenditure of non-Federal funds for construction of elements integral to the authorized project, whether or not the activity takes place pursuant to any agree-ment with, expenditure by, or obligation from the Secretary.’’. (b) N
OTICES OF CORRECTION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Fed-eral Register a notice of correction removing from the lists under subsections (c) and (d) of section 6001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 579b) any project that was listed even though con-struction (as defined in subsection (c)(5) of that section) took place. 
SEC. 1048. REVIEW OF RESERVOIR OPERATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
ESERVED WORKS .—The term ‘‘reserved works’’ means any Bureau of Reclamation project facility at which the Secretary of the Interior carries out the operation and main-tenance of the project facility. (2) T
RANSFERRED WORKS .—The term ‘‘trans-ferred works’’ means a Bureau of Reclama-tion project facility, the operation and main-tenance of which is carried out by a non-Fed-eral entity under the provisions of a formal operation and maintenance transfer con-tract. (3) T
RANSFERRED WORKS OPERATING ENTI -
TY.—The term ‘‘transferred works operating entity’’ means the organization that is con-tractually responsible for operation and maintenance of transferred works. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section applies to reservoirs that are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 7 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 709) located in a State in which a Bureau of Reclamation project is located. (2) E
XCLUSIONS .—This section shall not apply to— (A) any project authorized by the Boulder Canyon Project Act (43 U.S.C. 617 et seq.); (B) the initial units of the Colorado River Storage Project, as authorized by the first section of the Act of April 11, 1956 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Stor-age Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620); (C) any dam or reservoir operated by the Bureau of Reclamation as reserved works, unless all non-Federal project sponsors of the reserved works jointly provide to the Secretary a written request for application of this section to the project; (D) any dam or reservoir owned and oper-ated by the Corps of Engineers; or (E) any Bureau of Reclamation transferred works, unless the transferred works oper-ating entity provides to the Secretary a written request for application of this sec-tion to the project. (c) REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with the authorities of the Secretary in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, at the reservoirs described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may— (A) review any flood control rule curves de-veloped by the Secretary; and (B) determine, based on the best available science (including improved weather fore-casts and forecast-informed operations, new watershed data, or structural improvements) whether an update to the flood control rule curves and associated changes to the water operations manuals is appropriate. (2) D
ESCRIPTION OF RESERVOIRS .—The res- ervoirs referred to in paragraph (1) are res-ervoirs— (A)(i) located in areas with prolonged drought conditions; or (ii) for which no review has occurred dur-ing the 10-year period preceding the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) for which individuals or entities, in-cluding the individuals or entities respon-sible for operations and maintenance costs or that have storage entitlements or con-tracts at a reservoir, a unit of local govern-ment, the owner of a non-Federal project, or the non-Federal transferred works operating entity, as applicable, have submitted to the Secretary a written request to carry out the review described in paragraph (1). (3) R
EQUIRED CONSULTATION .—In carrying out a review under paragraph (1) and prior to updating any flood control rule curves and manuals under subsection (e), the Secretary shall comply with all applicable public par-ticipation and agency review requirements, including consultation with— (A) affected States, Indian tribes, and other Federal and State agencies with juris-diction over a portion of or all of the project or the operations of the project; (B) the applicable power marketing admin-istration, in the case of reservoirs with Fed-eral hydropower projects; (C) any non-Federal entity responsible for operation and maintenance costs; (D) any entity that has a contractual right to withdraw water from, or use storage at, the project; (E) any entity that the State determines holds rights under State law to the use of water from the project; and (F) any unit of local government with flood risk reduction responsibilities downstream of the project. (d) A
GREEMENT .—Before carrying out an activity under this section, the Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement, memorandum of understanding, or other agreement with an affected State, any owner or operator of the reservoir, and, on request, any non-Federal entities responsible for op-eration and maintenance costs at the res-ervoir, that describes the scope and goals of the activity and the coordination among the parties. (e) UPDATES .—If the Secretary determines under subsection (c) that an update to a flood control rule curve and associated changes to a water operations manual is ap-propriate, the Secretary may update the flood control rule curve and manual in ac-cordance with the authorities in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (f) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d), the Secretary may accept and expend amounts from the entities described in para-graph (2) to fund all or part of the cost of carrying out a review under subsection (c) or an update under subsection (e), including any associated environmental documenta-tion. (2) D
ESCRIPTION OF ENTITIES .—The entities referred to in paragraph (1) are— (A) non-Federal entities responsible for op-erations and maintenance costs at the af-fected reservoir; (B) individuals and non-Federal entities with storage entitlements at the affected reservoir; (C) a Federal power marketing agency that markets power produced by the affected res-ervoir; (D) units of local government; (E) public or private entities holding con-tracts with the Federal Government for water storage or water supply at the affected reservoir; and (F) a nonprofit entity, with the consent of the affected unit of local government. (3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary may— (A) accept and use materials and services contributed by an entity described in para-graph (2) under this subsection; and (B) credit the value of the contributed ma-terials and services toward the cost of car-rying out a review or revision of operational documents under this section. (g) P
ROTECTION OF EXISTING RIGHTS .—The Secretary shall not issue an updated flood control rule curve or operations manual under subsection (e) that— (1) interferes with an authorized purpose of the project or the existing purposes of a non- Federal project regulated for flood control by the Secretary; (2) reduces the ability to meet contractual rights to water or storage at the reservoir; (3) adversely impacts legal rights to water under State law; (4) fails to address appropriate credit for the appropriate power marketing agency, if applicable; or (5) if a project is subject to section 301(e) of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b(e)), makes modifications to the project that do not meet the requirements of that section, unless the modification is submitted to and authorized by Congress. (h) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section— (1) authorizes the Secretary to take any action not otherwise authorized as of the date of enactment of this Act; (2) affects or modifies any obligation of the Secretary under Federal or State law; or (3) affects or modifies any other authority of the Secretary to review or modify res-ervoir operations. 
SEC. 1049. WRITTEN AGREEMENT REQUIREMENT FOR WATER RESOURCES PROJECTS. 
Section 221(a)(3) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘State legislature, the agree-ment may reflect’’ and inserting ‘‘State leg-islature, on the request of the State, body politic, or entity, the agreement shall re-flect’’. 
SEC. 1050. MAXIMUM COST OF PROJECTS. 
Section 902 of the Water Resources Devel-opment of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2280) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5752 September 15, 2016 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘in-dexes’’ and inserting ‘‘indexes, including ac-tual appreciation in relevant real estate markets’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding sub-section (a), in accordance with section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a)’’; (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (i) by striking ‘‘funds’’ the first place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘funds, in-kind contribu-tions, and land, easements, and right-of-way, relocations, and dredged material disposal areas’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘such funds’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the contributions’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Funds, in-kind contribu-tions, and land, easements, and right-of-way, relocations, and dredged material disposal areas provided under this subsection are not eligible for credit or repayment and shall not be included in calculating the total cost of the project.’’. 
SEC. 1051. CONVERSION OF SURPLUS WATER AGREEMENTS. 
Section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 708), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘
SEC. 6. That the Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6. SALE OF SURPLUS WATERS FOR DOMES-TIC AND INDUSTRIAL USES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) C
ONTINUATION OF CERTAIN WATER SUP-
PLY AGREEMENTS .—In any case in which a water supply agreement was predicated on water that was surplus to a purpose and pro-vided for contingent permanent storage rights under section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b) pending the need for storage for that purpose, and that pur-pose is no longer authorized, the Secretary of the Army shall continue the agreement with the same payment and all other terms as in effect prior to deauthorization of the purpose if the non-Federal entity has met all of the conditions of the agreement. ‘‘(c) P
ERMANENT STORAGE AGREEMENTS .—In any case in which a water supply agreement with a duration of 30 years or longer was predicated on water that was surplus to a purpose and provided for the complete pay-ment of the actual investment costs of stor-age to be used, and that purpose is no longer authorized, the Secretary of the Army shall provide to the non-Federal entity an oppor-tunity to convert the agreement to a perma-nent storage agreement in accordance with section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), with the same payment terms incorporated in the agreement.’’. 
SEC. 1052. AUTHORIZED FUNDING FOR INTER-AGENCY AND INTERNATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
Section 234(d)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 2323a(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1053. SURPLUS WATER STORAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall not charge a fee for surplus water under a con-tract entered into pursuant to section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 708) (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) if the contract is for surplus water stored in the Lake Cumberland Watershed, Kentucky and Tennessee. (b) T
ERMINATION .—The limitation under subsection (a) shall expire on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this sec-tion— (1) affects the authority of the Secretary under section 2695 of title 10, United States Code, to accept funds or to cover the admin-istrative expenses relating to certain real property transactions; (2) affects the application of section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 708) (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) or the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b) to surplus water stored outside of the Lake Cumberland Watershed, Ken-tucky and Tennessee; or (3) affects the authority of the Secretary to accept funds under section 216(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 2321a). SEC. 1054. GAO REVIEW AND REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review, and submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation and effectiveness of the projects carried out under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835). TITLE II—NAVIGATION 
SEC. 2001. PROJECTS FUNDED BY THE INLAND WATERWAYS TRUST FUND. 
Beginning on June 10, 2014, and ending on the date that is 15 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, section 1001(b)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(2)) shall not apply to any project authorized to receive funding from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund estab-lished by section 9506(a) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. 
SEC. 2002. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF FUEL-TAXED INLAND WATERWAYS. 
Section 102(c) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2212(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
REDIT OR REIMBURSEMENT .—The Fed- eral share of operation and maintenance car-ried out by a non-Federal interest under this subsection after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 shall be eligible for reimburse-ment or for credit toward— ‘‘(A) the non-Federal share of future oper-ation and maintenance under this sub-section; or ‘‘(B) any measure carried out by the Sec-retary under section 3017(a) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3303a note; Public Law 113–121).’’. 
SEC. 2003. FUNDING FOR HARBOR MAINTENANCE PROGRAMS. 
Section 2101 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The target total’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subsection (c), the target total’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—If the target total budget resources for a fiscal year described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (J) of subsection (b)(1) is lower than the target total budget resources for the previous fiscal year, then the target total budget resources shall be ad-justed to be equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) 103 percent of the total budget re-sources appropriated for the previous fiscal year; or ‘‘(2) 100 percent of the total amount of har-bor maintenance taxes received in the pre-vious fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 2004. DREDGED MATERIAL DISPOSAL. 
Disposal of dredged material shall not be considered environmentally acceptable for the purposes of identifying the Federal standard (as defined in section 335.7 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)) if the disposal violates applica-ble State water quality standards approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). SEC. 2005. CAPE ARUNDEL DISPOSAL SITE, MAINE. 
(a) D EADLINE .—The Cape Arundel Disposal Site selected by the Department of the Army as an alternative dredged material disposal site under section 103(b) of the Marine Pro-tection, Research, and Sanctuaries Act of 1972 (33 U.S.C. 1413(b)) and reopened pursuant to section 113 of the Energy and Water De-velopment and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 158) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Site’’) may remain open until the earlier of— (1) the date on which the Site does not have any remaining disposal capacity; (2) the date on which an environmental im-pact statement designating an alternative dredged material disposal site for southern Maine has been completed; or (3) the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The use of the Site as a dredged material disposal site under sub-section (a) shall be subject to the conditions that— (1) conditions at the Site remain suitable for the continued use of the Site as a dredged material disposal site; and (2) the Site not be used for the disposal of more than 80,000 cubic yards from any single dredging project. 
SEC. 2006. MAINTENANCE OF HARBORS OF REF-UGE. 
The Secretary is authorized to maintain federally authorized harbors of refuge to re-store and maintain the authorized dimen-sions of the harbors. 
SEC. 2007. AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) consult with the Commandant of the Coast Guard regarding navigation on the Ouachita-Black Rivers; and (2) share information regarding the assist-ance that the Secretary can provide regard-ing the placement of any aids to navigation on the rivers referred to in paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the outcome of the con-sultation under subsection (a). 
SEC. 2008. BENEFICIAL USE OF DREDGED MATE-RIAL. 
Section 204 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2326) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘For sediment’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For sediment’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
EDIMENT FROM OTHER FEDERAL  
SOURCES AND NON -FEDERAL SOURCES .—For purposes of projects carried out under this section, the Secretary may include sediment from other Federal sources and non-Federal sources, subject to the requirement that any sediment obtained from a non-Federal source shall not be obtained at Federal expense.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Disposal of dredged material under this subsection may include a single or periodic application of sediment for beneficial use and shall not require oper-ation and maintenance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5753 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(4) D ISPOSAL AT NON -FEDERAL COST .—The Secretary may accept funds from a non-Fed-eral interest to dispose of dredged material as provided under section 103(d)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2213(d)(1)).’’. 
SEC. 2009. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF HARBOR PROJECTS. 
Section 210(c)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(c)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 2010. ADDITIONAL MEASURES AT DONOR PORTS AND ENERGY TRANSFER PORTS. 
Section 2106 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), re-spectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETIONARY CARGO .—The term ‘dis-cretionary cargo’ means maritime cargo that is destined for inland locations and that can be economically shipped through multiple seaports located in different countries or re-gions.’’; (C) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as clause (i) through (iv), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as redesignated), by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION .—For the purpose of cal-culating the percentage described in sub-paragraph (A)(iii), payments described under subsection (c)(1) shall not be included.’’; (D) in paragraph (5)(A) (as redesignated), by striking ‘‘Code of Federal Regulation’’ and inserting ‘‘Code of Federal Regulations’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) M
EDIUM -SIZED DONOR PORT .—The term ‘medium-sized donor port’ means a port— ‘‘(A) that is subject to the harbor mainte-nance fee under section 24.24 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regu-lation); ‘‘(B) at which the total amount of harbor maintenance taxes collected comprise annu-ally more than $5,000,000 but less than $15,000,000 of the total funding of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund established under section 9505 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(C) that received less than 25 percent of the total amount of harbor maintenance taxes collected at that port in the previous 5 fiscal years; and ‘‘(D) that is located in a State in which more than 2,000,000 cargo containers were un-loaded from or loaded onto vessels in fiscal year 2012.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘donor ports’’ and inserting ‘‘donor ports, medium- sized donor ports,’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) shall be made available to a port as ei-ther a donor port, medium-sized donor port, or an energy transfer port, and no port may receive amounts from more than 1 designa-tion; and ‘‘(C) for donor ports and medium-sized donor ports— ‘‘(i) 50 percent of the funds shall be equally divided between the eligible donor ports as authorized by this section; and ‘‘(ii) 50 percent of the funds shall be divided between the eligible donor ports and eligible medium-sized donor ports based on the per-centage of the total Harbor Maintenance Tax revenues generated at each eligible donor port and medium-sized donor port.’’; (3) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘donor port’’ and inserting ‘‘donor port, a medium- sized donor port,’’; (4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) ADMINISTRATION OF PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a donor port, a me-dium-sized donor port, or an energy transfer port elects to provide payments to importers or shippers under subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall transfer to the Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection the amount that would otherwise be provided to the port under this section that is equal to those pay-ments to provide the payments to the im-porters or shippers of the discretionary cargo that is— ‘‘(A) shipped through respective eligible ports; and ‘‘(B) most at risk of diversion to seaports outside of the United States. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the eligible port, shall limit payments to top importers or shippers through an eligible port, as ranked by value of discretionary cargo.’’; and (5) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the total amounts made available from the Harbor Mainte-nance Trust Fund exceed the total amounts made available from the Harbor Mainte-nance Trust Fund in fiscal year 2012, there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund.’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) D
IVISION BETWEEN DONOR PORTS , ME-
DIUM -SIZED DONOR PORTS , AND ENERGY TRANS -
FER PORTS .—For each fiscal year, amounts made available to carry out this section shall be provided in equal amounts to— ‘‘(A) donor ports and medium-sized donor ports; and ‘‘(B) energy transfer ports.’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 2011. HARBOR DEEPENING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Reform and De-velopment Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1193)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘45 feet’’ and inserting ‘‘50 feet’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘45 feet’’ and inserting ‘‘50 feet’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF DEEP-DRAFT HARBOR .— Section 214(1) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2241(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘45 feet’’ and inserting ‘‘50 feet’’. 
SEC. 2012. OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE OF INLAND MISSISSIPPI RIVER PORTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) I
NLAND MISSISSIPPI RIVER .—The term ‘‘inland Mississippi River’’ means the por-tion of the Mississippi River that begins at the confluence of the Minnesota River and ends at the confluence of the Red River. (2) S
HALLOW DRAFT .—The term ‘‘shallow draft’’ means a project that has a depth of less than 14 feet. (b) DREDGING ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall carry out dredging activities on shal-low draft ports located on the inland Mis-sissippi River to the respective authorized widths and depths of those inland ports, as authorized on the date of enactment of this Act. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For each fiscal year, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $25,000,000. 
SEC. 2013. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE. 
Section 2102 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1273) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016 the Sec-retary shall publish on the website of the Corps of Engineers guidance on the imple-mentation of this section and the amend-ments made by this section.’’. 
SEC. 2014. REMOTE AND SUBSISTENCE HARBORS. 
Section 2006 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2242) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by inserting ‘‘in which the project is located or of a commu-nity that is located in the region that is served by the project and that will rely on the project’’ after ‘‘community’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or of a community that is located in the region to be served by the project and that will rely on the project’’ after ‘‘community’’; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘local pop-ulation’’ and inserting ‘‘regional population to be served by the project’’; and (C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘commu-nity’’ and inserting ‘‘local community or to a community that is located in the region to be served by the project and that will rely on the project’’. 
SEC. 2015. NON-FEDERAL INTEREST DREDGING AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may per-mit a non-Federal interest to carry out, for an authorized navigation project (or a sepa-rable element of an authorized navigation project), such maintenance activities as are necessary to ensure that the project is main-tained to not less than the minimum project dimensions. (b) C
OSTLIMITATIONS .—Except as provided in this section and subject to the availability of appropriations, the costs incurred by a non-Federal interest in performing the main-tenance activities described in subsection (a) shall be eligible for reimbursement, not to exceed an amount that is equal to the esti-mated Federal cost for the performance of the maintenance activities. (c) A
GREEMENT .—Before initiating mainte-nance activities under this section, the non- Federal interest shall enter into an agree-ment with the Secretary that specifies, for the performance of the maintenance activi-ties, the terms and conditions that are ac-ceptable to the non-Federal interest and the Secretary. (d) P
ROVISION OF EQUIPMENT .—In carrying out maintenance activities under this sec-tion, a non-Federal interest shall— (1) provide equipment at no cost to the Federal Government; and (2) hold and save the United States free from any and all damage that arises from the use of the equipment of the non-Federal interest, except for damage due to the fault or negligence of a contractor of the Federal Government. (e) R
EIMBURSEMENT ELIGIBILITY LIMITA -
TIONS .—Costs that are eligible for reimburse-ment under this section are those costs di-rectly related to the costs associated with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5754 September 15, 2016 
operation and maintenance of the dredge based on the lesser of the period of time for which— (1) the dredge is being used in the perform-ance of work for the Federal Government during a given fiscal year; and (2) the actual fiscal year Federal appro-priations identified for that portion of main-tenance dredging that are made available. (f) A
UDIT.—Not earlier than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary may conduct an audit on any mainte-nance activities for an authorized navigation project (or a separable element of an author-ized navigation project) carried out under this section to determine if permitting a non-Federal interest to carry out mainte-nance activities under this section has re-sulted in— (1) improved reliability and safety for navi-gation; and (2) cost savings to the Federal Govern-ment. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority of the Secretary under this section terminates on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2016. TRANSPORTATION COST SAVINGS. 
Section 210(e)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(e)(3)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—For the first report following the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, in the report submitted under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall identify, to the maximum extent practicable, transpor-tation cost savings realized by achieving and maintaining the constructed width and depth for the harbors and inland harbors re-ferred to in subsection (a)(2), on a project-by- project basis.’’. 
SEC. 2017. DREDGED MATERIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding part 335 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary may place dredged material from the operation and maintenance of an author-ized Federal water resources project at an-other authorized water resource project if the Secretary determines that— (1) the placement of the dredged material would— (A)(i) enhance protection from flooding caused by storm surges or sea level rise; or (ii) significantly contribute to shoreline resiliency, including the resilience and res-toration of wetland; and (B) be in the public interest; and (2) the cost associated with the placement of the dredged material is reasonable in rela-tion to the associated environmental, flood protection, and resiliency benefits. (b) A
DDITIONAL COSTS.—If the cost of plac-ing the dredged material at another author-ized water resource project exceeds the cost of depositing the dredged material in accord-ance with the Federal standard (as defined in section 335.7 of title 33, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act)), the Secretary shall not require a non-Federal entity to bear any of the increased costs associated with the placement of the dredged material. 
SEC. 2018. GREAT LAKES NAVIGATION SYSTEM. 
Section 210(d)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘For each of fiscal years 2015 through 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘For each of fiscal years 2015 through 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year’’. SEC. 2019. HARBOR MAINTENANCE TRUST FUND. 
The Secretary shall allocate funding made available to the Secretary from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, established under section 9505 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in accordance with section 210 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238). TITLE III—SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 3001. REHABILITATION ASSISTANCE FOR NON-FEDERAL FLOOD CONTROL PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n), is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF NONSTRUCTURAL ALTER -
NATIVES .—In this subsection, ‘nonstructural alternatives’ includes efforts to restore or protect natural resources including streams, rivers, floodplains, wetlands, or coasts, if those efforts will reduce flood risk.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NCREASED LEVEL OF PROTECTION .—In conducting repair or restoration work under subsection (a), at the request of the non-Fed-eral sponsor, the Secretary may increase the level of protection above the level to which the system was designed, or, if the repair and rehabilitation includes repair or rehabilita-tion of a pumping station, will increase the capacity of a pump, if— ‘‘(1) the Chief of Engineers determines the improvements are in the public interest, in-cluding consideration of whether— ‘‘(A) the authority under this section has been used more than once at the same loca-tion; ‘‘(B) there is an opportunity to decrease significantly the risk of loss of life and prop-erty damage; or ‘‘(C) there is an opportunity to decrease total life cycle rehabilitation costs for the project; and ‘‘(2) the non-Federal sponsor agrees to pay the difference between the cost of repair, res-toration, or rehabilitation to the original de-sign level or original capacity and the cost of achieving the higher level of protection or capacity sought by the non-Federal sponsor. ‘‘(e) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall notify the non-Federal sponsor of the opportunity to request implementation of nonstructural alternatives to the repair or restoration of the flood control work under subsection (a).’’. (b) P
ROJECTS IN COORDINATION WITHCER-
TAIN REHABILITATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which the Secretary has completed a study deter-mining a project for flood damage reduction is feasible and such project is designed to protect the same geographic area as work to be performed under section 5(c) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n(c)), the Sec-retary may, if the Secretary determines that the action is in the public interest, carry out such project with the work being performed under section 5(c) of that Act, subject to the limitations in paragraph (2). (2) C
OST-SHARING .—The cost to carry out a project under paragraph (1) shall be shared in accordance with section 103 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2213). 
SEC. 3002. REHABILITATION OF EXISTING LEV-EES. 
Section 3017 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3303a note; Public Law 113–121) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘if the Secretary determines the necessary work is technically feasible, environmentally accept-able, and economically justified’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘This section’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—This section’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—A measure carried out under subsection (a) shall be implemented in the same manner as the repair or restoration of a flood control work pursuant to section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n).’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The non-Federal’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwith-standing subsection (b)(2), the non-Federal’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $125,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 3003. MAINTENANCE OF HIGH RISK FLOOD CONTROL PROJECTS. 
In any case in which the Secretary has as-sumed, as of the date of enactment of this Act, responsibility for the maintenance of a project classified as class III under the Dam Safety Action Classification of the Corps of Engineers, the Secretary shall continue to be responsible for the maintenance until the earlier of the date that— (1) the project is modified to reduce that risk and the Secretary determines that the project is no longer classified as class III under the Dam Safety Action Classification of the Corps of Engineers; or (2) is 15 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3004. REHABILITATION OF HIGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), and (13) as para-graphs (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (11), (13), (14), (15), and (16), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE HIGH HAZARD POTENTIAL  
DAM.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible high hazard potential dam’ means a non-Federal dam that— ‘‘(i) is located in a State with a State dam safety program; ‘‘(ii) is classified as ‘high hazard potential’ by the State dam safety agency in the State in which the dam is located; ‘‘(iii) has an emergency action plan ap-proved by the relevant State dam safety agency; and ‘‘(iv) the State in which the dam is located determines— ‘‘(I) fails to meet minimum dam safety standards of the State; and ‘‘(II) poses an unacceptable risk to the pub-lic. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘eligible high hazard potential dam’ does not include— ‘‘(i) a licensed hydroelectric dam; or ‘‘(ii) a dam built under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture.’’; (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(10) N
ON-FEDERAL SPONSOR .—The term ‘non-Federal sponsor’, in the case of a project receiving assistance under section 8A, includes— ‘‘(A) a governmental organization; and ‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization.’’ and (4) by inserting after paragraph (11) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(12) R
EHABILITATION .—The term ‘rehabili-tation’ means the repair, replacement, re-construction, or removal of a dam that is carried out to meet applicable State dam safety and security standards.’’. (b) P
ROGRAM FOR REHABILITATION OF HIGH H
AZARD POTENTIAL DAMS.—The National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5755 September 15, 2016 
Dam Safety Program Act is amended by in-serting after section 8 (33 U.S.C. 467f) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 8A. REHABILITATION OF HIGH HAZARD PO-TENTIAL DAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Ad- ministrator shall establish, within FEMA, a program to provide technical, planning, de-sign, and construction assistance in the form of grants to non-Federal sponsors for reha-bilitation of eligible high hazard potential dams. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—A grant award-ed under this section for a project may be used for— ‘‘(1) repair; ‘‘(2) removal; or ‘‘(3) any other structural or nonstructural measures to rehabilitate a high hazard po-tential dam. ‘‘(c) A
WARD OF GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A non-Federal sponsor interested in receiving a grant under this section may submit to the Administrator an application for the grant. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An application sub-mitted to the Administrator under this sec-tion shall be submitted at such time, be in such form, and contain such information as the Administrator may prescribe by regula-tion pursuant to section 3004(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. ‘‘(2) G
RANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may make a grant in accordance with this section for rehabilitation of a high hazard potential dam to a non-Federal sponsor that submits an application for the grant in accordance with the regulations prescribed by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(B) P
ROJECT GRANT AGREEMENT .—The Ad- ministrator shall enter into a project grant agreement with the non-Federal sponsor to establish the terms of the grant and the project, including the amount of the grant. ‘‘(C) G
RANT ASSURANCE .—As part of a project grant agreement under subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall require the non- Federal sponsor to provide an assurance, with respect to the dam to be rehabilitated under the project, that the owner of the dam has developed and will carry out a plan for maintenance of the dam during the expected life of the dam. ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—A grant provided under this section shall not exceed the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 12.5 percent of the total amount of funds made available to carry out this sec-tion; or ‘‘(ii) $7,500,000. ‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL .—A grant awarded under this section for a project shall be approved by the relevant State dam safety agency. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL SPONSOR REQUIRE -
MENTS .—To receive a grant under this sec-tion, the non-Federal sponsor shall— ‘‘(A) participate in, and comply with, all applicable Federal flood insurance programs; ‘‘(B) have in place a hazard mitigation plan that— ‘‘(i) includes all dam risks; and ‘‘(ii) complies with the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–390; 114 Stat. 1552); ‘‘(C) commit to provide operation and maintenance of the project for the 50-year period following completion of rehabilita-tion; ‘‘(D) comply with such minimum eligi-bility requirements as the Administrator may establish to ensure that each owner and operator of a dam under a participating State dam safety program— ‘‘(i) acts in accordance with the State dam safety program; and ‘‘(ii) carries out activities relating to the public in the area around the dam in accord-ance with the hazard mitigation plan de-scribed in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(E) comply with section 611(j)(9) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5196(j)(9)) (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section) with respect to projects receiving assistance under this section in the same manner as recipients are required to comply in order to receive financial contributions from the Administrator for emergency pre-paredness purposes. ‘‘(e) FLOODPLAIN MANAGEMENT PLANS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receipt of assistance under this section, the non- Federal entity shall demonstrate that a floodplain management plan to reduce the impacts of future flood events in the area protected by the project— ‘‘(A) is in place; or ‘‘(B) will be— ‘‘(i) developed not later than 1 year after the date of execution of a project agreement for assistance under this section; and ‘‘(ii) implemented not later than 1 year after the date of completion of construction of the project. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—A plan under paragraph (1) shall address— ‘‘(A) potential measures, practices, and policies to reduce loss of life, injuries, dam-age to property and facilities, public expend-itures, and other adverse impacts of flooding in the area protected by the project; ‘‘(B) plans for flood fighting and evacu-ation; and ‘‘(C) public education and awareness of flood risks. ‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL SUPPORT .—The Adminis-trator may provide technical support for the development and implementation of flood-plain management plans prepared under this subsection. ‘‘(f) P
RIORITY SYSTEM .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Board, shall develop a risk-based priority system for use in iden-tifying high hazard potential dams for which grants may be made under this section. ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any assistance provided under this section for a project shall be sub-ject to a non-Federal cost-sharing require-ment of not less than 35 percent. ‘‘(B) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Fed-eral share under subparagraph (A) may be provided in the form of in-kind contribu-tions. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—The total amount of funds made available to carry out this section for each fiscal year shall be dis-tributed as follows: ‘‘(A) E
QUAL DISTRIBUTION .—1⁄3shall be dis-tributed equally among the States in which the projects for which applications are sub-mitted under subsection (c)(1) are located. ‘‘(B) N
EED-BASED .—2⁄3shall be distributed among the States in which the projects for which applications are submitted under sub-section (c)(1) are located based on the pro-portion that— ‘‘(i) the number of eligible high hazard po-tential dams in the State; bears to ‘‘(ii) the number of eligible high hazard po-tential dams in all States in which projects for which applications are submitted under subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(h) U
SE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds pro-vided in the form of a grant or otherwise made available under this section shall be used— ‘‘(1) to rehabilitate a Federal dam; ‘‘(2) to perform routine operation or main-tenance of a dam; ‘‘(3) to modify a dam to produce hydro-electric power; ‘‘(4) to increase water supply storage ca-pacity; or ‘‘(5) to make any other modification to a dam that does not also improve the safety of the dam. ‘‘(i) CONTRACTUAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), as a condition on the receipt of a grant under this section of an amount greater than $1,000,000, a non-Federal sponsor that re-ceives the grant shall require that each con-tract and subcontract for program manage-ment, construction management, planning studies, feasibility studies, architectural services, preliminary engineering, design, engineering, surveying, mapping, and related services entered into using funds from the grant be awarded in the same manner as a contract for architectural and engineering services is awarded under— ‘‘(A) chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code; or ‘‘(B) an equivalent qualifications-based re-quirement prescribed by the relevant State. ‘‘(2) N
O PROPRIETARY INTEREST .—A contract awarded in accordance with paragraph (1) shall not be considered to confer a propri-etary interest upon the United States. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 for fiscal years 2017 and 2018; ‘‘(2) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(4) $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2026.’’. (c) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) P
ROPOSED RULEMAKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall issue a no-tice of proposed rulemaking regarding appli-cations for grants of assistance under the amendments made by subsection (b) to the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467 et seq.). (2) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall promulgate a final rule regarding the amendments de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 3005. EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF AUTHOR-IZED PROJECTS FOR FLOOD DAM-AGE REDUCTION. 
The Secretary shall expedite the comple-tion of the following projects for flood dam-age reduction and flood risk management: (1) Chicagoland Underflow Plan, Illinois, phase 2, as authorized by section 3(a)(5) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–676; 102 Stat. 4013) and modified by section 319 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–303; 110 Stat. 3715) and section 501 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 334). (2) Cedar River, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as au-thorized by section 7002(2)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366). (3) Comite River, Louisiana, authorized as part of the project for flood control, Amite River and Tributaries, Louisiana, by section 101(11) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4802) and modified by section 301(b)(5) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–03; 110 Stat. 3709) and section 371 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 321). (4) Amite River and Tributaries, Louisiana, East Baton Rouge Parish Watershed, as au-thorized by section 101(a)(21) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 277) and modified by section 116 of division D of Public Law 108–7 (117 Stat. 140) and section 3074 of the Water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5756 September 15, 2016 
Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1124). 
SEC. 3006. CUMBERLAND RIVER BASIN DAM RE-PAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Costs incurred in car-rying out any repair to correct a seepage problem at any dam in the Cumberland River Basin shall be— (1) treated as costs for a dam safety project; and (2) subject to cost-sharing requirements in accordance with section 1203 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 467n). (b) A
PPLICATION .—Subsection (a) shall apply only to repairs for projects for which construction has not begun and appropria-tions have not been made as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3007. INDIAN DAM SAFETY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
AM.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘dam’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467). (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘dam’’ includes any structure, facility, equipment, or vehicle used in connection with the operation of a dam. (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means, as ap-plicable— (A) the High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund established by subsection (b)(1)(A); or (B) the Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety De-ferred Maintenance Fund established by sub-section (b)(2)(A). (3) H
IGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAM .—The term ‘‘high hazard potential dam’’ means a dam assigned to the significant or high hazard po-tential classification under the guidelines published by the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency entitled ‘‘Federal Guide-lines for Dam Safety: Hazard Potential Clas-sification System for Dams’’ (FEMA Publi-cation Number 333). (4) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (5) L
OW HAZARD POTENTIAL DAM .—The term ‘‘low hazard potential dam’’ means a dam as-signed to the low hazard potential classifica-tion under the guidelines published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency en-titled ‘‘Federal Guidelines for Dam Safety: Hazard Potential Classification System for Dams’’ (FEMA Publication Number 333). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of the Army. (b) I
NDIAN DAMSAFETY DEFERRED MAINTE -
NANCE FUNDS .— (1) H
IGH-HAZARD FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund’’, consisting of— (i) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under subparagraph (B); and (ii) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under subparagraph (D). (B) D
EPOSITS TO FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall deposit in the Fund $22,750,000 from the general fund of the Treasury. (ii) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts deposited in the Fund under clause (i) shall be used, subject to appropriation, to carry out this section. (C) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .— (i) IN GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, the Secretary may, to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts, expend from the Fund, in accordance with this section, not more than the sum of— (I) $22,750,000; and (II) the amount of interest accrued in the Fund. (ii) A
DDITIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The Sec- retary may expend more than $22,750,000 for any fiscal year referred to in clause (i) if the additional amounts are available in the Fund as a result of a failure of the Secretary to ex-pend all of the amounts available under clause (i) in 1 or more prior fiscal years. (D) I
NVESTMENTS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, required to meet current with-drawals. (ii) C
REDITS TO FUND .—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a part of, the Fund. (E) T
RANSFERS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this para-graph shall be transferred at least monthly. (ii) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates are in excess of or less than the amounts re-quired to be transferred. (F) T
ERMINATION .—On September 30, 2037— (i) the Fund shall terminate; and (ii) the unexpended and unobligated bal-ance of the Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury. (2) L
OW-HAZARD FUND .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund’’, con-sisting of— (i) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under subparagraph (B); and (ii) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under subparagraph (D). (B) D
EPOSITS TO FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall deposit in the Fund $10,000,000 from the general fund of the Treasury. (ii) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts deposited in the Fund under clause (i) shall be used, subject to appropriation, to carry out this section. (C) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, the Secretary may, to the extent provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts, expend from the Fund, in accordance with this section, not more than the sum of— (I) $10,000,000; and (II) the amount of interest accrued in the Fund. (ii) A
DDITIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The Sec- retary may expend more than $10,000,000 for any fiscal year referred to in clause (i) if the additional amounts are available in the Fund as a result of a failure of the Secretary to ex-pend all of the amounts available under clause (i) in 1 or more prior fiscal years. (D) I
NVESTMENTS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, required to meet current with-drawals. (ii) C
REDITS TO FUND .—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a part of, the Fund. (E) T
RANSFERS OF AMOUNTS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this para-graph shall be transferred at least monthly. (ii) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates are in excess of or less than the amounts re-quired to be transferred. (F) T
ERMINATION .—On September 30, 2037— (i) the Fund shall terminate; and (ii) the unexpended and unobligated bal-ance of the Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury. (c) R
EPAIR , R EPLACEMENT , AND MAINTE -
NANCE OF CERTAIN INDIAN DAMS.— (1) P
ROGRAM ESTABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program to address the deferred maintenance needs of Indian dams that— (i) create flood risks or other risks to pub-lic or employee safety or natural or cultural resources; and (ii) unduly impede the management and ef-ficiency of Indian dams. (B) F
UNDING .— (i) H
IGH-HAZARD FUND .—Consistent with subsection (b)(1)(B), the Secretary shall use or transfer to the Bureau of Indian Affairs not less than $22,750,000 of amounts in the High-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund, plus accrued interest, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037 to carry out maintenance, repair, and replacement activities for 1 or more of the Indian dams described in paragraph (2)(A). (ii) L
OW-HAZARD FUND .—Consistent with subsection (b)(2)(B), the Secretary shall use or transfer to the Bureau of Indian Affairs not less than $10,000,000 of amounts in the Low-Hazard Indian Dam Safety Deferred Maintenance Fund, plus accrued interest, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037 to carry out maintenance, repair, and replacement activities for 1 or more of the Indian dams described in paragraph (2)(B). (C) C
OMPLIANCE WITH DAM SAFETY POLI -
CIES.—Maintenance, repair, and replacement activities for Indian dams under this section shall be carried out in accordance with the dam safety policies of the Director of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs established to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (2) E
LIGIBLE DAMS .— (A) H
IGH HAZARD POTENTIAL DAMS .—The dams eligible for funding under paragraph (1)(B)(i) are Indian high hazard potential dams in the United States that— (i) are included in the safety of dams pro-gram established pursuant to the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); and (ii)(I)(aa) are owned by the Federal Gov-ernment, as listed in the Federal inventory required by Executive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; relating to Federal real property asset management); and (bb) are managed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (including dams managed under con-tracts or compacts pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.)); or (II) have deferred maintenance documented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (B) L
OW HAZARD POTENTIAL DAMS .—The dams eligible for funding under paragraph (1)(B)(ii) are Indian low hazard potential dams in the United States that, on the date of enactment of this Act— (i) are covered under the Indian Dams Safe-ty Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); and (ii)(I)(aa) are owned by the Federal Gov-ernment, as listed in the Federal inventory required by Executive Order 13327 (40 U.S.C. 121 note; relating to Federal real property asset management); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5757 September 15, 2016 
(bb) are managed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (including dams managed under con-tracts or compacts pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.)); or (II) have deferred maintenance documented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS AND CONDITIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act and as a precondition to amounts being expended from the Fund to carry out this subsection, the Secretary, in consultation with representatives of affected Indian tribes, shall develop and submit to Congress— (A) programmatic goals to carry out this subsection that— (i) would enable the completion of repair-ing, replacing, improving, or performing maintenance on Indian dams as expedi-tiously as practicable, subject to the dam safety policies of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs established to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); (ii) facilitate or improve the ability of the Bureau of Indian Affairs to carry out the mission of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in op-erating an Indian dam; and (iii) ensure that the results of government- to-government consultation required under paragraph (4) be addressed; and (B) funding prioritization criteria to serve as a methodology for distributing funds under this subsection that take into ac-count— (i) the extent to which deferred mainte-nance of Indian dams poses a threat to— (I) public or employee safety or health; (II) natural or cultural resources; or (III) the ability of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs to carry out the mission of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in operating an Indian dam; (ii) the extent to which repairing, replac-ing, improving, or performing maintenance on an Indian dam will— (I) improve public or employee safety, health, or accessibility; (II) assist in compliance with codes, stand-ards, laws, or other requirements; (III) address unmet needs; or (IV) assist in protecting natural or cul-tural resources; (iii) the methodology of the rehabilitation priority index of the Secretary, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; (iv) the potential economic benefits of the expenditures on job creation and general economic development in the affected tribal communities; (v) the ability of an Indian dam to address tribal, regional, and watershed level flood prevention needs; (vi) the need to comply with the dam safe-ty policies of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs established to carry out the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); (vii) the ability of the water storage capac-ity of an Indian dam to be increased to pre-vent flooding in downstream tribal and non-tribal communities; and (viii) such other factors as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to prioritize the use of available funds that are, to the fullest extent practicable, consistent with tribal and user recommendations received pursuant to the consultation and input proc-ess under paragraph (4). (4) T
RIBAL CONSULTATION AND USER INPUT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), before expending funds on an Indian dam pursuant to paragraph (1) and not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (i) consult with the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs on the expenditure of funds; (ii) ensure that the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs advises the Indian tribe that has jurisdiction over the land on which a dam eligible to receive funding under para-graph (2) is located on the expenditure of funds; and (iii) solicit and consider the input, com-ments, and recommendations of the land-owners served by the Indian dam. (B) EMERGENCIES .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an emergency circumstance ex-ists with respect to an Indian dam, subpara-graph (A) shall not apply with respect to that Indian dam. (5) A
LLOCATION AMONG DAMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), to the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure that, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2037, each Indian dam eli-gible for funding under paragraph (2) that has critical maintenance needs receives part of the funding under paragraph (1) to address critical maintenance needs. (B) P
RIORITY .—In allocating amounts under paragraph (1)(B), in addition to consid-ering the funding priorities described in paragraph (3), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to Indian dams eligible for funding under paragraph (2) that serve— (i) more than 1 Indian tribe within an In-dian reservation; or (ii) highly populated Indian communities, as determined by the Secretary. (C) C
AP ON FUNDING .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), in allocating amounts under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall allocate not more than $10,000,000 to any individual dam described in paragraph (2) during any consecutive 3-year period. (ii) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the cap described in clause (i), if the full amount under paragraph (1)(B) cannot be fully allo-cated to eligible Indian dams because the costs of the remaining activities authorized in paragraph (1)(B) of an Indian dam would exceed the cap described in clause (i), the Secretary may allocate the remaining funds to eligible Indian dams in accordance with this subsection. (D) B
ASIS OF FUNDING .—Any amounts made available under this paragraph shall be non-reimbursable. (E) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA .—The Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) shall apply to activities carried out under this paragraph. (d) T
RIBAL SAFETY OF DAMSCOMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF COMMITTEE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the Interior shall establish within the Bureau of Indian Affairs the Tribal Safety of Dams Committee (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Committee’’). (B) M
EMBERSHIP .— (i) C
OMPOSITION .—The Committee shall be composed of 15 members, of whom— (I) 11 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among individuals who, to the maximum extent practicable, have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood prevention and mitigation, of whom not less than 1 shall be a member of an Indian tribe in each of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs regions of— (aa) the Northwest Region; (bb) the Pacific Region; (cc) the Western Region; (dd) the Navajo Region; (ee) the Southwest Region; (ff) the Rocky Mountain Region; (gg) the Great Plans Region; and (hh) the Midwest Region; (II) 2 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among employees of the Bureau of Indian Affairs who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood prevention and mitigation; (III) 1 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior from among employees of the Bureau of Reclamation who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood prevention and mitigation; and (IV) 1 shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Army from among employees of the Corps of Engineers who have knowledge and expertise in dam safety issues and flood pre-vention and mitigation. (ii) NONVOTING MEMBERS .—The members of the Committee appointed under subclauses (II) and (III) of clause (i) shall be nonvoting members. (iii) D
ATE.—The appointments of the mem-bers of the Committee shall be made as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act. (C) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the Com-mittee. (D) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-mittee shall not affect the powers of the Committee, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (E) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Committee have been appointed, the Committee shall hold the first meeting. (F) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall meet at the call of the Chairperson. (G) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. (H) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— The Committee shall select a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson from among the mem-bers. (2) D
UTIES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Committee shall conduct a thorough study of all matters relating to the modernization of the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Committee shall develop recommendations for legisla-tion to improve the Indian Dams Safety Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). (C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Committee holds the first meeting, the Committee shall submit a report containing a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Committee, together with recommendations for legisla-tion that the Committee considers appro-priate, to— (i) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (3) P
OWERS OF THE COMMITTEE .— (A) H
EARINGS .—The Committee may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Committee considers appropriate to carry out this paragraph. (B) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may se-cure directly from any Federal department or agency such information as the Com-mittee considers necessary to carry out this paragraph. (ii) R
EQUEST .—On request of the Chair-person of the Committee, the head of any Federal department or agency shall furnish information described in clause (i) to the Committee. (C) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Committee may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government. (D) G
IFTS.—The Committee may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property. (4) C
OMMITTEE PERSONNEL MATTERS .— (A) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5758 September 15, 2016 
(i) N ON-FEDERAL MEMBERS .—Each member of the Committee who is not an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Com-mittee. (ii) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .—Each member of the Committee who is an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall serve with-out compensation in addition to that re-ceived for services as an officer or employee of the Federal Government. (B) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the Committee shall be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Com-mittee. (C) S
TAFF .— (i) I
N GENERAL .— (I) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Chairperson of the Committee may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be nec-essary to enable the Committee to perform the duties of the Committee. (II) C
ONFIRMATION .—The employment of an executive director shall be subject to con-firmation by the Committee. (ii) C
OMPENSATION .—The Chairperson of the Committee may fix the compensation of the executive director and other personnel with-out regard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, re-lating to classification of positions and Gen-eral Schedule pay rates, except that the rate of pay for the executive director and other personnel may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (D) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Committee without reim-bursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (E) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND  
INTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairperson of the Committee may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for indi-viduals that do not exceed the daily equiva-lent of the annual rate of basic pay pre-scribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (5) T
ERMINATION OF THE COMMITTEE .—The Committee shall terminate 90 days after the date on which the Committee submits the re-port under paragraph (2)(C). (6) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be expended from either Fund, $1,000,000 shall be made available from either Fund during fiscal year 2017 to carry out this subsection, to remain available until expended. (e) I
NDIAN DAMSURVEYS .— (1) T
RIBAL REPORTS .—The Secretary shall request that, not less frequently than once every 180 days, each Indian tribe submit to the Secretary a report providing an inven-tory of the dams located on the land of the Indian tribe. (2) BIA 
REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the condition of each dam under the partial or total juris-diction of the Secretary. (f) F
LOOD PLAIN MANAGEMENT PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish, within the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, a flood plain management pilot pro-gram (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘program’’) to provide, at the request of an Indian tribe, guidance to the Indian tribe re-lating to best practices for the mitigation and prevention of floods, including consulta-tion with the Indian tribe on— (A) flood plain mapping; or (B) new construction planning. (2) T
ERMINATION .—The program shall ter-minate on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be expended from either Fund, $250,000 shall be made available from either Fund during each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 to carry out this subsection, to remain avail-able until expended. 
SEC. 3008. REHABILITATION OF CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS CONSTRUCTED FLOOD CON-TROL DAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the project is feasible, the Sec-retary may carry out a project for the reha-bilitation of a dam described in subsection (b). (b) E
LIGIBLE DAMS.—A dam eligible for as-sistance under this section is a dam— (1) that has been constructed, in whole or in part, by the Corps of Engineers for flood control purposes; (2) for which construction was completed before 1940; (3) that is classified as ‘‘high hazard poten-tial’’ by the State dam safety agency of the State in which the dam is located; and (4) that is operated by a non-Federal enti-ty. (c) C
OST SHARING .—Non-Federal interests shall provide 35 percent of the cost of con-struction of any project carried out under this section, including provision of all land, easements, rights-of-way, and necessary re-locations. (d) A
GREEMENTS .—Construction of a project under this section shall be initiated only after a non-Federal interest has entered into a binding agreement with the Sec-retary— (1) to pay the non-Federal share of the costs of construction under subsection (c); and (2) to pay 100 percent of any operation, maintenance, and replacement and rehabili-tation costs with respect to the project in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary. (e) C
OSTLIMITATION .—The Secretary shall not expend more than $10,000,000 for a project at any single dam under this section. (f) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. TITLE IV—RIVER BASINS, WATERSHEDS, AND COASTAL AREAS 
SEC. 4001. GULF COAST OYSTER BED RECOVERY PLAN. 
(a) D EFINITION OF GULF STATES .—In this section, the term ‘‘Gulf States’’ means each of the States of Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas. (b) G
ULF COAST OYSTER BEDRECOVERY  P
LAN.—The Secretary, in coordination with the Gulf States, shall develop and implement a plan to assist in the recovery of oyster beds on the coast of Gulf States that were damaged by events including— (1) Hurricane Katrina in 2005; (2) the Deep Water Horizon oil spill in 2010; and (3) floods in 2011 and 2016. (c) I
NCLUSION .—The plan developed under subsection (b) shall address the beneficial use of dredged material in providing sub-strate for oyster bed development. (d) SUBMISSION .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee of Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives the plan developed under subsection (b). (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $2,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 4002. COLUMBIA RIVER, PLATTE RIVER, AND ARKANSAS RIVER. 
(a) E COSYSTEM RESTORATION .—Section 536(g) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2662; 128 Stat. 1314) is amended by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$75,000,000’’. (b) W
ATERCRAFT INSPECTION STATIONS .— Section 104 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (33 U.S.C. 610) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary, but not more than $65,000,000, to carry out this section for each fiscal year, of which— ‘‘(A) $20,000,000 shall be made available to carry out subsection (d)(1)(A)(i); and ‘‘(B) $25,000,000 shall be made available to carry out clauses (ii) and (iii) of subsection (d)(1)(A). ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION .—Any funds made avail-able under paragraph (1) that are employed for control operations shall be allocated by the Chief of Engineers on a priority basis, based on— ‘‘(A) the urgency and need of each area; and ‘‘(B) the availability of local funds.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT , OPERATION , AND MAIN -
TENANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary may establish, operate, and maintain watercraft inspection stations to protect— ‘‘(i) the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ii) the Platte River Basin located in the States of Colorado, Nebraska, and Wyoming; and ‘‘(iii) the Arkansas River Basin located in the States of Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas. ‘‘(B) L
OCATION .—The watercraft inspection stations under subparagraph (A) shall be lo-cated in areas, as determined by the Sec-retary, with the highest likelihood of pre-venting the spread of aquatic invasive spe-cies at reservoirs operated and maintained by the Secretary.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) the Governor of each State in which a station is established under paragraph (1);’’. (c) T
RIBAL HOUSING .— (1) D
EFINITION OF REPORT .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘report’’ means the final report for the Portland District, Corps of En-gineers, entitled ‘‘Columbia River Treaty Fishing Access Sites, Oregon and Wash-ington: Fact-finding Review on Tribal Hous-ing’’ and dated November 19, 2013. (2) A
SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—As replace-ment housing for Indian families displaced due to the construction of the Bonneville Dam, on the request of the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary may provide assist-ance on land transferred by the Department of the Army to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to title IV of Public Law 100– 581 (102 Stat. 2944; 110 Stat. 766; 110 Stat. 3762; 114 Stat. 2679; 118 Stat. 544) for the number of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5759 September 15, 2016 
families estimated in the report as having received no relocation assistance. (3) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall— (A) conduct a study to determine the num-ber of Indian people displaced by the con-struction of the John Day Dam; and (B) identify a plan for suitable housing to replace housing lost to the construction of the John Day Dam. (d) C
OLUMBIA AND LOWER WILLAMETTE RIV-
ERSBELOW VANCOUVER , WASHINGTON AND OR-
EGON .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for navigation, Columbia and Lower Willamette Rivers below Vancouver, Wash-ington and Portland, Oregon, authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1177) to ad-dress safety risks. 
SEC. 4003. MISSOURI RIVER. 
(a) R ESERVOIR SEDIMENT MANAGEMENT .— (1) D
EFINITION OF SEDIMENT MANAGEMENT  
PLAN .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘sedi-ment management plan’’ means a plan for preventing sediment from reducing water storage capacity at a reservoir and increas-ing water storage capacity through sediment removal at a reservoir. (2) U
PPER MISSOURI RIVER BASIN PILOT PRO -
GRAM .—The Secretary shall carry out a pilot program for the development and implemen-tation of sediment management plans for reservoirs owned and operated by the Sec-retary in the Upper Missouri River Basin, on request by project beneficiaries. (3) P
LAN ELEMENTS .—A sediment manage-ment plan under paragraph (2) shall— (A) provide opportunities for project bene-ficiaries and other stakeholders to partici-pate in sediment management decisions; (B) evaluate the volume of sediment in a reservoir and impacts on storage capacity; (C) identify preliminary sediment manage-ment options, including sediment dikes and dredging; (D) identify constraints; (E) assess technical feasibility, economic justification, and environmental impacts; (F) identify beneficial uses for sediment; and (G) to the maximum extent practicable, use, develop, and demonstrate innovative, cost-saving technologies, including struc-tural and nonstructural technologies and de-signs, to manage sediment. (4) C
OST SHARE .—The beneficiaries request-ing the plan shall share in the cost of devel-opment and implementation of a sediment management plan allocated in accordance with the benefits to be received. (5) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept funds from non-Federal interests and other Federal agencies to develop and implement a sediment management plan under this subsection. (6) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall use the knowledge gained through the development and implementation of sediment manage-ment plans under paragraph (2) to develop guidance for sediment management at other reservoirs. (7) P
ARTNERSHIP WITH SECRETARY OF THE IN -
TERIOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program established under this subsection in partnership with the Secretary of the Interior, and the program may apply to reservoirs managed or owned by the Bu-reau of Reclamation on execution of a memorandum of agreement between the Sec-retary and the Secretary of the Interior es-tablishing the framework for a partnership and the terms and conditions for sharing ex-pertise and resources. (B) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Secretary that has primary jurisdiction over the reservoir shall take the lead in developing and imple-menting a sediment management plan for that reservoir. (8) OTHER AUTHORITIES NOT AFFECTED .— Nothing in this subsection affects sediment management or the share of costs paid by Federal and non-Federal interests relating to sediment management under any other pro-vision of law (including regulations). (b) S
NOWPACK AND DROUGHT MONITORING .— Section 4003(a) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1311) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Corps of Engineers shall be the lead agency for carrying out and coordinating the activities described in para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 4004. PUGET SOUND NEARSHORE ECO-SYSTEM RESTORATION. 
Section 544(f) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2675) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’. 
SEC. 4005. ICE JAM PREVENTION AND MITIGA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out projects under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s), including planning, design, construction, and moni-toring of structural and nonstructural tech-nologies and measures for preventing and mitigating flood damages associated with ice jams. (b) I
NCLUSION .—The projects described in subsection (a) may include the development and demonstration of cost-effective tech-nologies and designs developed in consulta-tion with— (1) the Cold Regions Research and Engi-neering Laboratory of the Corps of Engi-neers; (2) universities; (3) Federal, State, and local agencies; and (4) private organizations. (c) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION .—In addition to the funding authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s), the Secretary is authorized to expend $30,000,000 to carry out pilot projects to demonstrate technologies and designs developed in ac-cordance with this section. (2) P
RIORITY .—In carrying out pilot projects under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to projects in the Upper Missouri River Basin. (3) S
UNSET .—The pilot program under this subsection shall terminate on December 31, 2026. 
SEC. 4006. CHESAPEAKE BAY OYSTER RESTORA-TION. 
Section 704(b)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2263(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$60,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$100,000,000’’. 
SEC. 4007. NORTH ATLANTIC COASTAL REGION. 
Section 4009 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1316) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects’’ and inserting ‘‘develop a comprehensive assessment and management plan at Federal expense’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking the sub-section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In carrying out the study’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENT AND MANAGEMENT PLAN.— In developing the comprehensive assessment and management plan’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘identi-fied in the study pursuant to subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘identified in the comprehen-sive assessment and management plan under this section’’. SEC. 4008. RIO GRANDE. 
Section 5056(f) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1214; 128 Stat. 1315) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 4009. TEXAS COASTAL AREA. 
In carrying out the Coastal Texas eco-system protection and restoration study au-thorized by section 4091 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1187), the Secretary shall consider studies, data, or information devel-oped by the Gulf Coast Community Protec-tion and Recovery District to expedite com-pletion of the study. 
SEC. 4010. UPPER MISSISSIPPI AND ILLINOIS RIV-ERS FLOOD RISK MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study at Federal expense to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects to ad-dress systemic flood damage reduction in the upper Mississippi and Illinois River basins. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of the study under subsection (a) are— (1) to develop an integrated, comprehen-sive, and systems-based approach to mini-mize the threat to health and safety result-ing from flooding by using structural and nonstructural flood risk management meas-ures; (2) to reduce damages and costs associated with flooding; (3) to identify opportunities to support en-vironmental sustainability and restoration goals of the Upper Mississippi River and Illi-nois River floodplain as part of any systemic flood risk management plan; and (4) to seek opportunities to address, in con-cert with flood risk management measures, other floodplain specific problems, needs, and opportunities. (c) S
TUDY COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) as appropriate, coordinate with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, the Governors of the States within the Upper Mississippi and Illinois River basins, the ap-propriate levee and drainage districts, non-profit organizations, and other interested parties; (2) recommend projects for reconstruction of existing levee systems so as to develop and maintain a comprehensive system for flood risk reduction and floodplain manage-ment; (3) perform a systemic analysis of critical transportation systems to determine the fea-sibility of protecting river approaches for land-based systems, highways, and railroads; (4) develop a basin-wide hydrologic model for the Upper Mississippi River System and update as changes occur and new data is available; and (5) use, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, any existing plans and data. (d) B
ASIS FOR RECOMMENDATIONS .—In rec- ommending a project under subsection (c)(2), the Secretary may justify the project based on system-wide benefits. 
SEC. 4011. SALTON SEA, CALIFORNIA. 
Section 3032 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1113) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
PROGRAM ’’ after ‘‘ RESTORATION ’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ILOT PROJECTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; (ii) by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as redesignated) the following: ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall carry out a program to implement projects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5760 September 15, 2016 
to restore the Salton Sea in accordance with this section.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (B) (as redesignated by clause (i)), by striking ‘‘the pilot’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C) (as redesignated by clause (i))— (I) in clause (i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘the pilot projects referred to in subparagraph (A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the projects referred to in subparagraph (B)’’; (II) in subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘, Salton Sea Authority, or other non-Federal inter-est’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (III) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘pilot’’; (C) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pilot’’; and (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘pilot’’ each place it ap-pears; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, Salton Sea Authority, or other non-Federal interest’’ after ‘‘State’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘pilot’’. 
SEC. 4012. ADJUSTMENT. 
Section 219(f)(25) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 113 Stat. 336) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘Berkeley’’ before ‘‘Cal-houn’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Orangeberg, and Sumter’’ and inserting ‘‘and Orangeberg’’. 
SEC. 4013. COASTAL RESILIENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4014(b) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2803a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Indian tribes,’’ after ‘‘nonprofit organizations,’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) give priority to projects in commu-nities the existence of which is threatened by rising sea level, including projects relat-ing to shoreline restoration, tidal marsh res-toration, dunal habitats to protect coastal infrastructure, reduction of future and exist-ing emergency repair costs, and projects that use dredged materials;’’. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION ON COASTAL  R
ESILIENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-vene an interagency working group on resil-ience to extreme weather, which will coordi-nate research, data, and Federal investments related to sea level rise, resiliency, and vul-nerability to extreme weather, including coastal resilience. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The interagency work-ing group convened under paragraph (1) shall— (A) participate in any activity carried out by an organization authorized by a State to study and issue recommendations on how to address the impacts on Federal assets of re-current flooding and sea level rise, including providing consultation regarding policies, programs, studies, plans, and best practices relating to recurrent flooding and sea level rise in areas with significant Federal assets; and (B) share physical, biological, and socio-economic data among such State organiza-tions, as appropriate. 
SEC. 4014. REGIONAL INTERGOVERNMENTAL COLLABORATION ON COASTAL RE-SILIENCE. 
(a) R EGIONAL ASSESSMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-duct regional assessments of coastal and back bay protection and of Federal and State policies and programs related to coastal water resources, including— (A) an assessment of the probability and the extent of coastal flooding and erosion, including back bay and estuarine flooding; (B) recommendations for policies and other measures related to regional Federal, State, local, and private participation in shoreline and back-bay protection projects; (C) an evaluation of the performance of ex-isting Federal coastal storm damage reduc-tion, ecosystem restoration, and navigation projects, including recommendations for the improvement of those projects; (D) an assessment of the value and impacts of implementation of regional, systems- based, watershed-based, and interstate ap-proaches if practicable; (E) recommendations for the demonstra-tion of methodologies for resilience through the use of natural and nature-based infra-structure approaches, as appropriate; and (F) recommendations regarding alternative sources of funding for new and existing projects. (2) COOPERATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary shall cooperate with— (A) heads of appropriate Federal agencies; (B) States that have approved coastal man-agement programs and appropriate agencies of those States; (C) local governments; and (D) the private sector. (b) S
TREAMLINING .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall— (1) to the maximum extent practicable, use existing research done by Federal, State, re-gional, local, and private entities to elimi-nate redundancies and related costs; (2) receive from any of the entities de-scribed in subsection (a)(2)— (A) contributed funds; or (B) research that may be eligible for credit as work-in-kind under applicable Federal law; and (3) enable each District or combination of Districts of the Corps of Engineers that jointly participate in carrying out an assess-ment under this section to consider region-ally appropriate engineering, biological, eco-logical, social, economic, and other factors in carrying out the assessment. (c) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives all reports and rec-ommendations prepared under this section, together with any necessary supporting doc-umentation. 
SEC. 4015. SOUTH ATLANTIC COASTAL STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study of the coastal areas located within the geographical boundaries of the South Atlantic Division of the Corps of Engi-neers to identify the risks and vulnerabilities of those areas to increased hurricane and storm damage as a result of sea level rise. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive analysis of current hurricane and storm damage reduc-tion measures with an emphasis on regional sediment management practices to sustainably maintain or enhance current lev-els of storm protection; (2) identify risks and coastal vulnerabilities in the areas affected by sea level rise; (3) recommend measures to address the vulnerabilities described in paragraph (2); and (4) develop a long-term strategy for— (A) addressing increased hurricane and storm damages that result from rising sea levels; and (B) identifying opportunities to enhance resiliency, increase sustainability, and lower risks in— (i) populated areas; (ii) areas of concentrated economic devel-opment; and (iii) areas with vulnerable environmental resources. (c) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate, as appropriate, with the heads of other Federal departments and agencies, the Governors of the affected States, regional governmental agencies, and units of local government to address coastal impacts re-sulting from sea level rise. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report recommending specific and de-tailed actions to address risks and vulnerabilities of the areas described in sub-section (a) to increased hurricane and storm damage as a result of sea level rise. 
SEC. 4016. KANAWHA RIVER BASIN. 
The Secretary shall conduct studies to de-termine the feasibility of implementing projects for flood risk management, eco-system restoration, navigation, water sup-ply, recreation, and other water resource re-lated purposes within the Kanawha River Basin, West Virginia, Virginia, and North Carolina. 
SEC. 4017. CONSIDERATION OF FULL ARRAY OF MEASURES FOR COASTAL RISK RE-DUCTION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) N
ATURAL FEATURE .—The term ‘‘natural feature’’ means a feature that is created through the action of physical, geological, biological, and chemical processes over time. (2) N
ATURE -BASED FEATURE .—The term ‘‘na-ture-based feature’’ means a feature that is created by human design, engineering, and construction to protect, and in concert with, natural processes to provide risk reduction in coastal areas. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In developing projects for coastal risk reduction, the Secretary shall consider, as appropriate— (1) natural features; (2) nature-based features; (3) nonstructural measures; and (4) structural measures. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the implementa-tion of subsection (b). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: (A) A description of guidance or instruc-tions issued, and other measures taken, by the Secretary and the Chief of Engineers to implement subsection (b). (B) An assessment of the costs, benefits, impacts, and trade-offs associated with measures recommended by the Secretary for coastal risk reduction and the effectiveness of those measures. (C) A description of any statutory, fiscal, or regulatory barriers to the appropriate consideration and use of a full array of meas-ures for coastal risk reduction. 
SEC. 4018. WATERFRONT COMMUNITY REVITAL-IZATION AND RESILIENCY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) many communities in the United States were developed along waterfronts; (2) water proximity and access is a recog-nized economic driver; (3) water shortages faced by parts of the United States underscore the need to man-age water sustainably and restore water quality; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5761 September 15, 2016 
(4) interest in waterfront revitalization and development has grown, while the cir-cumstances driving waterfront development have changed; (5) waterfront communities face challenges to revitalizing and leveraging water re-sources, such as outdated development pat-terns, deteriorated water infrastructure, in-dustrial contamination of soil and sediment, and lack of public access to the waterfront, which are often compounded by overarching economic distress in the community; (6) public investment in waterfront com-munity development and infrastructure should reflect changing ecosystem condi-tions and extreme weather projections to en-sure strategic, resilient investments; (7) individual communities have unique priorities, concerns, and opportunities re-lated to waterfront restoration and commu-nity revitalization; and (8) the Secretary of Commerce has unique expertise in Great Lakes and ocean coastal resiliency and economic development. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (2) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITY .— The term ‘‘resilient waterfront community’’ means a unit of local government or Indian tribe that is— (A)(i) bound in part by— (I) a Great Lake; or (II) an ocean; or (ii) bordered or traversed by a riverfront or an inland lake; (B) self-nominated as a resilient water-front community; and (C) designated by the Secretary as a resil-ient waterfront community on the basis of the development by the community of an eli-gible resilient waterfront community plan, with eligibility determined by the Secretary after considering the requirements of para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (c). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (c) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITIES  D
ESIGNATION .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall designate resilient waterfront communities based on the extent to which a community meets the criteria de-scribed in paragraph (2). (B) C
OLLABORATION .—For inland lake and riverfront communities, in making the des-ignation described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall work with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the heads of other Federal agencies, as the Secretary determines to be necessary. (2) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITY  
PLAN .—A resilient waterfront community plan is a community-driven vision and plan that is developed— (A) voluntarily at the discretion of the community— (i) to respond to local needs; or (ii) to take advantage of new water-ori-ented opportunities; (B) with the leadership of the relevant gov-ernmental entity or Indian tribe with the ac-tive participation of— (i) community residents; (ii) utilities; and (iii) interested business and nongovern-mental stakeholders; (C) as a new document or by amending or compiling community planning documents, as necessary, at the discretion of the Sec-retary; (D) in consideration of all applicable Fed-eral and State coastal zone management planning requirements; (E) to address economic competitive strengths; and (F) to complement and incorporate the ob-jectives and recommendations of applicable regional economic plans. (3) COMPONENTS OF A RESILIENT WATER -
FRONT COMMUNITY PLAN .—A resilient water-front community plan shall— (A) consider all, or a portion of, the water-front area and adjacent land and water to which the waterfront is connected eco-logically, economically, or through local governmental or tribal boundaries; (B) describe a vision and plan for the com-munity to develop as a vital and resilient waterfront community, integrating consider-ation of— (i) the economic opportunities resulting from water proximity and access, including— (I) water-dependent industries; (II) water-oriented commerce; and (III) recreation and tourism; (ii) the community relationship to the water, including— (I) quality of life; (II) public health; (III) community heritage; and (IV) public access, particularly in areas in which publicly funded ecosystem restoration is underway; (iii) ecosystem challenges and projections, including unresolved and emerging impacts to the health and safety of the waterfront and projections for extreme weather and water conditions; (iv) infrastructure needs and opportunities, to facilitate strategic and sustainable cap-ital investments in— (I) docks, piers, and harbor facilities; (II) protection against storm surges, waves, and flooding; (III) stormwater, sanitary sewer, and drinking water systems, including green in-frastructure and opportunities to control nonpoint source runoff; and (IV) other community facilities and pri-vate development; and (v) such other factors as are determined by the Secretary to align with metrics or indi-cators for resiliency, considering environ-mental and economic changes. (4) D
URATION .—After the designation of a community as a resilient waterfront commu-nity under paragraph (1), a resilient water-front community plan developed in accord-ance with paragraphs (2) and (3) may be— (A) effective for the 10-year period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary ap-proves the resilient waterfront community plan; and (B) updated by the resilient waterfront community and submitted to the Secretary for the approval of the Secretary before the expiration of the 10-year period. (d) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITIES  N
ETWORK .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop and maintain a resilient waterfront communities network to facilitate the shar-ing of best practices among waterfront com-munities. (2) P
UBLIC RECOGNITION .—In consultation with designated resilient waterfront commu-nities, the Secretary shall provide formal public recognition of the designated resilient waterfront communities to promote tourism, investment, or other benefits. (e) W
ATERFRONT COMMUNITY REVITALIZA -
TION ACTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To support a community in leveraging other sources of public and pri-vate investment, the Secretary may use ex-isting authority to support— (A) the development of a resilient water-front community plan, including planning and feasibility analysis; and (B) the implementation of strategic com-ponents of a resilient waterfront community plan after the resilient waterfront commu-nity plan has been approved by the Sec-retary. (2) NON-FEDERAL PARTNERS .— (A) L
EAD NON -FEDERAL PARTNERS .—A unit of local government or an Indian tribe shall be eligible to be considered as a lead non- Federal partner if the unit of local govern-ment or Indian tribe is— (i) bound in part by— (I) a Great Lake; or (II) an ocean; or (ii) bordered or traversed by a riverfront or an inland lake. (B) N
ON-FEDERAL IMPLEMENTATION PART -
NERS .—Subject to paragraph (4)(C), a lead non-Federal partner may contract with an eligible non-Federal implementation partner for implementation activities described in paragraph (4)(B). (3) P
LANNING ACTIVITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Technical assistance may be provided for the development of a resil-ient waterfront community plan. (B) E
LIGIBLE PLANNING ACTIVITIES .—In de- veloping a resilient waterfront community plan, a resilient waterfront community may— (i) conduct community visioning and out-reach; (ii) identify challenges and opportunities; (iii) develop strategies and solutions; (iv) prepare plan materials, including text, maps, design, and preliminary engineering; (v) collaborate across local agencies and work with regional, State, and Federal agen-cies to identify, understand, and develop re-sponses to changing ecosystem and economic circumstances; and (vi) conduct other planning activities that the Secretary considers necessary for the de-velopment of a resilient waterfront commu-nity plan that responds to revitalization and resiliency issues confronted by the resilient waterfront community. (4) I
MPLEMENTATION ACTIVITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Implementation assist-ance may be provided— (i) to initiate implementation of a resilient waterfront community plan and facilitate high-quality development, including leveraging local and private sector invest-ment; and (ii) to address strategic community prior-ities that are identified in the resilient wa-terfront community plan. (B) A
SSISTANCE .—Assistance may be pro-vided to advance implementation activities, such as— (i) site preparation; (ii) environmental review; (iii) engineering and design; (iv) acquiring easements or land for uses such as green infrastructure, public amen-ities, or assembling development sites; (v) updates to zoning codes; (vi) construction of— (I) public waterfront or boating amenities; and (II) public spaces; (vii) infrastructure upgrades to improve coastal resiliency; (viii) economic and community develop-ment marketing and outreach; and (ix) other activities at the discretion of the Secretary. (C) I
MPLEMENTATION PARTNERS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—To assist in the comple-tion of implementation activities, a lead non-Federal partner may contract or other-wise collaborate with a non-Federal imple-mentation partner, including— (I) a nonprofit organization; (II) a public utility; (III) a private entity; (IV) an institution of higher education; (V) a State government; or (VI) a regional organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5762 September 15, 2016 
(ii) L EAD NON -FEDERAL PARTNER RESPONSI -
BILITY .—The lead non-Federal partner shall ensure that assistance and resources re-ceived by the lead non-Federal partner to ad-vance the resilient waterfront community plan of the lead non-Federal partner and for related activities are used for the purposes of, and in a manner consistent with, any ini-tiative advanced by the Secretary for the purpose of promoting waterfront community revitalization and resiliency. (5) U
SE OF NON -FEDERAL RESOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A resilient waterfront community receiving assistance under this subsection shall provide non-Federal funds toward completion of planning or implemen-tation activities. (B) N
ON-FEDERAL RESOURCES .—Non-Federal funds may be provided by— (i) 1 or more units of local or tribal govern-ment; (ii) a State government; (iii) a nonprofit organization; (iv) a private entity; (v) a foundation; (vi) a public utility; or (vii) a regional organization. (f) I
NTERAGENCY AWARENESS .—At regular intervals, the Secretary shall provide a list of resilient waterfront communities to the applicable States and the heads of national and regional offices of interested Federal agencies, including at a minimum— (1) the Secretary of Transportation; (2) the Secretary of Agriculture; (3) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency; (4) the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency; (5) the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works; (6) the Secretary of the Interior; and (7) the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment. (g) N
ONEWREGULATORY AUTHORITY .— Nothing in this section may be construed as establishing new authority for any Federal agency. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. (i) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary to carry out this section $800,000, to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 4019. TABLE ROCK LAKE, ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary— (1) shall include a 60-day public comment period for the Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan revision; and (2) shall finalize the revision for the Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan during the 2-year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act. (b) S
HORELINE USEPERMITS .—During the period described in subsection (a)(2), the Sec-retary shall lift or suspend the moratorium on the issuance of new, and modifications to existing, shoreline use permits based on the existing Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Management Plan. (c) O
VERSIGHT COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish an oversight com-mittee (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Committee’’). (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Com-mittee shall be— (A) to review any permit to be issued under the existing Table Rock Lake Master Plan at the recommendation of the District Engi-neer; and (B) to advise the District Engineer on revi-sions to the new Table Rock Lake Master Plan and Table Rock Lake Shoreline Man-agement Plan. (3) MEMBERSHIP .—Membership in the Com-mittee shall not exceed 6 members and shall include— (A) not more than 1 representative each from the State of Missouri and the State of Arkansas; (B) not more than 1 representative each from local economic development organiza-tions with jurisdiction over Table Rock Lake; and (C) not more than 1 representative each representing the boating and conservation interests of Table Rock Lake. (4) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall— (A) carry out a study on the need to revise permit fees relating to Table Rock Lake to better reflect the cost of issuing those fees and achieve cost savings; (B) submit to Congress a report on the re-sults of the study described in subparagraph (A); and (C) begin implementation of the new per-mit fee structure based on the findings of the study described in subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 4020. PEARL RIVER BASIN, MISSISSIPPI. 
The Secretary shall expedite review and decision on the recommendation for the project for flood damage reduction author-ized by section 401(e)(3) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (100 Stat. 4132), as amended by section 3104 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1134), submitted to the Secretary under section 211 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Reform and De-velopment Act of 2014). TITLE V—DEAUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 5001. DEAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) V ALDEZ , ALASKA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the portions of the project for navigation, Valdez, Alaska, identified as Tract G, Harbor Subdivision, shall not be subject to naviga-tion servitude beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act. (2) E
NTRY BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—The Federal Government may enter on the prop-erty referred to in paragraph (1) to carry out any required operation and maintenance of the general navigation features of the project described in paragraph (1). (b) R
EDRIVER BELOW DENISON DAM, ARKAN -
SAS, LOUISIANA , AND TEXAS .—The portion of the project for flood protection on Red River Below Denison Dam, Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas, authorized by section 10 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (60 Stat. 647, chap-ter 596), consisting of the portion of the West Agurs Levee that begins at lat. 32 °32’50.86’’ N., by long. 93°46’16.82’’ W., and ends at lat. 32° 31’22.79’’ N., by long. 93° 45’ 2.47’’ W., is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (c) S
UTTER BASIN, CALIFORNIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The separable element constituting the locally preferred plan incre-ment reflected in the report of the Chief of Engineers dated March 12, 2014, and author-ized for construction under section 7002(2)(8) of the Water Resources Reform and Develop-ment Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366) is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—The deauthoriza-tion under paragraph (1) does not affect— (A) the national economic development plan separable element reflected in the re-port of the Chief of Engineers dated March 12, 2014, and authorized for construction under section 7002(2)(8) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1366); or (B) previous authorizations providing for the Sacramento River and major and minor tributaries project, including— (i) section 2 of the Act of March 1, 1917 (39 Stat. 949; chapter 144); (ii) section 12 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 900; chapter 665); (iii) section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 177; chapter 188); and (iv) any other Acts relating to the author-ization for the Sacramento River and major and minor tributaries project along the Feather River right bank between levee sta-tioning 1483+33 and levee stationing 2368+00. (d) STONINGTON HARBOR , CONNECTICUT .— The portion of the project for navigation, Stonington Harbor, Connecticut, authorized by the Act of May 23, 1828 (4 Stat. 288; chap-ter 73) that consists of the inner stone break-water that begins at coordinates N. 682,146.42, E. 1231,378.69, running north 83.587 degrees west 166.79’ to a point N. 682,165.05, E. 1,231,212.94, running north 69.209 degrees west 380.89’ to a point N. 682,300.25, E. 1,230,856.86, is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (e) G
REEN RIVER AND BARREN RIVER, KEN-
TUCKY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, commercial naviga-tion at the locks and dams identified in the report of the Chief of Engineers entitled ‘‘Green River Locks and Dams 3, 4, 5, and 6 and Barren River Lock and Dam 1, Ken-tucky’’ and dated April 30, 2015, shall no longer be authorized, and the land and im-provements associated with the locks and dams shall be— (A) disposed of consistent with paragraph (2); and (B) subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appropriate in the public interest. (2) D
ISPOSITION .— (A) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 3 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to the Rochester Dam Regional Water Commission all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Green River Lock and Dam 3, located in Ohio County and Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, together with any improvements on the land. (B) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 4 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to Butler County, Ken-tucky, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Green River Lock and Dam 4, located in Butler County, Ken-tucky, together with any improvements on the land. (C) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 5 .—The Sec- retary shall convey to the State of Ken-tucky, a political subdivision of the State of Kentucky, or a nonprofit, nongovernmental organization all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Green River Lock and Dam 5 for the express purposes of— (i) removing the structure from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (ii) making the land available for conserva-tion and public recreation, including river access. (D) G
REEN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 6 .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall trans-fer to the Secretary of the Interior adminis-trative jurisdiction over the portion of Green River Lock and Dam 6, Edmonson County, Kentucky, that is located on the left de-scending bank of the Green River, together with any improvements on the land, for in-clusion in Mammoth Cave National Park. (ii) T
RANSFER TO THE STATE OF KENTUCKY .— The Secretary shall transfer to the State of Kentucky all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the portion of Green 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5763 September 15, 2016 
River Lock and Dam 6, Edmonson County, Kentucky, that is located on the right de-scending bank of the Green River, together with any improvements on the land, for use by the Department of Fish and Wildlife Re-sources of the State of Kentucky for the pur-poses of— (I) removing the structure from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (II) making the land available for con-servation and public recreation, including river access. (E) B
ARREN RIVER LOCK AND DAM 1 .—The Secretary shall convey to the State of Ken-tucky, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Barren River Lock and Dam 1, located in Warren County, Ken-tucky, together with any improvements on the land, for use by the Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources of the State of Ken-tucky for the purposes of— (i) removing the structure from the river at the earliest feasible time; and (ii) making the land available for conserva-tion and public recreation, including river access. (3) C
ONDITIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The exact acreage and legal description of any land to be disposed of, transferred, or conveyed under this sub-section shall be determined by a survey sat-isfactory to the Secretary. (B) Q
UITCLAIM DEED .—A conveyance under subparagraph (A), (B), (D), or (E) of para-graph (2) shall be accomplished by quitclaim deed and without consideration. (C) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary shall be responsible for all administrative costs associated with a transfer or convey-ance under this subsection, including the costs of a survey carried out under subpara-graph (A). (D) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the land transferred or conveyed under this subsection is not used by a non- Federal entity for a purpose that is con-sistent with the purpose of the transfer or conveyance, all right, title, and interest in and to the land, including any improvements on the land, shall revert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States, and the United States shall have the right of imme-diate entry onto the land. (f) E
SSEX RIVER, MASSACHUSETTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The portions of the project for navigation, Essex River, Massa-chusetts, authorized by the first section of the Act of July 13, 1892 (27 Stat. 96, chapter 158), and modified by the first section of the Act of March 3, 1899 (30 Stat. 1133, chapter 425), and the first section of the Act of March 2, 1907 (34 Stat. 1075, chapter 2509), that do not lie within the areas described in para-graph (2) are no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) A
REAS DESCRIBED .—The areas described in this paragraph are— (A) beginning at a point N. 3056139.82, E. 851780.21; (B) running southwesterly about 156.88 feet to a point N. 3055997.75, E. 851713.67; (C) running southwesterly about 64.59 feet to a point N. 3055959.37, E. 851661.72; (D) running southwesterly about 145.14 feet to a point N. 3055887.10, E. 851535.85; (E) running southwesterly about 204.91 feet to a point N. 3055855.12, E. 851333.45; (F) running northwesterly about 423.50 feet to a point N. 3055976.70, E. 850927.78; (G) running northwesterly about 58.77 feet to a point N. 3056002.99, E. 850875.21; (H) running northwesterly about 240.57 feet to a point N. 3056232.82, E. 850804.14; (I) running northwesterly about 203.60 feet to a point N. 3056435.41, E. 850783.93; (J) running northwesterly about 78.63 feet to a point N. 3056499.63, E. 850738.56; (K) running northwesterly about 60.00 feet to a point N. 3056526.30, E. 850684.81; (L) running southwesterly about 85.56 feet to a point N. 3056523.33, E. 850599.31; (M) running southwesterly about 36.20 feet to a point N. 3056512.37, E. 850564.81; (N) running southwesterly about 80.10 feet to a point N. 3056467.08, E. 850498.74; (O) running southwesterly about 169.05 feet to a point N. 3056334.36, E. 850394.03; (P) running northwesterly about 48.52 feet to a point N. 3056354.38, E. 850349.83; (Q) running northeasterly about 83.71 feet to a point N. 3056436.35, E. 850366.84; (R) running northeasterly about 212.38 feet to a point N. 3056548.70, E. 850547.07; (S) running northeasterly about 47.60 feet to a point N. 3056563.12, E. 850592.43; (T) running northeasterly about 101.16 feet to a point N. 3056566.62, E. 850693.53; (U) running southeasterly about 80.22 feet to a point N. 3056530.97, E. 850765.40; (V) running southeasterly about 99.29 feet to a point N. 3056449.88, E. 850822.69; (W) running southeasterly about 210.12 feet to a point N. 3056240.79, E. 850843.54; (X) running southeasterly about 219.46 feet to a point N. 3056031.13, E. 850908.38; (Y) running southeasterly about 38.23 feet to a point N. 3056014.02, E. 850942.57; (Z) running southeasterly about 410.93 feet to a point N. 3055896.06, E. 851336.21; (AA) running northeasterly about 188.43 feet to a point N. 3055925.46, E. 851522.33; (BB) running northeasterly about 135.47 feet to a point N. 3055992.91, E. 851639.80; (CC) running northeasterly about 52.15 feet to a point N. 3056023.90, E. 851681.75; and (DD) running northeasterly about 91.57 feet to a point N. 3056106.82, E. 851720.59. (g) HANNIBAL SMALL BOAT HARBOR , HAN-
NIBAL , MISSOURI .—The project for navigation at Hannibal Small Boat Harbor on the Mis-sissippi River, Hannibal, Missouri, author-ized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–516; 64 Stat. 166, chapter 188), is no longer authorized begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, and any maintenance requirements associ-ated with the project are terminated. (h) P
ORT OF CASCADE LOCKS, OREGON .— (1) T
ERMINATION OF PORTIONS OF EXISTING  
FLOWAGE EASEMENT .— (A) D
EFINITION OF FLOWAGE EASEMENT .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘flowage ease-ment’’ means the flowage easements identi-fied as tracts 302E–1 and 304E–1 on the ease-ment deeds recorded as instruments in Hood River County, Oregon, as follows: (i) A flowage easement dated October 3, 1936, recorded December 1, 1936, book 25 at page 531 (records of Hood River County, Or-egon), in favor of United States (302E–1–Per-petual Flowage Easement from October 5, 1937, October 5, 1936, and October 3, 1936) (pre-viously acquired as tracts OH–36 and OH–41 and a portion of tract OH–47). (ii) A flowage easement recorded October 17, 1936, book 25 at page 476 (records of Hood River County, Oregon), in favor of the United States, that affects that portion below the 94-foot contour line above main sea level (304 E–1–Perpetual Flowage Easement from Au-gust 10, 1937 and October 3, 1936) (previously acquired as tract OH–42 and a portion of tract OH–47). (B) T
ERMINATION .—With respect to the properties described in paragraph (2), begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the flowage easements are terminated above elevation 82.4 feet (NGVD29), the ordinary high water mark. (2) A
FFECTED PROPERTIES .—The properties described in this paragraph, as recorded in Hood River, County, Oregon, are as follows: (A) Lots 3, 4, 5, and 7 of the ‘‘Port of Cas-cade Locks Business Park’’ subdivision, in-strument #2014–00436. (B) Parcels 1, 2, and 3 of Hood River County Partition plat No. 2008–25P. (3) FEDERAL LIABILITIES ; CULTURAL , ENVI-
RONMENTAL , OTHER REGULATORY REVIEWS .— (A) F
EDERAL LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for any injury caused by the termination of the easement under this subsection. (B) C
ULTURAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL REGU -
LATORY ACTIONS .—Nothing in this subsection establishes any cultural or environmental regulation relating to the properties de-scribed in paragraph (2). (4) E
FFECT ON OTHER RIGHTS .—Nothing in this subsection affects any remaining right or interest of the Corps of Engineers in the properties described in paragraph (2). (i) D
ECLARATIONS OF NON-NAVIGABILITY FOR  P
ORTIONS OF THE DELAWARE RIVER, PHILA-
DELPHIA , PENNSYLVANIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), unless the Secretary determines, after consultation with local and regional public officials (including local and regional project planning organizations), that there are substantive objections, the following por-tions of the Delaware River, bounded by the former bulkhead and pierhead lines estab-lished by the Secretary of War and succes-sors, are declared to be non-navigable waters of the United States: (A) Piers 70 South through 38 South, en-compassing an area bounded by the southern line of Moore Street extended to the north-ern line of Catherine Street extended, in-cluding the following piers: Piers 70, 68, 67, 64, 61–63, 60, 57, 55, 46, 48, 40, and 38. (B) Piers 24 North through 72 North, en-compassing an area bounded by the southern line of Callowhill Street extended to the northern line of East Fletcher Street ex-tended, including the following piers: 24, 25, 27–35, 35.5, 36, 37, 38, 39, 49, 51–52, 53–57, 58–65, 66, 67, 69, 70–72, and Rivercenter. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall make the determination under paragraph (1) separately for each portion of the Delaware River described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), using reasonable discretion, by not later than 150 days after the date of submission of appropriate plans for that por-tion. (3) L
IMITS ON APPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) applies only to those parts of the areas described in that paragraph that are or will be bulk-headed and filled or otherwise occupied by permanent structures, including marina and recreation facilities. (B) O
THER FEDERAL LAWS .—Any work de-scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be subject to all applicable Federal law (including regu-lations), including— (i) sections 9 and 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (commonly known as the ‘‘River and Harbors Appropriation Act of 1899’’) (33 U.S.C. 401, 403); (ii) section 404 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344); and (iii) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (j) S
ALTCREEK , GRAHAM , TEXAS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The project for flood con-trol, environmental restoration, and recre-ation, Salt Creek, Graham, Texas, author-ized by section 101(a)(30) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 278–279), is no longer author-ized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) C
ERTAIN PROJECT -RELATED CLAIMS .—The non-Federal sponsor for the project described in paragraph (1) shall hold and save the United States harmless from any claim that has arisen, or that may arise, in connection with the project. (3) T
RANSFER .—The Secretary is authorized to transfer any land acquired by the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5764 September 15, 2016 
Government for the project on behalf of the non-Federal sponsor that remains in Federal ownership on or after the date of enactment of this Act to the non-Federal sponsor. (4) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the land that is integral to the project described in paragraph (1) ceases to be owned by the public, all right, title, and interest in and to the land and improve-ments shall revert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States. (k) N
EWSAVANNAH BLUFF LOCK AND DAM, G
EORGIA AND SOUTH CAROLINA .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) N
EW SAVANNAH BLUFF LOCK AND DAM .— The term ‘‘New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam’’ has the meaning given the term in section 348(l)(1) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act). (B) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘Project’’ means the project for navigation, Savannah Harbor expansion, Georgia, authorized by section 7002(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1364). (2) D
EAUTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam is deauthorized; and (ii) notwithstanding section 348(l)(2)(B) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630; 114 Stat. 2763A–228) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act) or any other provision of law, the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam shall not be conveyed to the city of North Augusta and Aiken County, South Carolina, or any other non-Federal entity. (B) R
EPEAL .—Section 348 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630; 114 Stat. 2763A–228) is amended— (i) by striking subsection (l); and (ii) by redesignating subsections (m) and (n) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively. (3) P
ROJECT MODIFICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Project is modi-fied to include, as the Secretary determines to be necessary— (i)(I) repair of the lock wall of the New Sa-vannah Bluff Lock and Dam and modifica-tion of the structure such that the structure is able— (aa) to maintain the pool for navigation, water supply, and recreational activities, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (bb) to allow safe passage via a rock ramp over the structure to historic spawning grounds of Shortnose sturgeon, Atlantic sturgeon, and other migratory fish; or (II)(aa) construction at an appropriate lo-cation across the Savannah River of a rock weir that is able to maintain the pool for water supply and recreational activities, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (bb) removal of the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam on completion of construction of the weir; and (ii) conveyance by the Secretary to Au-gusta-Richmond County, Georgia, of the park and recreation area adjacent to the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam, without consideration. (B) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE COSTS .— The Federal share of the costs of operation and maintenance of any Project feature con-structed pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be 100 percent. SEC. 5002. CONVEYANCES. 
(a) P EARL RIVER, M ISSISSIPPI AND LOU-
ISIANA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The project for naviga-tion, Pearl River, Mississippi and Louisiana, authorized by the first section of the Act of August 30, 1935 (49 Stat. 1033, chapter 831) and section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–789; 80 Stat. 1405), is no longer authorized as a Federal project begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
RANSFER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary is authorized to convey to a State or local interest, without consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (i) any land in which the Federal Govern-ment has a property interest for the project described in paragraph (1); and (ii) improvements to the land described in clause (i). (B) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR COSTS .—The trans-feree shall be responsible for the payment of all costs and administrative expenses associ-ated with any transfer carried out pursuant to subparagraph (A), including costs associ-ated with any land survey required to deter-mine the exact acreage and legal description of the land and improvements to be trans-ferred. (C) O
THER TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—A trans- fer under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and ap-propriate to protect the interests of the United States. (3) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the land and improvements con-veyed under paragraph (2) ceases to be owned by the public, all right, title, and interest in and to the land and improvements shall re-vert, at the discretion of the Secretary, to the United States. (b) S
ARDIS LAKE, MISSISSIPPI .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-ized to convey to the lessee, at full fair mar-ket value, all right, title and interest of the United Sates in and to the property identi-fied in the leases numbered DACW38–1–15–7, DACW38–1–15–33, DACW38–1–15–34, and DACW38–1–15–38, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appropriate to protect the in-terests of the United States. (2) E
ASEMENT AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANT .— The conveyance under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) a restrictive covenant to require the approval of the Secretary for any substantial change in the use of the property; and (B) a flowage easement. (c) P
ENSACOLA DAM AND RESERVOIR , GRAND  R
IVER, OKLAHOMA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the Act of June 28, 1938 (52 Stat. 1215, chapter 795), as amended by section 3 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 645, chapter 377), and notwith-standing section 3 of the Act of July 31, 1946 (60 Stat. 744, chapter 710), the Secretary shall convey, by quitclaim deed and without con-sideration, to the Grand River Dam Author-ity, an agency of the State of Oklahoma, for flood control purposes, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to real property under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Secretary acquired in connection with the Pensacola Dam project, together with any improvements on the property. (2) F
LOOD CONTROL PURPOSES .—If any inter-est in the real property described in para-graph (1) ceases to be managed for flood con-trol or other public purposes and is conveyed to a non-public entity, the transferee, as part of the conveyance, shall pay to the United States the fair market value for the interest. (3) NO EFFECT .—Nothing in this sub-section— (A) amends, modifies, or repeals any exist-ing authority vested in the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; or (B) amends, modifies, or repeals any au-thority of the Secretary or the Chief of Engi-neers pursuant to section 7 of the Act of De-cember 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 709). (d) J
OEPOOLLAKE, TEXAS .—The Secretary shall accept from the Trinity River Author-ity of Texas, if received by December 31, 2016, $31,233,401 as payment in full of amounts owed to the United States, including any ac-crued interest, for the approximately 61,747.1 acre-feet of water supply storage space in Joe Pool Lake, Texas (previously known as Lakeview Lake), for which payment has not commenced under Article 5.a (relating to project investment costs) of contract number DACW63–76–C–0106 as of the date of enact-ment of this Act. (e) W
EBER BASIN PROJECT , UTAH.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior shall allow for the prepayment of repay-ment obligations under the repayment con-tract numbered 14–06–400–33 between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy District (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘‘District’’), dated December 12, 1952, and supplemented and amended on June 30, 1961, on April 15, 1966, on September 20, 1968, and on May 9, 1985, including any other amendments and all related applicable contracts to the repayment contract, pro-viding for repayment of Weber Basin Project construction costs allocated to irrigation and municipal and industrial purposes for which repayment is provided pursuant to the repayment contract under terms and condi-tions similar to the terms and conditions used in implementing the prepayment provi-sions in section 210 of the Central Utah Project Completion Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4624) for prepayment of Central Utah Project, Bonneville Unit repayment ob-ligations. (2) A
UTHORIZATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS .— The prepayment authorized under paragraph (1)— (A) shall result in the United States recov-ering the net present value of all repayment streams that would have been payable to the United States if this section was not in ef-fect; (B) may be provided in several install-ments; (C) may not be adjusted on the basis of the type of prepayment financing used by the District; and (D) shall be made in a manner that pro-vides that total repayment is made not later than September 30, 2026. TITLE VI—WATER RESOURCES INFRASTRUCTURE 
SEC. 6001. AUTHORIZATION OF FINAL FEASI-BILITY STUDIES. 
The following final feasibility studies for water resources development and conserva-tion and other purposes are authorized to be carried out by the Secretary substantially in accordance with the plan, and subject to the conditions, described in the respective re-ports designated in this section: (1) N
AVIGATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5765 September 15, 2016 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. TX Brazos Island Harbor November 3, 2014 Federal: $116,116,000 Non-Federal: $135,836,000 Total: $251,952,000 
2. LA Calcasieu Lock December 2, 2014 Federal: $16,700,000 Non-Federal: $0 Total: $16,700,000 
3. NH, ME Portsmouth Harbor and Piscataqua River February 8, 2015 Federal: $15,580,000 Non-Federal: $5,190,000 Total: $20,770,000 
4. KY Green River Locks and Dams 3, 4, 5, and 6 and Barren River Lock and Dam 1 Dis-position April 30, 2015 Federal: $0 Non-Federal: $0 Total: $0 
5. FL Port Everglades June 25, 2015 Federal: $220,200,000 Non-Federal: $102,500,000 Total: $322,700,000 
6. AK Little Diomede August 10, 2015 Federal: $26,015,000 Non-Federal: $2,945,000 Total: $28,960,000 
7. SC Charleston Harbor September 8, 2015 Federal: $224,300,000 Non-Federal: $269,000,000 Total: $493,300,000 
8. AK Craig Harbor March 16, 2016 Federal: $29,062,000 Non-Federal: $3,255,000 Total: $32,317,000 
9. PA Upper Ohio River, Allegheny and Beaver Counties September 12, 2016 Federal: $1,324,235,500 Non-Federal: $1,324,235,500 Total: $2,648,471,000 
(2) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT .— 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. TX Leon Creek Watershed, San Antonio June 30, 2014 Federal: $18,314,000 Non-Federal: $9,861,000 Total: $28,175,000 
2. MO, KS Armourdale and Central In-dustrial District Levee Units, Missouri River and Tributaries at Kansas City January 27, 2015 Federal: $207,036,000 Non-Federal: $111,481,000 Total: $318,517,000 
3. KS City of Manhattan April 30, 2015 Federal: $15,440,100 Non-Federal: $8,313,900 Total: $23,754,000 
4. KS Upper Turkey Creek Basin December 22, 2015 Federal: $24,584,000 Non-Federal: $13,238,000 Total: $37,822,000 
5. NC Princeville February 23, 2016 Federal: $14,001,000 Non-Federal: $7,539,000 Total: $21,540,000 
6. CA West Sacramento April 26, 2016 Federal: $776,517,000 Non-Federal: $414,011,000 Total: $1,190,528,000 
7. CA American River Watershed Common Features April 26, 2016 Federal: $876,478,000 Non-Federal: $689,272,000 Total: $1,565,750,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5766 September 15, 2016 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
8. TN Mill Creek, Nashville October 15, 2015 Federal: $17,759,000 Non-Federal: $10,745,000 Total: $28,504,000 
(3) H URRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RISK RE -
DUCTION .— 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Initial Costs and Estimated Re-nourishment Costs 
1. SC Edisto Beach, Colleton County September 5, 2014 Initial Federal: $13,733,850 Initial Non-Federal: $7,395,150 Initial Total: $21,129,000 Renourishment Federal: $16,371,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $16,371,000 Renourishment Total: $32,742,000 
2. FL Flagler County December 23, 2014 Initial Federal: $9,218,300 Initial Non-Federal: $4,963,700 Initial Total: $14,182,000 Renourishment Federal: $15,390,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $15,390,000 Renourishment Total: $30,780,000 
3. NC Bogue Banks, Carteret County December 23, 2014 Initial Federal: $24,263,000 Initial Non-Federal: $13,064,000 Initial Total: $37,327,000 Renourishment Federal: $114,728,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $114,728,000 Renourishment Total: $229,456,000 
4. NJ Hereford Inlet to Cape May Inlet, New Jersey Shoreline Protection Project, Cape May County January 23, 2015 Initial Federal: $14,040,000 Initial Non-Federal: $7,560,000 Initial Total: $21,600,000 Renourishment Federal: $41,215,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $41,215,000 Renourishment Total: $82,430,000 
5. LA West Shore Lake Pont-chartrain June 12, 2015 Federal: $466,760,000 Non-Federal: $251,330,000 Total: $718,090,000 
6. CA Encinitas-Solana Beach Coast-al Storm Damage Reduction April 29, 2016 Initial Federal: $20,166,000 Initial Non-Federal: $10,858,000 Initial Total: $31,024,000 Renourishment Federal: $68,215,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $68,215,000 Renourishment Total: $136,430,000 
7. LA Southwest Coastal Louisiana July 29, 2016 Federal: $2,011,279,000 Non-Federal: $1,082,997,000 Total: $3,094,276,000 
(4) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT AND ENVIRON -
MENTAL RESTORATION .— 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. IL, WI Upper Des Plaines River and Tributaries June 8, 2015 Federal: $199,393,000 Non-Federal: $107,694,000 Total: $307,087,000 
2. CA South San Francisco Bay Shoreline December 18, 2015 Federal: $69,521,000 Non-Federal: $104,379,000 Total: $173,900,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5767 September 15, 2016 
(5) E NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION .— 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. FL Central Everglades Planning Project, Comprehensive Ev-erglades Restoration Plan, Central and Southern Flor-ida Project December 23, 2014 Federal: $976,375,000 Non-Federal: $974,625,000 Total: $1,951,000,000 
2. OR Lower Willamette River Envi-ronmental Dredging December 14, 2015 Federal: $19,143,000 Non-Federal: $10,631,000 Total: $29,774,000 
3. WA Skokomish River December 14, 2015 Federal: $12,782,000 Non-Federal: $6,882,000 Total: $19,664,000 
4. CA LA River Ecosystem Restora-tion December 18, 2015 Federal: $375,773,000 Non-Federal: $980,835,000 Total: $1,356,608,000 
(6) S PECIAL RULE .—The portion of the Mill Creek Flood Risk Management project au-thorized by paragraph (2) that consists of measures within the Mill Creek Basin shall be carried out pursuant to section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s). SEC. 6002. AUTHORIZATION OF PROJECT MODI-FICATIONS RECOMMENDED BY THE SECRETARY. 
The following project modifications for water resources development and conserva-tion and other purposes are authorized to be carried out by the Secretary substantially in accordance with the recommendations of the Director of Civil Works, as specified in the reports referred to in this section: 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Director’s Report D. Updated Authorization Project Costs 
1. KS, MO Turkey Creek Basin November 4, 2015 Estimated Federal: $97,067,750 Estimated Non-Federal: $55,465,250 Total: $152,533,000 
2. MO Blue River Basin November 6, 2015 Estimated Federal: $34,860,000 Estimated Non-Federal: $11,620,000 Total: $46,480,000 
3. FL Picayune Strand March 9, 2016 Estimated Federal: $308,983,000 Estimated Non-Federal: $308,983,000 Total: $617,967,000 
4. KY Ohio River Shoreline March 11, 2016 Estimated Federal: $20,309,900 Estimated Non-Federal: $10,936,100 Total: $31,246,000 
5. TX Houston Ship Channel May 13, 2016 Estimated Federal: $381,032,000 Estimated Non-Federal: $127,178,000 Total: $508,210,000 
6. AZ Rio de Flag, Flagstaff June 22, 2016 Estimated Federal: $65,514,650 Estimated Non-Federal: $35,322,350 Total: $100,837,000 
7. MO Swope Park Industrial Area, Blue River April 21, 2016 Estimated Federal: $20,205,250 Estimated Non-Federal: $10,879,750 Total: $31,085,000 
SEC. 6003. AUTHORIZATION OF STUDY AND MODI-FICATION PROPOSALS SUBMITTED TO CONGRESS BY THE SECRETARY. 
(a) A RCTIC DEEPDRAFT PORTDEVELOPMENT  P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Section 2105 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2243) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 450b))’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 5304)) and a Native village, Regional Cor-poration, or Village Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) CONSIDERATION OF NATIONAL SECURITY  I
NTERESTS .—In carrying out a study of the feasibility of an Arctic deep draft port, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall consult with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of De-fense to identify national security benefits associated with an Arctic deep draft port; and ‘‘(2) if appropriate, as determined by the Secretary, may determine a port described in paragraph (1) is feasible based on the bene-fits described in that paragraph.’’. (b) O
UACHITA -BLACK RIVERS , ARKANSAS AND  L
OUISIANA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modi-fying the project for navigation, Ouachita- Black Rivers, authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960 (Public Law 86–645; 74 Stat. 481) to include bank stabiliza-tion and water supply as project purposes. (c) CACHE CREEK BASIN, CALIFORNIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-pare a general reevaluation report on the project for flood control, Cache Creek Basin, California, authorized by section 401(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–662; 100 Stat. 4112). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5768 September 15, 2016 
identify specific needed modifications to ex-isting project authorities— (A) to increase basin capacity; (B) to decrease the long-term maintenance; and (C) to provide opportunities for ecosystem benefits for the Sacramento River flood con-trol project. (d) C
OYOTE VALLEY DAM, CALIFORNIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out a project for flood damage reduction, environmental res-toration, and water supply by modifying the Coyote Valley Dam, California. (e) D
ELROSA DRAINAGE AREA, C ALI-
FORNIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects for flood control and eco-system restoration in the cities of San Bernardino and Highland, San Bernardino County, California. (f) M
ERCED COUNTY , CALIFORNIA .—The Sec- retary shall prepare a general reevaluation report on the project for flood control, Merced County streams project, California, authorized by section 10 of the Act of Decem-ber 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 900; chapter 665), to in-vestigate the flood risk management oppor-tunities and improve levee performance along Black Rascal Creek and Bear Creek. (g) M
ISSION -ZANJA DRAINAGE AREA, CALI-
FORNIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects for flood control and eco-system restoration in the cities of Redlands, Loma Linda, and San Bernardino, California, and unincorporated counties of San Bernardino County, California. (h) S
ANTA ANARIVER BASIN, CALIFORNIA .— The Secretary shall conduct a study to de-termine the feasibility of modifying the project for flood damage reduction by modi-fying the San Jacinto and Bautista Creek Improvement Project, part of the Santa Ana River Basin Project in Riverside County, California. (i) D
ELAWARE BAYCOASTLINE , DELAWARE  
AND NEWJERSEY -ROOSEVELT INLET -LEWES  B
EACH , DELAWARE .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for shoreline protec-tion and ecosystem restoration, Delaware Bay Coastline, Delaware and New Jersey- Roosevelt Inlet-Lewes Beach, Delaware, au-thorized by section 101(a)(13) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 276), to extend the au-thorized project limit from the current east-ward terminus to a distance of 8,000 feet east of the Roosevelt Inlet east jetty. (j) M
ISPILLION INLET , CONCH BAR, DELA-
WARE .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out a project for navigation and shoreline protec-tion at Mispillion Inlet and Conch Bar, Sus-sex County, Delaware. (k) D
AYTONA BEACH FLOOD PROTECTION , F
LORIDA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects for flood control in the city of Daytona Beach, Florida. (l) B
RUNSWICK HARBOR , GEORGIA .—The Sec- retary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for navigation, Brunswick Harbor, Georgia, au-thorized by section 101(a)(19) of the Water Resources and Development Act of 1999 (Pub-lic Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 277)— (1) to widen the existing bend in the Fed-eral navigation channel at the intersection of Cedar Hammock and Brunswick Point Cut Ranges; and (2) to extend the northwest side of the ex-isting South Brunswick River Turning Basin. (m) S
AVANNAH RIVER BELOW AUGUSTA , G
EORGIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modi-fying the project for navigation, Savannah River below Augusta, Georgia, authorized by the first section of the Act of July 3, 1930 (46 Stat. 924, chapter 847), to include aquatic ecosystem restoration, water supply, recre-ation, sediment management, and flood con-trol as project purposes. (n) DUBUQUE , IOWA.—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for flood protection, Dubuque, Iowa, authorized by section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1965 (Public Law 89– 298; 79 Stat. 1086), to increase the level of flood protection and reduce flood damages. (o) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER SHIPCHANNEL , GULF 
TOBATON ROUGE , LOUISIANA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasi-bility of modifying the project for naviga-tion, Mississippi River Ship Channel, Gulf to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, authorized by sec-tion 201(a) of the Harbor Development and Navigation Improvement Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–662; 100 Stat. 4090), to deepen the channel approaches and the associated area on the left descending bank of the Mis-sissippi River between mile 98.3 and mile 100.6 Above Head of Passes (AHP) to a depth equal to the Channel. (p) S
T. TAMMANY PARISH GOVERNMENT COM-
PREHENSIVE COASTAL MASTER PLAN, L OU-
ISIANA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects described in the St. Tammany Par-ish Comprehensive Coastal Master Plan for flood control, shoreline protection, and eco-system restoration in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana. (q) C
AYUGA INLET , ITHACA , NEWYORK.—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for flood protection, Great Lakes Basin, author-ized by section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1960 (Public Law 86–645; 74 Stat. 488) to in-clude sediment management as a project purpose on the Cayuga Inlet, Ithaca, New York. (r) C
HAUTAUQUA COUNTY , NEWYORK.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects for flood risk manage-ment, navigation, environmental dredging, and ecosystem restoration on the Cattaraugus, Silver Creek, and Chautauqua Lake tributaries in Chautauqua County, New York. (2) E
VALUATION OF POTENTIAL SOLUTIONS .— In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall evaluate potential solu-tions to flooding from all sources, including flooding that results from ice jams. (s) D
ELAWARE RIVER BASIN, NEWYORK, NEW J
ERSEY , P ENNSYLVANIA , D ELAWARE .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the operations of the projects for flood control, Delaware River Basin, New York, New Jersey, Penn-sylvania, and Delaware, authorized by sec-tion 10 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (60 Stat. 644, chapter 596), and section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1182), to enhance opportunities for ecosystem restoration and water supply. (t) C
INCINNATI , OHIO.— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall review the Central Riverfront Park Master Plan, dated December 1999, and the Ohio River-front Study, Cincinnati, Ohio, dated August 2002, to determine the feasibility of carrying out flood risk reduction, ecosystem restora-tion, and recreation components beyond the ecosystem restoration and recreation compo-nents that were undertaken pursuant to sec-tion 5116 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1238) as a second phase of that project. (2) A
UTHORIZATION .—The project authorized under section 5116 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1238) is modified to authorize the Secretary to undertake the additional flood risk reduction and ecosystem restoration components described in paragraph (1), at a total cost of $30,000,000, if the Secretary de-termines that the additional flood risk re-duction, ecosystem restoration, and recre-ation components, considered together, are feasible. (u) TULSA AND WEST TULSA , A RKANSAS  R
IVER, OKLAHOMA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the projects for flood risk man-agement, Tulsa and West Tulsa, Oklahoma, authorized by section 3 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 645; chapter 377). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ad-dress project deficiencies, uncertainties, and significant data gaps, including material, construction, and subsurface, which render the project at risk of overtopping, breaching, or system failure. (B) A
DDRESSING DEFICIENCIES .—In address-ing deficiencies under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall incorporate current design standards and efficiency improvements, in-cluding the replacement of mechanical and electrical components at pumping stations, if the incorporation does not significantly change the scope, function, or purpose of the project. (3) P
RIORITIZATION TO ADDRESS SIGNIFICANT  
RISKS .—In any case in which a levee or levee system (as defined in section 9002 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3301)) is classified as a Class I or II under the levee safety action classification tool developed by the Corps of Engineers, the Secretary shall expedite the project for budget consideration. (v) J
OHNSTOWN , PENNSYLVANIA .—The Sec- retary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the project for flood control, Johnstown, Pennsylvania, au-thorized by the Act of June 22, 1936 (49 Stat. 1570, chapter 688; 50 Stat. 880) (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1936’’), to include aquatic ecosystem restoration, recreation, sediment management, and in-crease the level of flood control. (w) C
HACON CREEK , T EXAS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law (includ-ing any resolution of a Committee of Con-gress), the study conducted by the Secretary described in the resolution adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives on May 21, 2003, relating to flood damage reduc-tion, environmental restoration and protec-tion, water conservation and supply, water quality, and related purposes in the Rio Grande Watershed below Falcon Dam, shall include the area above Falcon Dam. (x) C
ORPUS CHRISTI SHIPCHANNEL , TEXAS .— The Secretary shall conduct a study to de-termine the feasibility of modifying the project for navigation and ecosystem res-toration, Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Texas, authorized by section 1001(40) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1056), to de-velop and evaluate alternatives that address navigation problems directly affecting the Corpus Christi Ship Channel, La Quinta Channel, and La Quinta Channel Extension, including deepening the La Quinta Channel, 2 turning basins, and the wye at La Quinta Junction. (y) T
RINITY RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES , T
EXAS .— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall review the economic analysis of the Center for Economic Development and Research of the University of North Texas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5769 September 15, 2016 
entitled ‘‘Estimated Economic Benefits of the Modified Central City Project (Trinity River Vision) in Fort Worth, Texas’’ and dated November 2014. (2) A
UTHORIZATION .—The project for flood control and other purposes on the Trinity River and tributaries, Texas, authorized by the River and Harbor Act of 1965 (Public Law 89–298; 79 Stat. 1091), as modified by section 116 the Energy and Water Development Ap-propriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–447; 118 Stat. 2944), is further modified to author-ize the Secretary to carry out projects de-scribed in the recommended plan of the eco-nomic analysis described in paragraph (1), if the Secretary determines, based on the re-view referred to in paragraph (1), that— (A) the economic analysis and the process by which the economic analysis was devel-oped complies with Federal law (including regulations) applicable to economic analyses for water resources development projects; and (B) based on the economic analysis, the recommended plan in the supplement to the final environmental impact statement for the Central City Project, Upper Trinity River entitled ‘‘Final Supplemental No. 1’’ is economically justified. (3) L
IMITATION .—The Federal share of the cost of the recommended plan described in paragraph (2) shall not exceed $520,000,000, of which not more than $5,500,000 may be ex-pended to carry out recreation features of the project. (z) C
HINCOTEAGUE ISLAND , VIRGINIA .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of carrying out projects for ecosystem restoration and flood control, Chincoteague Island, Virginia, authorized by section 8 of Public Law 89–195 (16 U.S.C. 459f– 7) (commonly known as the ‘‘Assateague Is-land National Seashore Act’’) for— (1) assessing the current and future func-tion of the barrier island, inlet, and coastal bay system surrounding Chincoteague Is-land; (2) developing an array of options for re-source management; and (3) evaluating the feasibility and cost asso-ciated with sustainable protection and res-toration areas. (aa) B
URLEY CREEK WATERSHED , W ASH-
INGTON .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of car-rying out projects for flood control and aquatic ecosystem restoration in the Burley Creek Watershed, Washington. 
SEC. 6004. EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF RE-PORTS. 
The Secretary shall expedite completion of the reports for the following projects, in ac-cordance with section 2045 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348), and, if the Secretary determines that a project is justified in the completed report, proceed directly to project preconstruction, engineering, and design in accordance with section 910 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2287): (1) The project for navigation, St. George Harbor, Alaska. (2) The project for flood risk management, Rahway River Basin, New Jersey. (3) The Hudson-Raritan Estuary Com-prehensive Restoration Project. (4) The project for navigation, Mobile Har-bor, Alabama. 
SEC. 6005. EXTENSION OF EXPEDITED CONSIDER-ATION IN SENATE. 
Section 7004(b)(4) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1374) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 6006. GAO STUDY ON CORPS OF ENGINEERS METHODOLOGY AND PERFORMANCE METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a study of the methodologies and performance metrics used by the Corps of Engineers to calculate ben-efit-to-cost ratios and evaluate construction projects. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—The study under sub-section (a) shall address— (1) whether and to what extent the current methodologies and performance metrics place small and rural geographic areas at a competitive disadvantage; (2) whether the value of property for which damage would be prevented as a result of a flood risk management project is the best measurement for the primary input in ben-efit-to-cost calculations for flood risk man-agement projects; (3) any recommendations for approaches to modify the metrics used to improve benefit- to-cost ratio results for small and rural geo-graphic areas; and (4) whether a reevaluation of existing ap-proaches and the primary criteria used to calculate the economic benefits of a Corps of Engineers construction project could provide greater construction project completion re-sults for small and rural geographic areas without putting a strain on the budget of the Corps of Engineers. 
SEC. 6007. INVENTORY ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete the assessment and inventory re-quired under section 6002(a) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1349). 
SEC. 6008. SAINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY MOD-ERNIZATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) G
REAT LAKES REGION .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes region’’ means the region comprised of the Great Lakes States. (2) G
REAT LAKES STATES .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes States’’ means each of the States of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and Wisconsin. (3) S
EAWAY .—The term ‘‘Seaway’’ means the Saint Lawrence Seaway. (b) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General, in cooperation with appropriate Federal, State, and local authorities, shall conduct a study to— (A) assess the condition of the Seaway; and (B) evaluate options available in the 21st century for modernizing the Seaway as a globally significant transportation corridor. (2) S
COPE OF STUDY .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall— (A) assess the condition of the Seaway and the capacity of the Seaway to drive com-merce and other economic activity in the Great Lakes region; (B) detail the importance of the Seaway to the functioning of the United States econ-omy, with an emphasis on the domestic man-ufacturing sector, including the domestic steel manufacturing industry; (C) evaluate options— (i) to modernize physical navigation infra-structure, facilities, and related assets not operated or maintained by the Secretary along the corridor of the Seaway, including an assessment of alternative means for the Great Lakes region to finance large-scale initiatives; (ii) to increase exports of domestically pro-duced goods and study the trade balance and regional economic impact of the possible in-crease in imports of agricultural products, steel, aggregates, and other goods commonly transported through the Seaway; (iii) increase economic activity and devel-opment in the Great Lakes region by advanc-ing the multimodal transportation and eco-nomic network in the region; (iv) ensure the competitiveness of the Sea-way as a transportation corridor in an in-creasingly integrated global transportation network; and (v) attract tourists to the Great Lakes re-gion by improving attractions and removing barriers to tourism and travel throughout the Seaway; and (D) evaluate the existing and potential fi-nancing authorities of the Seaway as com-pared to other Federal agencies and instru-mentalities with development responsibil-ities. (3) DEADLINE .—The Comptroller General shall complete the study under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable and not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (4) C
OORDINATION .—The Comptroller Gen-eral shall conduct the study under paragraph (1) with input from representatives of the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Cor-poration, the Economic Development Admin-istration, the Coast Guard, the Corps of En-gineers, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and State and local entities (including port authorities throughout the Seaway). (5) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the re-sults of the study under paragraph (1) not later than the earlier of— (A) the date that is 180 days after the date on which the study is completed; or (B) the date that is 30 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6009. YAZOO BASIN, MISSISSIPPI. 
The authority of the Secretary to carry out the project for flood damage reduction, bank stabilization, and sediment and erosion control known as the ‘‘Yazoo Basin, Mis-sissippi, Mississippi Delta Headwater Project, MS’’, authorized by title I of Public Law 98–8 (97 Stat. 22), as amended, shall not be limited to watersheds referenced in re-ports accompanying appropriations bills for previous fiscal years. TITLE VII—SAFE DRINKING WATER AND CLEAN WATER INFRASTRUCTURE 
SEC. 7001. DEFINITION OF ADMINISTRATOR. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. 
SEC. 7002. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON APPRO-PRIATIONS LEVELS AND FINDINGS ON ECONOMIC IMPACTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that Congress should provide robust funding for the State drinking water treatment revolving loan funds established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) and the State water pollution control revolving funds es-tablished under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.). (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds, based on an analysis sponsored by the Water Environ-ment Federation and the WateReuse Asso-ciation of the nationwide impact of State re-volving loan fund spending using the IMPLAN economic model developed by the Federal Government, that, in addition to the public health and environmental benefits, the Federal investment in safe drinking water and clean water provides the following benefits: (1) Generation of significant Federal tax revenue, as evidenced by the following: (A) Every dollar of a Federal capitalization grant returns $0.21 to the general fund of the Treasury in the form of Federal taxes and, when additional spending from the State re-volving loan funds is considered to be the re-sult of leveraging the Federal investment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5770 September 15, 2016 
every dollar of a Federal capitalization grant returns $0.93 in Federal tax revenue. (B) A combined $34,700,000,000 in capitaliza-tion grants for the clean water and state drinking water state revolving loan funds de-scribed in subsection (a) over a period of 5 years would generate $7,430,000,000 in Federal tax revenue and, when additional spending from the State revolving loan funds is con-sidered to be the result of leveraging the Federal investment, the Federal investment will result in $32,300,000,000 in Federal tax revenue during that 5-year period. (2) An increase in employment, as evi-denced by the following: (A) Every $1,000,000 in State revolving loan fund spending generates 16
1⁄2jobs. (B) $34,700,000,000 in Federal capitalization grants for State revolving loan funds over a period of 5 years would result in 506,000 jobs. (3) An increase in economic output: (A) Every $1,000,000 in State revolving loan fund spending results in $2,950,000 in output for the economy of the United States. (B) $34,700,000,000 in Federal capitalization grants for State revolving loan funds over a period of 5 years will generate $102,700,000,000 in total economic output. Subtitle A—Drinking Water 
SEC. 7101. PRECONSTRUCTION WORK. 
Section 1452(a)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(a)(2)) is amend-ed— (1) by designating the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth sentences as subparagraphs (A), (B), (D), (E), and (F), respectively; (2) in subparagraph (B) (as designated by paragraph (1)) by striking ‘‘(not’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(including expenditures for planning, design, and associated preconstruction ac-tivities, including activities relating to the siting of the facility, but not’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) (as designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(C) S
ALE OF BONDS .—Funds may also be used by a public water system as a source of revenue (restricted solely to interest earn-ings of the applicable State loan fund) or se-curity for payment of the principal and in-terest on revenue or general obligation bonds issued by the State to provide matching funds under subsection (e), if the proceeds of the sale of the bonds will be deposited in the State loan fund.’’. 
SEC. 7102. PRIORITY SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1452(b)(3) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)(3)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (D); (2) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF RESTRUCTURING .—In this paragraph, the term ‘restructuring’ means changes in operations (including own-ership, cooperative partnerships, asset man-agement, consolidation, and alternative water supply). ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY SYSTEM .—An intended use plan shall provide, to the maximum extent practicable, that priority for the use of funds be given to projects that— ‘‘(i) address the most serious risk to human health; ‘‘(ii) are necessary to ensure compliance with this title (including requirements for filtration); ‘‘(iii) assist systems most in need on a per- household basis according to State afford-ability criteria; and ‘‘(iv) improve the sustainability of sys-tems. ‘‘(C) W
EIGHT GIVEN TO APPLICATIONS .—After determining project priorities under sub-paragraph (B), an intended use plan shall provide that the State shall give greater weight to an application for assistance by a community water system if the application includes such information as the State deter-mines to be necessary and contains— ‘‘(i) a description of utility management best practices undertaken by a treatment works applying for assistance, including— ‘‘(I) an inventory of assets, including any lead service lines, and a description of the condition of the assets; ‘‘(II) a schedule for replacement of assets; ‘‘(III) a financing plan that factors in all lifecycle costs indicating sources of revenue from ratepayers, grants, bonds, other loans, and other sources to meet the costs; and ‘‘(IV) a review of options for restructuring the public water system; ‘‘(ii) demonstration of consistency with State, regional, and municipal watershed plans; ‘‘(iii) a water conservation plan consistent with guidelines developed for those plans by the Administrator under section 1455(a); and ‘‘(iv) approaches to improve the sustain-ability of the system, including— ‘‘(I) water efficiency or conservation, in-cluding the rehabilitation or replacement of existing leaking pipes; ‘‘(II) use of reclaimed water; ‘‘(III) actions to increase energy efficiency; and ‘‘(IV) implementation of plans to protect source water identified in a source water as-sessment under section 1453.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)), by striking ‘‘periodically’’ and inserting ‘‘at least biennially’’. SEC. 7103. ADMINISTRATION OF STATE LOAN FUNDS. 
Section 1452(g)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(g)(2)) is amend-ed— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘up to 4 percent of the funds allotted to the State under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘, for each fiscal year, an amount that does not exceed the sum of the amount of any fees collected by the State for use in covering reasonable costs of administration of programs under this section, regardless of the source, and an amount equal to the greatest of $400,000, 
1⁄5 percent of the current valuation of the fund, or 4 percent of all grant awards to the fund under this section for the fiscal year,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘1419,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1993.’’ and inserting ‘‘1419.’’. 
SEC. 7104. OTHER AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
Section 1452(k) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(k)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and the implementation of plans to protect source water identified in a source water assess-ment under section 1453’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(E), by inserting after ‘‘wellhead protection programs’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and implement plans to protect source water identified in a source water as-sessment under section 1453’’. 
SEC. 7105. NEGOTIATION OF CONTRACTS. 
Section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) N
EGOTIATION OF CONTRACTS .—For com- munities with populations of more than 10,000 individuals, a contract to be carried out using funds directly made available by a capitalization grant under this section for program management, construction manage-ment, feasibility studies, preliminary engi-neering, design, engineering, surveying, mapping, or architectural or related services shall be negotiated in the same manner as— ‘‘(1) a contract for architectural and engi-neering services is negotiated under chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code; or ‘‘(2) an equivalent State qualifications- based requirement (as determined by the Governor of the State).’’. SEC. 7106. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL AND DIS-ADVANTAGED COMMUNITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part E of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1459A. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL AND DIS-ADVANTAGED COMMUNITIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF UNDERSERVED COMMU -
NITY.—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘underserved community’ means a local political subdivi-sion that, as determined by the Adminis-trator, has an inadequate drinking water or wastewater system. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘underserved community’ includes a local political sub-division that either, as determined by the Administrator— ‘‘(A) does not have household drinking water or wastewater services; or ‘‘(B) has a drinking water system that fails to meet health-based standards under this Act, including— ‘‘(i) a maximum contaminant level for a primary drinking water contaminant; ‘‘(ii) a treatment technique violation; and ‘‘(iii) an action level exceedance. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a program under which grants are provided to eligible entities for use in car-rying out projects and activities the primary purposes of which are to assist public water systems in meeting the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Projects and activities under paragraph (1) include— ‘‘(A) infrastructure investments necessary to comply with the requirements of this Act, ‘‘(B) assistance that directly and primarily benefits the disadvantaged community on a per-household basis, and ‘‘(C) programs to provide household water quality testing, including testing for unregu-lated contaminants. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An entity eligible to receive a grant under this section— ‘‘(1) is— ‘‘(A) a public water system as defined in section 1401; ‘‘(B) a system that is located in an area governed by an Indian Tribe (as defined in section 1401); or ‘‘(C) a State, on behalf of an underserved community; and ‘‘(2) serves a community that, under af-fordability criteria established by the State under section 1452(d)(3), is determined by the State— ‘‘(A) to be a disadvantaged community; ‘‘(B) to be a community that may become a disadvantaged community as a result of carrying out an eligible activity; or ‘‘(C) to serve a community with a popu-lation of less than 10,000 individuals that the Administrator determines does not have the capacity to incur debt sufficient to finance the project under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In prioritizing projects for implementation under this section, the Ad-ministrator shall give priority to systems that serve underserved communities. ‘‘(e) L
OCAL PARTICIPATION .—In prioritizing projects for implementation under this sec-tion, the Administrator shall consult with, and consider the priorities of, affected States, Indian Tribes, and local govern-ments. ‘‘(f) T
ECHNICAL , M ANAGERIAL , AND FINAN-
CIAL CAPABILITY .—The Administrator may provide assistance to increase the technical, managerial, and financial capability of an el-igible entity receiving a grant under this section if the Administrator determines that the eligible entity lacks appropriate tech-nical, managerial, and financial capability. ‘‘(g) C
OST SHARING .—Before carrying out any project under this section, the Adminis-trator shall enter into a binding agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5771 September 15, 2016 
with 1 or more non-Federal interests that shall require the non-Federal interests— ‘‘(1) to pay not less than 45 percent of the total costs of the project, which may include services, materials, supplies, or other in- kind contributions; ‘‘(2) to provide any land, easements, rights- of-way, and relocations necessary to carry out the project; and ‘‘(3) to pay 100 percent of any operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, and reha-bilitation costs associated with the project. ‘‘(h) W
AIVER .—The Administrator may waive the requirement to pay the non-Fed-eral share of the cost of carrying out an eli-gible activity using funds from a grant pro-vided under this section if the Administrator determines that an eligible entity is unable to pay, or would experience significant fi-nancial hardship if required to pay, the non- Federal share. ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $230,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(2) $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Administrator to provide grants to eligi-ble entities under section 1459A of the Safe Drinking Water Act (as added by subsection (a)), $20,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
SEC. 7107. REDUCING LEAD IN DRINKING WATER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part E of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) (as amended by section 7106) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1459B. REDUCING LEAD IN DRINKING WATER. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a community water system; ‘‘(B) a system located in an area governed by an Indian Tribe; ‘‘(C) a nontransient noncommunity water system; ‘‘(D) a qualified nonprofit organization, as determined by the Administrator; and ‘‘(E) a municipality or State, interstate, or intermunicipal agency. ‘‘(2) L
EAD REDUCTION PROJECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘lead reduc-tion project’ means a project or activity the primary purpose of which is to reduce the level of lead in water for human consump-tion by— ‘‘(i) replacement of publicly owned lead service lines; ‘‘(ii) testing, planning, or other relevant activities, as determined by the Adminis-trator, to identify and address conditions (including corrosion control) that contribute to increased lead levels in water for human consumption; ‘‘(iii) assistance to low-income home-owners to replace privately owned service lines, pipes, fittings, or fixtures that contain lead; and ‘‘(iv) education of consumers regarding measures to reduce exposure to lead from drinking water or other sources. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The term ‘lead reduction project’ does not include a partial lead serv-ice line replacement if, at the conclusion of the service line replacement, drinking water is delivered to a household through a pub-licly or privately owned portion of a lead service line. ‘‘(3) L
OW-INCOME .—The term ‘low-income’, with respect to an individual provided assist-ance under this section, has such meaning as may be given the term by the head of the municipality or State, interstate, or inter-municipal agency with jurisdiction over the area to which assistance is provided. ‘‘(4) MUNICIPALITY .—The term ‘munici-pality’ means— ‘‘(A) a city, town, borough, county, parish, district, association, or other public entity established by, or pursuant to, applicable State law; and ‘‘(B) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). ‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a grant program to provide assistance to eligible entities for lead reduc-tion projects in the United States. ‘‘(2) P
RECONDITION .—As a condition of re-ceipt of assistance under this section, before receiving the assistance the eligible entity shall take steps to identify— ‘‘(A) the source of lead in water for human consumption; and ‘‘(B) the means by which the proposed lead reduction project would reduce lead levels in the applicable water system. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY APPLICATION .—In providing grants under this subsection, the Adminis-trator shall give priority to an eligible enti-ty that— ‘‘(A) the Administrator determines, based on affordability criteria established by the State under section 1452(d)(3), to be a dis-advantaged community; and ‘‘(B) proposes to— ‘‘(i) carry out a lead reduction project at a public water system or nontransient non-community water system that has exceeded the lead action level established by the Ad-ministrator at any time during the 3-year period preceding the date of submission of the application of the eligible entity; ‘‘(ii) address lead levels in water for human consumption at a school, daycare, or other facility that primarily serves children or other vulnerable human subpopulation; or ‘‘(iii) address such priority criteria as the Administrator may establish, consistent with the goal of reducing lead levels of con-cern. ‘‘(4) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the non-Federal share of the total cost of a project funded by a grant under this sub-section shall be not less than 20 percent. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Administrator may re-duce or eliminate the non-Federal share under subparagraph (A) for reasons of afford-ability, as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(5) L
OW-INCOME ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an eligible entity may use a grant pro-vided under this subsection to provide assist-ance to low-income homeowners to carry out lead reduction projects. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The amount of a grant provided to a low-income homeowner under this paragraph shall not exceed the cost of replacement of the privately owned portion of the service line. ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION FOR LEAD SERV -
ICE LINE REPLACEMENT .—In carrying out lead service line replacement using a grant under this subsection, an eligible entity shall— ‘‘(A) notify customers of the replacement of any publicly owned portion of the lead service line; ‘‘(B) in the case of a homeowner who is not low-income, offer to replace the privately owned portion of the lead service line at the cost of replacement; ‘‘(C) in the case of a low-income home-owner, offer to replace the privately owned portion of the lead service line and any pipes, fitting, and fixtures that contain lead at a cost that is equal to the difference be-tween— ‘‘(i) the cost of replacement; and ‘‘(ii) the amount of low-income assistance available to the homeowner under paragraph (5); ‘‘(D) notify each customer that a planned replacement of any publicly owned portion of a lead service line that is funded by a grant made under this subsection will not be carried out unless the customer agrees to the simultaneous replacement of the privately owned portion of the lead service line; and ‘‘(E) demonstrate that the eligible entity has considered options for reducing lead in drinking water, including an evaluation of options for corrosion control. ‘‘(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Administrator to provide grants to eligi-ble entities under this section under section 1459B of the Safe Drinking Water Act (as added by subsection (a)), $20,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
SEC. 7108. REGIONAL LIAISONS FOR MINORITY, TRIBAL, AND LOW-INCOME COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall appoint not fewer than 1 employee in each regional office of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to serve as a liaison to minor-ity, tribal, and low-income communities in the relevant region. (b) P
UBLIC IDENTIFICATION .—The Adminis-trator shall identify each regional liaison se-lected under subsection (a) on the website of— (1) the relevant regional office of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency; and (2) the Office of Environmental Justice of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
SEC. 7109. NOTICE TO PERSONS SERVED. 
(a) E XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Section 1414(c) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Notice of any exceedance of a lead ac-tion level or any other prescribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412, including the concentrations of lead found in a monitoring activity.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (iii)— (I) by striking ‘‘Administrator or’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and, if applicable,’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘and the appropriate State and county health agencies’’ after ‘‘1413’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) E
XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Regulations issued under subparagraph (A) shall specify notification procedures for an exceedance of a lead action level or any other prescribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412.’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION OF THE PUBLIC RELATING  
TO LEAD .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Not later than 15 days after the date of an exceedance of a lead action level or any other prescribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412, the Administrator shall notify the public of the concentrations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5772 September 15, 2016 
of lead found in the monitoring activity con-ducted by the public water system if the pub-lic water system or the State does not notify the public of the concentrations of lead found in a monitoring activity. ‘‘(B) R
ESULTS OF LEAD MONITORING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may provide notice of any result of lead moni-toring conducted by a public water system to— ‘‘(I) any person that is served by the public water system; or ‘‘(II) the local or State health department of a locality or State in which the public water system is located. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM OF NOTICE .—The Administrator may provide the notice described in clause (i) by— ‘‘(I) press release; or ‘‘(II) other form of communication, includ-ing local media. ‘‘(C) P
RIVACY .—Notice to the public shall protect the privacy of individual customer information.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator, in collabora-tion with States and owners and operators of public water systems, shall establish a stra-tegic plan for how the Administrator, a State with primary enforcement responsi-bility, and the owners and operators of pub-lic water systems shall conduct targeted out-reach, education, technical assistance, and risk communication to populations affected by lead in a public water system.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1414(c) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(F)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (E)’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(B) (as redesignated by subsection (a)(3)), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(E)’’. 
SEC. 7110. ELECTRONIC REPORTING OF DRINK-ING WATER DATA. 
Section 1414 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) E
LECTRONIC REPORTING OF COMPLIANCE  M
ONITORING DATA.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require electronic submission of available compliance monitoring data, if practicable— ‘‘(A) by public water systems (or a certified laboratory on behalf of a public water sys-tem)— ‘‘(i) to the Administrator; or ‘‘(ii) with respect to a public water system in a State that has primary enforcement re-sponsibility under section 1413, to that State; and ‘‘(B) by each State that has primary en-forcement responsibility under section 1413 to the Administrator, as a condition on the receipt of funds under this Act. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining whether the requirement referred to in para-graph (1) is practicable, the Administrator shall consider— ‘‘(A) the ability of a public water system (or a certified laboratory on behalf of a pub-lic water system) or a State to meet the re-quirements of sections 3.1 through 3.2000 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations); ‘‘(B) information system compatibility; ‘‘(C) the size of the public water system; and ‘‘(D) the size of the community served by the public water system.’’. SEC. 7111. LEAD TESTING IN SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE DRINKING WATER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1464 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–24) is amended by striking subsection (d) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(d) V
OLUNTARY SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE L
EADTESTING GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
HILD CARE PROGRAM .—The term ‘child care program’ has the meaning given the term ‘early childhood education pro-gram’ in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). ‘‘(B) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘local educational agency’ means— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); ‘‘(ii) a tribal education agency (as defined in section 3 of the National Environmental Education Act (20 U.S.C. 5502)); and ‘‘(iii) an operator of a child care program facility licensed under State law. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, the Admin-istrator shall establish a voluntary school and child care lead testing grant program to make grants available to States to assist local educational agencies in voluntary test-ing for lead contamination in drinking water at schools and child care programs under the jurisdiction of the local educational agen-cies. ‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—The Administrator may make grants directly available to local educational agen-cies for the voluntary testing described in subparagraph (A) in— ‘‘(i) any State that does not participate in the voluntary school and child care lead testing grant program established under that subparagraph; and ‘‘(ii) any direct implementation area. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, a State or local educational agency shall submit to the Administrator an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Administrator may require. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Not more than 4 percent of grant funds accepted under this subsection shall be used to pay the administrative costs of carrying out this subsection. ‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE ; PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—As a condition of receiving a grant under this sub-section, the State or local educational agen-cy shall ensure that each local educational agency to which grant funds are distributed shall— ‘‘(A) expend grant funds in accordance with— ‘‘(i) the guidance of the Environmental Protection Agency entitled ‘3Ts for Reducing Lead in Drinking Water in Schools: Revised Technical Guidance’ and dated October 2006 (or any successor guidance); or ‘‘(ii) applicable State regulations or guid-ance regarding reducing lead in drinking water in schools and child care programs that is not less stringent than the guidance referred to in clause (i); and ‘‘(B)(i) make available in the administra-tive offices, and to the maximum extent practicable, on the Internet website, of the local educational agency for inspection by the public (including teachers, other school personnel, and parents) a copy of the results of any voluntary testing for lead contamina-tion in school and child care program drink-ing water that is carried out with grant funds under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) notify parent, teacher, and employee organizations of the availability of the re-sults described in clause (i). ‘‘(6) MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—If resources are available to a State or local educational agency from any other Federal agency, a State, or a private foundation for testing for lead contamination in drinking water, the State or local educational agency shall dem-onstrate that the funds provided under this subsection will not displace those resources. ‘‘(7) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—Section 1465 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–25) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 7112. WATERSENSE PROGRAM. 
The Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is amended by adding after Part F the following: ‘‘PART G—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 1471. WATERSENSE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF WATER SENSE PRO-
GRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established within the Agency a voluntary WaterSense program to identify and promote water-effi-cient products, buildings, landscapes, facili-ties, processes, and services that, through voluntary labeling of, or other forms of com-munications regarding, products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services while meeting strict performance criteria, sensibly— ‘‘(A) reduce water use; ‘‘(B) reduce the strain on public and com-munity water systems and wastewater and stormwater infrastructure; ‘‘(C) conserve energy used to pump, heat, transport, and treat water; and ‘‘(D) preserve water resources for future generations. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Administrator shall, consistent with this section, identify water- efficient products, buildings, landscapes, fa-cilities, processes, and services, including categories such as— ‘‘(A) irrigation technologies and services; ‘‘(B) point-of-use water treatment devices; ‘‘(C) plumbing products; ‘‘(D) reuse and recycling technologies; ‘‘(E) landscaping and gardening products, including moisture control or water enhanc-ing technologies; ‘‘(F) xeriscaping and other landscape con-versions that reduce water use; ‘‘(G) whole house humidifiers; and ‘‘(H) water-efficient buildings or facilities. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Administrator, coordi-nating as appropriate with the Secretary of Energy, shall— ‘‘(1) establish— ‘‘(A) a WaterSense label to be used for items meeting the certification criteria es-tablished in accordance with this section; and ‘‘(B) the procedure, including the methods and means, and criteria by which an item may be certified to display the WaterSense label; ‘‘(2) enhance public awareness regarding the WaterSense label through outreach, edu-cation, and other means; ‘‘(3) preserve the integrity of the WaterSense label by— ‘‘(A) establishing and maintaining feasible performance criteria so that products, build-ings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services labeled with the WaterSense label perform as well or better than less water-ef-ficient counterparts; ‘‘(B) overseeing WaterSense certifications made by third parties; ‘‘(C) as determined appropriate by the Ad-ministrator, using testing protocols, from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5773 September 15, 2016 
the appropriate, applicable, and relevant consensus standards, for the purpose of de-termining standards compliance; and ‘‘(D) auditing the use of the WaterSense label in the marketplace and preventing cases of misuse; and ‘‘(4) not more than 6 years after adoption or major revision of any WaterSense speci-fication, review and, if appropriate, revise the specification to achieve additional water savings; ‘‘(5) in revising a WaterSense specifica-tion— ‘‘(A) provide reasonable notice to inter-ested parties and the public of any changes, including effective dates, and an explanation of the changes; ‘‘(B) solicit comments from interested par-ties and the public prior to any changes; ‘‘(C) as appropriate, respond to comments submitted by interested parties and the pub-lic; and ‘‘(D) provide an appropriate transition time prior to the applicable effective date of any changes, taking into account the timing necessary for the manufacture, marketing, training, and distribution of the specific water-efficient product, building, landscape, process, or service category being addressed; and ‘‘(6) not later than December 31, 2018, con-sider for review and revision any WaterSense specification adopted before January 1, 2012. ‘‘(c) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable and not less than annually, regularly esti-mate and make available to the public the production and relative market shares and savings of water, energy, and capital costs of water, wastewater, and stormwater attrib-utable to the use of WaterSense-labeled products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services. ‘‘(d) D
ISTINCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—In set- ting or maintaining specifications for En-ergy Star pursuant to section 324A of the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a), and WaterSense under this section, the Secretary of Energy and Administrator shall coordinate to prevent duplicative or conflicting requirements among the respec-tive programs. ‘‘(e) N
OWARRANTY .—A WaterSense label shall not create an express or implied war-ranty.’’. 
SEC. 7113. WATER SUPPLY COST SAVINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the United States is facing a drinking water infrastructure funding crisis; (2) the Environmental Protection Agency projects a shortfall of approximately $384,000,000,000 in funding for drinking water infrastructure from 2015 to 2035 and this funding challenge is particularly acute in rural communities in the United States; (3) there are approximately 52,000 commu-nity water systems in the United States, of which nearly 42,000 are small community water systems; (4) the Drinking Water Needs Survey con-ducted by the Environmental Protection Agency in 2011 placed the shortfall in drink-ing water infrastructure funding for small communities, which consist of 3,300 or fewer persons, at $64,500,000,000; (5) small communities often cannot finance the construction and maintenance of drink-ing water systems because the cost per resi-dent for the investment would be prohibi-tively expensive; (6) drought conditions have placed signifi-cant strains on existing surface water sup-plies; (7) many communities across the United States are considering the use of ground-water and community well systems to pro-vide drinking water; and (8) approximately 42,000,000 people in the United States receive drinking water from individual wells and millions more rely on community well systems for drinking water. (b) SENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that providing rural commu-nities with the knowledge and resources nec-essary to fully use alternative drinking water systems, including wells and commu-nity well systems, can provide safe and af-fordable drinking water to millions of people in the United States. (c) D
RINKING WATER TECHNOLOGY CLEAR -
INGHOUSE .—The Administrator and the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall— (1) update existing programs of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and the De-partment of Agriculture designed to provide drinking water technical assistance to in-clude information on cost-effective, innova-tive, and alternative drinking water delivery systems, including systems that are sup-ported by wells; and (2) disseminate information on the cost ef-fectiveness of alternative drinking water de-livery systems, including wells and well sys-tems, to communities and not-for-profit or-ganizations seeking Federal funding for drinking water systems serving 500 or fewer persons. (d) W
ATER SYSTEM ASSESSMENT .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, in any application for a grant or loan from the Fed-eral Government or a State that is using Federal assistance for a drinking water sys-tem serving 500 or fewer persons, a unit of local government or not-for-profit organiza-tion shall self-certify that the unit of local government or organization has considered, as an alternative drinking water supply, drinking water delivery systems sourced by publicly owned— (1) individual wells; (2) shared wells; and (3) community wells. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator and the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to Congress a re-port that describes— (1) the use of innovative and alternative drinking water systems described in this sec-tion; (2) the range of cost savings for commu-nities using innovative and alternative drinking water systems described in this sec-tion; and (3) the use of drinking water technical as-sistance programs operated by the Adminis-trator and the Secretary of Agriculture. 
SEC. 7114. SMALL SYSTEM TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 1452(q) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(q)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘appropriated’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2003’’ and inserting ‘‘made avail-able for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 7115. DEFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE. 
Section 1401(14) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300(f)(14)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1452’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 1452, 1459A, and 1459B’’. 
SEC. 7116. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR TRIBAL WATER SYSTEMS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1442(e)(7) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–1(e)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘Tribes’’ and inserting ‘‘tribes, including grants to provide training and operator cer-tification services under section 1452(i)(5)’’. (b) I
NDIAN TRIBES .—Section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(i)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Tribes and Alaska Native vil-lages’’ and inserting ‘‘tribes, Alaska Native villages, and, for the purpose of carrying out paragraph (5), intertribal consortia or tribal organizations’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) TRAINING AND OPERATOR CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may use funds made available under this sub-section and section 1442(e)(7) to make grants to intertribal consortia or tribal organiza-tions for the purpose of providing operations and maintenance training and operator cer-tification services to Indian tribes. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—An intertribal consortium or tribal organization eligible for a grant under subparagraph (A) is an intertribal consortium or tribal organiza-tion that— ‘‘(i) is the most qualified to provide train-ing and technical assistance to Indian tribes; and ‘‘(ii) Indian tribes determine to be the most beneficial and effective.’’. 
SEC. 7117. REQUIREMENT FOR THE USE OF AMERICAN MATERIALS. 
Section 1452(a) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(a)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENT FOR THE USE OF AMER -
ICAN MATERIALS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF IRON AND STEEL PROD -
UCTS.—In this paragraph, the term ‘iron and steel products’ means the following products made, in part, of iron or steel: ‘‘(i) Lined or unlined pipe and fittings. ‘‘(ii) Manhole covers and other municipal castings. ‘‘(iii) Hydrants. ‘‘(iv) Tanks. ‘‘(v) Flanges. ‘‘(vi) Pipe clamps and restraints. ‘‘(vii) Valves. ‘‘(viii) Structural steel. ‘‘(ix) Reinforced precast concrete. ‘‘(x) Construction materials. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), funds made available by a State loan fund authorized under this sec-tion may not be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or re-pair of a public water system unless all the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator finds that— ‘‘(i) applying subparagraph (B) would be in-consistent with the public interest; ‘‘(ii) iron and steel products are not pro-duced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a sat-isfactory quality; or ‘‘(iii) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall product by more than 25 percent. ‘‘(D) P
UBLIC NOTICE ; WRITTEN JUSTIFICA -
TION.— ‘‘(i) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this paragraph, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(I) make available to the public on an in-formal basis, including on the public website of the Administrator— ‘‘(aa) a copy of the request; and ‘‘(bb) any information available to the Ad-ministrator regarding the request; and ‘‘(II) provide notice of, and opportunity for informal public comment on, the request for a period of not less than 15 days before mak-ing a finding under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) W
RITTEN JUSTIFICATION .—If, after the period provided under clause (i), the Admin-istrator makes a finding under subparagraph (C), the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a written justification as to why subparagraph (B) is being waived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5774 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(E) A PPLICATION .—This paragraph shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. ‘‘(F) M
ANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT .—The Administrator may use not more than 0.25 percent of any funds made available to carry out this title for management and oversight of the requirements of this paragraph.’’. Subtitle B—Clean Water 
SEC. 7201. SEWER OVERFLOW CONTROL GRANTS. 
Section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking the sub-section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘subject to subsection (g), the Administrator may’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator may— ‘‘(1) make grants to States for the purpose of providing grants to a municipality or mu-nicipal entity for planning, designing, and constructing— ‘‘(A) treatment works to intercept, trans-port, control, or treat municipal combined sewer overflows and sanitary sewer over-flows; and ‘‘(B) measures to manage, reduce, treat, or recapture stormwater or subsurface drainage water; and ‘‘(2) subject to subsection (g),’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2); (3) by striking subsections (e) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), a project that receives grant assistance under subsection (a) shall be carried out sub-ject to the same requirements as a project that receives assistance from a State water pollution control revolving fund established pursuant to title VI. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF GOVERNOR .—The re- quirement described in paragraph (1) shall not apply to a project that receives grant as-sistance under subsection (a) to the extent that the Governor of the State in which the project is located determines that a require-ment described in title VI is inconsistent with the purposes of this section. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, to remain available until expended— ‘‘(1) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(4) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(5) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(g) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) F
ISCAL YEAR 2017 AND 2018 .—For each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, subject to sub-section (h), the Administrator shall use the amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants to municipalities and municipal entities under subsection (a)(2)— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the priority cri-teria described in subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) with additional priority given to pro-posed projects that involve the use of— ‘‘(i) nonstructural, low-impact develop-ment; ‘‘(ii) water conservation, efficiency, or reuse; or ‘‘(iii) other decentralized stormwater or wastewater approaches to minimize flows into the sewer systems. ‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 AND THEREAFTER .— For fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, subject to subsection (h), the Ad-ministrator shall use the amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants to States under subsection (a)(1) in accordance with a formula that— ‘‘(A) shall be established by the Adminis-trator, after providing notice and an oppor-tunity for public comment; and ‘‘(B) allocates to each State a proportional share of the amounts based on the total needs of the State for municipal combined sewer overflow controls and sanitary sewer overflow controls, as identified in the most recent survey— ‘‘(i) conducted under section 210; and ‘‘(ii) included in a report required under section 516(b)(1)(B).’’; and (4) by striking subsection (i). SEC. 7202. SMALL AND MEDIUM TREATMENT WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1281 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 222. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL AND MEDIUM TREATMENT WORKS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) M
EDIUM TREATMENT WORKS .—The term ‘medium treatment works’ means a publicly owned treatment works serving not fewer than 10,001 and not more than 100,000 individ-uals. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED NONPROFIT MEDIUM TREAT -
MENT WORKS TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PRO -
VIDER .—The term ‘qualified nonprofit me-dium treatment works technical assistance provider’ means a qualified nonprofit tech-nical assistance provider of water and waste-water services to medium-sized communities that provides technical assistance (including circuit rider technical assistance programs, multi-State, regional assistance programs, and training and preliminary engineering evaluations) to owners and operators of me-dium treatment works, which may include State agencies. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED NONPROFIT SMALL TREAT -
MENT WORKS TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PRO -
VIDER .—The term ‘qualified nonprofit small treatment works technical assistance pro-vider’ means a nonprofit organization that, as determined by the Administrator— ‘‘(A) is the most qualified and experienced in providing training and technical assist-ance to small treatment works; and ‘‘(B) the small treatment works in the State finds to be the most beneficial and ef-fective. ‘‘(4) S
MALL TREATMENT WORKS .—The term ‘small treatment works’ means a publicly owned treatment works serving not more than 10,000 individuals. ‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Adminis-trator may use amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants or cooperative agreements to qualified non-profit small treatment works technical as-sistance providers and grants or cooperative agreements to qualified nonprofit medium treatment works technical assistance pro-viders to provide to owners and operators of small and medium treatment works onsite technical assistance, circuit-rider technical assistance programs, multi-State, regional technical assistance programs, and onsite and regional training, to assist the treat-ment works in achieving compliance with this Act or obtaining financing under this Act for eligible projects. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) for grants for small treatment works technical assistance, $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021; and ‘‘(2) for grants for medium treatment works technical assistance, $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) WATER POLLUTION CONTROL REVOLVING  L
OANFUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 603 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1383) is amended— (A) in subsection (d)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and as provided in subsection (e)’’ after ‘‘State law’’; (ii) by redesignating subsections (e) through (i) as subsections (f) through (j), re-spectively; and (iii) by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL USE OF FUNDS .—A State may use an additional 2 percent of the funds annually allotted to the State under this section for qualified nonprofit small treat-ment works technical assistance providers and qualified nonprofit medium treatment works technical assistance providers (as those terms are defined in section 222) to provide technical assistance to small treat-ment works and medium treatment works (as those terms are defined in section 222) in the State.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 221(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 603(h)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 603(i)’’. 
SEC. 7203. INTEGRATED PLANS. 
(a) I NTEGRATED PLANS .—Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) I
NTEGRATED PLANPERMITS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) G
REEN INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘green infrastructure’ means the range of measures that use plant or soil systems, per-meable pavement or other permeable sur-faces or substrates, stormwater harvest and reuse, or landscaping to store, infiltrate, or evapotranspirate stormwater and reduce flows to sewer systems or to surface waters. ‘‘(B) I
NTEGRATED PLAN .—The term ‘inte-grated plan’ has the meaning given in Part III of the Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Wastewater Planning Approach Frame-work, issued by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and dated June 5, 2012. ‘‘(C) M
UNICIPAL DISCHARGE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘municipal dis-charge’ means a discharge from a treatment works (as defined in section 212) or a dis-charge from a municipal storm sewer under subsection (p). ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘municipal dis-charge’ includes a discharge of wastewater or storm water collected from multiple munici-palities if the discharge is covered by the same permit issued under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NTEGRATED PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator (or a State, in the case of a permit program ap-proved under subsection (b)) shall inform a municipal permittee or multiple municipal permittees of the opportunity to develop an integrated plan. ‘‘(B) S
COPE OF PERMIT INCORPORATING INTE -
GRATED PLAN .—A permit issued under this subsection that incorporates an integrated plan may integrate all requirements under this Act addressed in the integrated plan, in-cluding requirements relating to— ‘‘(i) a combined sewer overflow; ‘‘(ii) a capacity, management, operation, and maintenance program for sanitary sewer collection systems; ‘‘(iii) a municipal stormwater discharge; ‘‘(iv) a municipal wastewater discharge; and ‘‘(v) a water quality-based effluent limita-tion to implement an applicable wasteload allocation in a total maximum daily load. ‘‘(3) C
OMPLIANCE SCHEDULES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5775 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A permit for a munic-ipal discharge by a municipality that incor-porates an integrated plan may include a schedule of compliance, under which actions taken to meet any applicable water quality- based effluent limitation may be imple-mented over more than 1 permit term if the compliance schedules are authorized by State water quality standards. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—Actions subject to a com-pliance schedule under subparagraph (A) may include green infrastructure if imple-mented as part of a water quality-based ef-fluent limitation. ‘‘(C) R
EVIEW .—A schedule of compliance may be reviewed each time the permit is re-newed. ‘‘(4) E
XISTING AUTHORITIES RETAINED .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE STANDARDS .—Nothing in this subsection modifies any obligation to comply with applicable technology and water quality-based effluent limitations under this Act. ‘‘(B) F
LEXIBILITY .—Nothing in this sub-section reduces or eliminates any flexibility available under this Act, including the au-thority of— ‘‘(i) a State to revise a water quality standard after a use attainability analysis under section 131.10(g) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection), subject to the approval of the Administrator under sec-tion 303(c); and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator or a State to au-thorize a schedule of compliance that ex-tends beyond the date of expiration of a per-mit term if the schedule of compliance meets the requirements of section 122.47 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection). ‘‘(5) C
LARIFICATION OF STATE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in section 301(b)(1)(C) precludes a State from author-izing in the water quality standards of the State the issuance of a schedule of compli-ance to meet water quality-based effluent limitations in permits that incorporate pro-visions of an integrated plan. ‘‘(B) T
RANSITION RULE .—In any case in which a discharge is subject to a judicial order or consent decree as of the date of en-actment of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2016 resolving an enforcement action under this Act, any schedule of com-pliance issued pursuant to an authorization in a State water quality standard shall not revise or otherwise affect a schedule of com-pliance in that order or decree unless the order or decree is modified by agreement of the parties and the court.’’. (b) M
UNICIPAL OMBUDSMAN .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Office of the Administrator an Of-fice of the Municipal Ombudsman. (2) G
ENERAL DUTIES .—The duties of the mu-nicipal ombudsman shall include the provi-sion of— (A) technical assistance to municipalities seeking to comply with the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); and (B) information to the Administrator to help the Administrator ensure that agency policies are implemented by all offices of the Environmental Protection Agency, including regional offices. (3) A
CTIONS REQUIRED .—The municipal om-budsman shall work with appropriate offices at the headquarters and regional offices of the Environmental Protection Agency to en-sure that the municipality seeking assist-ance is provided information— (A) about available Federal financial as-sistance for which the municipality is eligi-ble; (B) about flexibility available under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and, if applicable, the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); and (C) regarding the opportunity to develop an integrated plan, as defined in section 402(s)(1)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (as added by subsection (a)). (4) PRIORITY .—In carrying out paragraph (3), the municipal ombudsman shall give pri-ority to any municipality that demonstrates affordability concerns relating to compli-ance with the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) or the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.). (5) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The municipal ombudsman shall publish on the website of the Environmental Protection Agency— (A) general information relating to— (i) the technical assistance referred to in paragraph (2)(A); (ii) the financial assistance referred to in paragraph (3)(A); (iii) the flexibility referred to in paragraph 3(B); and (iv) any resources related to integrated plans developed by the Administrator; and (B) a copy of each permit, order, or judicial consent decree that implements or incor-porates an integrated plan. (c) M
UNICIPAL ENFORCEMENT .—Section 309 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1319) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) I
MPLEMENTATION OF INTEGRATED  P
LANS THROUGH ENFORCEMENT TOOLS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In conjunction with an enforcement action under subsection (a) or (b) relating to municipal discharges, the Ad-ministrator shall inform a municipality of the opportunity to develop an integrated plan, as defined in section 402(s). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATION .—Any municipality under an administrative order under sub-section (a) or settlement agreement (includ-ing a judicial consent decree) under sub-section (b) that has developed an integrated plan consistent with section 402(s) may re-quest a modification of the administrative order or settlement agreement based on that integrated plan.’’. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and make publicly available a report on each integrated plan developed and implemented through a per-mit, order, or judicial consent decree since the date of publication of the ‘‘Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Wastewater Plan-ning Approach Framework’’ issued by the Environmental Protection Agency and dated June 5, 2012, including a description of the control measures, levels of control, esti-mated costs, and compliance schedules for the requirements implemented through an integrated plan. 
SEC. 7204. GREEN INFRASTRUCTURE PRO-MOTION. 
Title V of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating section 519 (33 U.S.C. 1251 note) as section 520; and (2) by inserting after section 518 (33 U.S.C. 1377) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 519. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGEN-CY GREEN INFRASTRUCTURE PRO-MOTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall ensure that the Office of Water, the Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance, the Office of Research and Development, and the Office of Policy of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency promote the use of green in-frastructure in and coordinate the integra-tion of green infrastructure into, permitting programs, planning efforts, research, tech-nical assistance, and funding guidance. ‘‘(b) DUTIES .—The Administrator shall en-sure that the Office of Water— ‘‘(1) promotes the use of green infrastruc-ture in the programs of the Environmental Protection Agency; and ‘‘(2) coordinates efforts to increase the use of green infrastructure with— ‘‘(A) other Federal departments and agen-cies; ‘‘(B) State, tribal, and local governments; and ‘‘(C) the private sector. ‘‘(c) R
EGIONAL GREEN INFRASTRUCTURE  P
ROMOTION .—The Administrator shall direct each regional office of the Environmental Protection Agency, as appropriate based on local factors, and consistent with the re-quirements of this Act, to promote and inte-grate the use of green infrastructure within the region that includes— ‘‘(1) outreach and training regarding green infrastructure implementation for State, tribal, and local governments, tribal commu-nities, and the private sector; and ‘‘(2) the incorporation of green infrastruc-ture into permitting and other regulatory programs, codes, and ordinance development, including the requirements under consent decrees and settlement agreements in en-forcement actions. ‘‘(d) G
REEN INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION - 
SHARING .—The Administrator shall promote green infrastructure information-sharing, in-cluding through an Internet website, to share information with, and provide tech-nical assistance to, State, tribal, and local governments, tribal communities, the pri-vate sector, and the public regarding green infrastructure approaches for— ‘‘(1) reducing water pollution; ‘‘(2) protecting water resources; ‘‘(3) complying with regulatory require-ments; and ‘‘(4) achieving other environmental, public health, and community goals.’’. 
SEC. 7205. FINANCIAL CAPABILITY GUIDANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
FFORDABILITY .—The term ‘‘afford-ability’’ means, with respect to payment of a utility bill, a measure of whether an indi-vidual customer or household can pay the bill without undue hardship or unreasonable sacrifice in the essential lifestyle or spend-ing patterns of the individual or household, as determined by the Administrator. (2) F
INANCIAL CAPABILITY .—The term ‘‘fi-nancial capability’’ means the financial ca-pability of a community to make invest-ments necessary to make water quality or drinking water improvements. (3) G
UIDANCE .—The term ‘‘guidance’’ means the guidance published by the Administrator entitled ‘‘Combined Sewer Overflows—Guid-ance for Financial Capability Assessment and Schedule Development’’ and dated Feb-ruary 1997, as applicable to the combined sewer overflows and sanitary sewer overflows guidance published by the Administrator en-titled ‘‘Financial Capability Assessment Framework’’ and dated November 24, 2014. (b) U
SE OF MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME .— The Administrator shall not use median household income as the sole indicator of af-fordability for a residential household. (c) R
EVISED GUIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of completion of the National Acad-emy of Public Administration study to es-tablish a definition and framework for com-munity affordability required by Senate Re-port 114–70, accompanying S. 1645 (114th Con-gress), the Administrator shall revise the guidance described in subsection (a)(3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5776 September 15, 2016 
(2) U SE OF GUIDANCE .—Beginning on the date on which the revised guidance referred to in paragraph (1) is finalized, the Adminis-trator shall use the revised guidance in lieu of the guidance described in subsection (a)(3). (d) C
ONSIDERATION AND CONSULTATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION .—In revising the guid-ance, the Administrator shall consider— (A) the recommendations of the study re-ferred to in subsection (c) and any other rel-evant study, as determined by the Adminis-trator; (B) local economic conditions, including site-specific local conditions that should be taken into consideration in analyzing finan-cial capability; (C) other essential community invest-ments; (D) potential adverse impacts on distressed populations, including the percentage of low- income ratepayers within the service area of a utility and impacts in communities with disparate economic conditions throughout the entire service area of a utility; (E) the degree to which rates of low-income consumers would be affected by water infra-structure investments and the use of rate structures to address the rates of low-income consumers; (F) an evaluation of an array of factors, the relative importance of which may vary across regions and localities; and (G) the appropriate weight for economic, public health, and environmental benefits associated with improved water quality. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—Any revised guidance issued to replace the guidance shall be devel-oped in consultation with stakeholders. (e) P
UBLICATION AND SUBMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On completion of the revi-sion of the guidance, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register and submit to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the revised guid-ance. (2) E
XPLANATION .—If the Administrator makes a determination not to follow 1 or more recommendations of the study referred to in subsection (c)(1), the Administrator shall include in the publication and submis-sion under paragraph (1) an explanation of that decision. (f) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section pre-empts or interferes with any obligation to comply with any Federal law, including the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
SEC. 7206. CHESAPEAKE BAY GRASS SURVEY. 
Section 117(i) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1267(i)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL SURVEY .—The Administrator shall carry out an annual survey of sea grasses in the Chesapeake Bay.’’. 
SEC. 7207. GREAT LAKES HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM COORDINATOR. 
The Administrator, acting as the chair of the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, shall appoint a coordinator to work with ap-propriate Federal agencies and State, local, tribal, and foreign governments to coordi-nate efforts to address the issue of harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes. Subtitle C—Innovative Financing and Promotion of Innovative Technologies 
SEC. 7301. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE PUBLIC-PRI-VATE PARTNERSHIP PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 5014(c) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2201 note; Public Law 113–121) is amended by striking ‘‘Any activity undertaken under this section is authorized only to the extent’’ and inserting ‘‘Nothing in this section obli-gates the Secretary to expend funds unless’’. SEC. 7302. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE ASSISTANCE .— Section 5023(b)(2) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3902(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘provide financial assist-ance to carry out’’. (b) P
ROJECTS ELIGIBLE FOR ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5026 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3905) is amended— (A) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘desalination project’’ and inserting ‘‘desalination project, including chloride control’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or a water recycling project’’ and inserting ‘‘a water recycling project, or a project to provide alternative water supplies to reduce aquifer depletion’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (7), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (8), (9), and (10), respec-tively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) A project to prevent, reduce, or miti-gate the effects of drought, including projects that enhance the resilience of drought-stricken watersheds.’’; and (D) in paragraph (10) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘or (7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7), or (8)’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 5023(b) of the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3902(b)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and (8)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7), and (9)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘para-graph (7) or (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (8) or (10)’’. (B) Section 5024(b) of the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3903(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘para-graph (8) or (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (9) or (10)’’. (C) Section 5027(3) of the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3906(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 5026(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5026(8)’’. (D) Section 5028 of the Water Infrastruc-ture Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3907) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1)(E)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 5026(9)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 5026(10)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘section 5026(8)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 5026(9)’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 5026(8)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5026(9)’’. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY AND  P
ROJECT SELECTION .—Section 5028(b)(2)(F) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Inno-vation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3907(b)(2)(F)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (2) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) helps maintain or protect the environ-ment; ‘‘(iii) resists hazards due to a natural dis-aster; ‘‘(iv) continues to serve the primary func-tion of the water resources infrastructure project following a natural disaster; ‘‘(v) reduces the magnitude or duration of a disruptive event to a water resources infra-structure project; or ‘‘(vi) has the absorptive, adaptive, and re-coverable capacities to withstand a poten-tially disruptive event.’’. (d) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Section 5029(b) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
INANCING FEES .—On request of an eli-gible entity, the Secretary or the Adminis-trator, as applicable, shall allow the fees under subparagraph (A) to be financed as part of the loan.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) C
REDIT .—Any eligible project costs incurred and the value of any integral in- kind contributions made before receipt of as-sistance under this subtitle shall be credited toward the 51 percent of project costs to be provided by sources of funding other than a secured loan under this subtitle (as described in paragraph (2)(A).’’. (e) R
EMOVAL OF PILOT DESIGNATION .— (1) Subtitle C of title V of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) is amended by striking the subtitle designation and heading and in-serting the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Innovative Financing Projects’’. (2) Section 5023 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3092) is amended by striking ‘‘pilot’’ each place it appears. (3) Section 5034 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3913) is amended by striking the section des-ignation and heading and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 5034. REPORTS ON PROGRAM IMPLEMEN-TATION.’’. 
(4) The table of contents for the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121) is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to sub-title C of title V and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Innovative Financing Projects’’.; and (B) by striking the item relating to section 5034 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 5034. Reports on program implementa-tion.’’. (f) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) appropriations made available to carry out the Water Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) should be in addition to robust funding for the State water pollution control revolving funds established under title VI of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) and State drinking water treat-ment revolving loan funds established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12); and (2) the appropriations made available for the funds referred to in paragraph (1) should not decrease for any fiscal year. 
SEC. 7303. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE INVEST-MENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) C REATION OF TRUST FUND.—There is es-tablished in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the ‘‘Water Infrastructure Investment Trust Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), consisting of such amounts as may be appropriated to or deposited in such fund as provided in this section. (b) T
RANSFERS TO TRUST FUND.—The Sec- retary of the Treasury (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall deposit in the Fund amounts equal to the fees received before January 1, 2022, under subsection (f)(2). (c) E
XPENDITURES .—Amounts in the Fund, including interest earned and advances to the Fund and proceeds from investment under subsection (d), shall be available for expenditure, without further appropriation, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5777 September 15, 2016 
(1) 50 percent of the amounts shall be avail-able to the Administrator for making cap-italization grants under section 601 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381). (2) 50 percent of the amounts shall be avail-able to the Administrator for making cap-italization grants under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). (d) I
NVESTMENT .—Amounts in the Fund shall be invested in accordance with section 9702 of title 31, United States Code, and any interest on, and proceeds from, any such in-vestment shall be available for expenditure in accordance with this section. (e) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .— Amounts in the Fund may not be made available for a fiscal year under subsection (c) unless the sum of the funds appropriated to the Clean Water State Revolving Fund and the Safe Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Fund through annual capitalization grants is not less than the average of the sum of the annual amounts provided in cap-italization grants under section 601 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381) and section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) for the 5-fiscal-year period immediately preceding such fiscal year. (f) V
OLUNTARY LABELING SYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Administrator of the Food and Drug Administration, manufactur-ers, producers, and importers, shall develop and implement a program under which the Administrator provides a label designed in consultation with manufacturers, producers, and importers suitable for placement on products to inform consumers that the man-ufacturer, producer, or importer of the prod-uct, and other stakeholders, participates in the Fund. (2) F
EE.—The Administrator shall provide a label for a fee of 3 cents per unit. (g) EPA S
TUDY ON WATER PRICING .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Administrator, with par-ticipation by the States, shall conduct a study to— (A) assess the affordability gap faced by low-income populations located in urban and rural areas in obtaining services from clean water and drinking water systems; and (B) analyze options for programs to provide incentives for rate adjustments at the local level to achieve ‘‘full cost’’ or ‘‘true value’’ pricing for such services, while protecting low-income ratepayers from undue burden. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on the Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study. 
SEC. 7304. INNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGY GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (1) a public utility, including publicly owned treatment works and clean water sys-tems; (2) a unit of local government, including a municipality or a joint powers authority; (3) a private entity, including a farmer or manufacturer; (4) an institution of higher education; (5) a research institution or foundation; (6) a State; (7) a regional organization; or (8) a nonprofit organization. (b) G
RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Ad- ministrator shall carry out a grant program for purposes described in subsection (c) to ac-celerate the development of innovative water technologies that address pressing water challenges. (c) GRANTS .—In carrying out the program under subsection (b), the Administrator shall make to eligible entities grants that— (1) finance projects to develop, deploy, test, and improve emerging water tech-nologies; (2) fund entities that provide technical as-sistance to deploy innovative water tech-nologies more broadly, especially— (A) to increase adoption of innovative water technologies in— (i) municipal drinking water and waste-water treatment systems; (ii) areas served by private wells; or (iii) water supply systems in arid areas that are experiencing, or have recently expe-rienced, prolonged drought conditions; and (B) in a manner that reduces ratepayer or community costs over time, including the cost of future capital investments; or (3) support technologies that, as deter-mined by the Administrator— (A) improve water quality of a water source; (B) improve the safety and security of a drinking water delivery system; (C) minimize contamination of drinking water and drinking water sources, including contamination by lead, bacteria, chlorides, and nitrates; (D) improve the quality and timeliness and decrease the cost of drinking water quality tests, especially technologies that can be de-ployed within water systems and at indi-vidual faucets to provide accurate real-time tests of water quality, especially with re-spect to lead, bacteria, and nitrate content; (E) increase water supplies in arid areas that are experiencing, or have recently expe-rienced, prolonged drought conditions; (F) treat edge-of-field runoff to improve water quality; (G) treat agricultural, municipal, and in-dustrial wastewater; (H) recycle or reuse water; (I) manage urban storm water runoff; (J) reduce sewer or stormwater overflows; (K) conserve water; (L) improve water quality by reducing sa-linity; (M) mitigate air quality impacts associ-ated with declining water resources; (N) address treatment byproduct and brine disposal alternatives; or (O) address urgent water quality and human health needs. (d) P
RIORITY FUNDING .—In making grants under this section, the Administrator shall give priority to projects that have the poten-tial— (1) to provide substantial cost savings across a sector; (2) to significantly improve human health or the environment; or (3) to provide additional water supplies with minimal environmental impact. (e) C
OST-SHARING .—The Federal share of the cost of activities carried out using a grant made under this section shall be not more than 65 percent. (f) L
IMITATION .—The maximum amount of a grant provided to a project under this sec-tion shall be $5,000,000. (g) R
EPORT .—Each year, the Administrator shall submit to Congress and make publicly available on the website of the Adminis-trator a report that describes any advance-ments during the previous year in develop-ment of innovative water technologies made as a result of funding provided under this section. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each fis-cal year. (i) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Administrator to provide grants to eligi-ble entities under this section $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. SEC. 7305. WATER RESOURCES RESEARCH ACT AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND DECLARA -
TIONS .—Section 102 of the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10301) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (9) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respec-tively; (2) in paragraph (8) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) additional research is required to in-crease the effectiveness and efficiency of new and existing treatment works through alter-native approaches, including— ‘‘(A) nonstructural alternatives; ‘‘(B) decentralized approaches; ‘‘(C) water use efficiency and conservation; and ‘‘(D) actions to reduce energy consumption or extract energy from wastewater;’’. (b) W
ATER RESOURCES RESEARCH AND TECH-
NOLOGY INSTITUTES .—Section 104 of the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘water-related phenomena’’ and inserting ‘‘water resources’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘From the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—From the’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31 of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives a report regarding the compli-ance of each funding recipient with this sub-section for the immediately preceding fiscal year.’’; (3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) E
VALUATION OF WATER RESOURCES RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a careful and detailed evaluation of each institute at least once every 3 years to determine— ‘‘(A) the quality and relevance of the water resources research of the institute; ‘‘(B) the effectiveness of the institute at producing measured results and applied water supply research; and ‘‘(C) whether the effectiveness of the insti-tute as an institution for planning, con-ducting, and arranging for research warrants continued support under this section. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER SUPPORT .—If, as a result of an evaluation under paragraph (1), the Secretary determines that an insti-tute does not qualify for further support under this section, no further grants to the institute may be provided until the quali-fications of the institute are reestablished to the satisfaction of the Secretary.’’; (4) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘$12,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(1), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘$6,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2007 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5778 September 15, 2016 
SEC. 7306. REAUTHORIZATION OF WATER DESALI-NATION ACT OF 1996. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF RESEARCH AND STUD-
IES.—Section 3 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104– 298) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) development of metrics to analyze the costs and benefits of desalination relative to other sources of water (including costs and benefits related to associated infrastructure, energy use, environmental impacts, and di-versification of water supplies); and ‘‘(9) development of design and siting spec-ifications that avoid, minimize, or offset ad-verse social, economic, and environmental impacts.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
RIORITIZATION .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall prioritize fund-ing for research— ‘‘(1) to reduce energy consumption and lower the cost of desalination, including chloride control; ‘‘(2) to reduce the environmental impacts of seawater desalination and develop tech-nology and strategies to minimize those im-pacts; ‘‘(3) to improve existing reverse osmosis and membrane technology; ‘‘(4) to carry out basic and applied research on next generation desalination tech-nologies, including improved energy recov-ery systems and renewable energy-powered desalination systems that could signifi-cantly reduce desalination costs; ‘‘(5) to develop portable or modular desali-nation units capable of providing temporary emergency water supplies for domestic or military deployment purposes; and ‘‘(6) to develop and promote innovative de-salination technologies, including chloride control, identified by the Secretary.’’. (b) D
ESALINATION DEMONSTRATION AND DE-
VELOPMENT .—Section 4 of the Water Desali-nation Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Pub-lic Law 104–298) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
RIORITIZATION .—In carrying out dem-onstration and development activities under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize projects— ‘‘(1) for the benefit of drought-stricken States and communities; ‘‘(2) for the benefit of States that have au-thorized funding for research and develop-ment of desalination technologies and projects; ‘‘(3) that can reduce reliance on imported water supplies that have an impact on spe-cies listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(4) that demonstrably leverage the experi-ence of international partners with consider-able expertise in desalination, such as the State of Israel.’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 8 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended— (1) in the first sentence of subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$8,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—Section 9 of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In car-rying out’’ in the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘SEC. 9. CONSULTATION AND COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) C ONSULTATION .—In carrying out’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The authorization’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) O
THER DESALINATION PROGRAMS .—The authorization’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) (as des-ignated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL DESALINA -
TION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—The White House Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy shall develop a coordinated strategic plan that— ‘‘(1) establishes priorities for future Fed-eral investments in desalination; ‘‘(2) coordinates the activities of Federal agencies involved in desalination, including the Bureau of Reclamation, the Corps of En-gineers, the United States Army Tank Auto-motive Research, Development and Engi-neering Center, the National Science Foun-dation, the Office of Naval Research of the Department of Defense, the National Labora-tories of the Department of Energy, the United States Geological Survey, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion; ‘‘(3) strengthens research and development cooperation with international partners, such as the State of Israel, in the area of de-salination technology; and ‘‘(4) promotes public-private partnerships to develop a framework for assessing needs for, and to optimize siting and design of, fu-ture ocean desalination projects.’’. 
SEC. 7307. NATIONAL DROUGHT RESILIENCE GUIDELINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Administrator, and other appropriate Federal agency heads along with State, local, and tribal govern-ments, shall jointly develop nonregulatory national drought resilience guidelines relat-ing to drought preparedness planning and in-vestments for communities, water utilities, and other water users and providers, in a manner consistent with the Presidential Memorandum entitled ‘‘Building National Capabilities for Long-Term Drought Resil-ience’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 16053 (March 21, 2016)). (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the na-tional drought resilience guidelines, the Ad-ministrator and other Federal agency heads referred to in subsection (a) shall consult with— (1) State and local governments; (2) water utilities; (3) scientists; (4) institutions of higher education; (5) relevant private entities; and (6) other stakeholders. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The national drought resil-ience guidelines developed under this section shall, to the maximum extent practicable, provide recommendations for a period of 10 years that— (1) address a broad range of potential ac-tions, including— (A) analysis of the impacts of the changing frequency and duration of drought on the fu-ture effectiveness of water management tools; (B) the identification of drought-related water management challenges in a broad range of fields, including— (i) public health and safety; (ii) municipal and industrial water supply; (iii) agricultural water supply; (iv) water quality; (v) ecosystem health; and (vi) water supply planning; (C) water management tools to reduce drought-related impacts, including— (i) water use efficiency through gallons per capita reduction goals, appliance efficiency standards, water pricing incentives, and other measures; (ii) water recycling; (iii) groundwater clean-up and storage; (iv) new technologies, such as behavioral water efficiency; and (v) stormwater capture and reuse; (D) water-related energy and greenhouse gas reduction strategies; and (E) public education and engagement; and (2) include recommendations relating to the processes that Federal, State, and local governments and water utilities should con-sider when developing drought resilience pre-paredness and plans, including— (A) the establishment of planning goals; (B) the evaluation of institutional capac-ity; (C) the assessment of drought-related risks and vulnerabilities, including the integra-tion of climate-related impacts; (D) the establishment of a development process, including an evaluation of the cost- effectiveness of potential strategies; (E) the inclusion of private entities, tech-nical advisors, and other stakeholders in the development process; (F) implementation and financing issues; and (G) evaluation of the plan, including any updates to the plan. SEC. 7308. INNOVATION IN STATE WATER POLLU-TION CONTROL REVOLVING LOAN FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (j)(1)(B) (as redesignated by section 7202(b)(1)(A)(ii)) of section 603 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1383) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) to encourage the use of innovative water technologies related to any of the issues identified in clauses (i) through (iv) or, as determined by the State, any other eli-gible project and activity eligible for assist-ance under subsection (c)’’. (b) I
NNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGIES .—Sec- tion 603 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1383) (as amended by sec-tion 7202(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Adminis-trator may provide technical assistance to facilitate and encourage the provision of fi-nancial assistance for innovative water tech-nologies. ‘‘(l) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, and not less frequently than every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the amount of financial assistance pro-vided by State water pollution control re-volving funds to deploy innovative water technologies; ‘‘(2) the barriers impacting greater use of innovative water technologies; and ‘‘(3) the cost-saving potential to cities and future infrastructure investments from emerging technologies.’’. 
SEC. 7309. INNOVATION IN DRINKING WATER STATE REVOLVING LOAN FUNDS. 
Section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) (as amended by section 7105) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5779 September 15, 2016 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGY .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this sec-tion, in the case of a State that makes a loan under subsection (a)(2) to carry out an eligi-ble activity through the use of an innovative water technology (including technologies to improve water treatment to ensure compli-ance with this title and technologies to iden-tify and mitigate sources of drinking water contamination, including lead contamina-tion), the State may provide additional sub-sidization, including forgiveness of principal that is not more than 50 percent of the cost of the portion of the project associated with the innovative technology.’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘For each fiscal year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NNOVATIVE WATER TECHNOLOGY .—For each fiscal year, not more than 20 percent of the loan subsidies that may be made by a State under paragraph (1) may be used to provide additional subsidization under sub-paragraph (B) of that paragraph.’’; and (D) in paragraph (3), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘, or portion of a service area,’’ after ‘‘service area’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Adminis-trator may provide technical assistance to facilitate and encourage the provision of fi-nancial assistance for the deployment of in-novative water technologies. ‘‘(u) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, and not less frequently than every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the amount of financial assistance pro-vided by State loan funds to deploy innova-tive water technologies; ‘‘(2) the barriers impacting greater use of innovative water technologies; and ‘‘(3) the cost-saving potential to cities and future infrastructure investments from emerging technologies.’’. Subtitle D—Drinking Water Disaster Relief and Infrastructure Investments 
SEC. 7401. DRINKING WATER INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible State’’ means a State for which the Presi-dent has declared an emergency under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) relating to the public health threats associ-ated with the presence of lead or other con-taminants in a public drinking water supply system. (2) E
LIGIBLE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘eligible system’’ means a public drinking water sup-ply system that has been the subject of an emergency declaration referred to in para-graph (1). (b) S
TATE REVOLVING LOAN FUND ASSIST -
ANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible system shall be— (A) considered to be a disadvantaged com-munity under section 1452(d) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)); and (B) eligible to receive loans with additional subsidization under that Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), including forgiveness of principal under section 1452(d)(1) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)(1)). (2) A
UTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Using funds provided under subsection (e)(1)(A), an eligible State may provide assistance to an eligible system within the eligible State, for the purpose of addressing lead or other contaminants in drinking water, including repair and replace-ment of public and private drinking water infrastructure. (B) INCLUSION .—Assistance provided under subparagraph (A) may include additional subsidization under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), as described in paragraph (1)(B). (C) E
XCLUSION .—Assistance provided under subparagraph (A) shall not include assist-ance for a project that is financed (directly or indirectly), in whole or in part, with pro-ceeds of any obligation issued after the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the interest of which is exempt from the tax imposed under chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or (ii) with respect to which credit is allow-able under subpart I or J of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code. (3) L
IMITATION .—Section 1452(d)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(d)(2)) shall not apply to— (A) any funds provided under subsection (e)(1)(A); or (B) any other loan provided to an eligible system. (c) W
ATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCING .— (1) S
ECURED LOANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Using funds provided under subsection (e)(2)(A), the Administrator may make a secured loan under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) to— (i) an eligible State to carry out a project eligible under paragraphs (2) through (9) of section 5026 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3905) to ad-dress lead or other contaminants in drinking water in an eligible system, including repair and replacement of public and private drink-ing water infrastructure; and (ii) any eligible entity under section 5025 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3904) for a project eligible under paragraphs (2) through (9) of section 5026 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3905). (B) A
MOUNT .—Notwithstanding section 5029(b)(2) of the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)(2)), the amount of a secured loan pro-vided under subparagraph (A)(i) may be equal to not more than 80 percent of the rea-sonably anticipated costs of the projects. (2) F
EDERAL INVOLVEMENT .—Notwith- standing section 5029(b)(9) of the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)(9)), any costs for a project to address lead or other contaminants in drinking water in an eligible system that are not covered by a secured loan under para-graph (1) may be covered using amounts in the State revolving loan fund under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). (d) N
ONDUPLICATION OF WORK.—An activity carried out pursuant to this section shall not duplicate the work or activity of any other Federal or State department or agency. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) A
DDITIONAL DRINKING WATER STATE RE -
VOLVING FUND CAPITALIZATION GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall make available to the Admin-istrator a total of $100,000,000 to provide ad-ditional grants to eligible States pursuant to section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12), to be available for a period of 18 months beginning on the date on which the funds are made available, for the pur-poses described in subsection (b)(2), and after the end of the 18-month period, until ex-pended for the purposes described in subpara-graph (C). (B) S
UPPLEMENTED INTENDED USE PLANS .— From funds made available under subpara-graph (A), the Administrator shall obligate to an eligible State such amounts as are nec-essary to meet the needs identified in a sup-plemented intended use plan by not later than 30 days after the date on which the eli-gible State submits to the Administrator a supplemented intended use plan under sec-tion 1452(b) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)) that includes preapplication information regarding projects to be funded using the additional as-sistance, including, with respect to each such project— (i) a description of the project; (ii) an explanation of the means by which the project will address a situation causing a declared emergency in the eligible State; (iii) the estimated cost of the project; and (iv) the projected start date for construc-tion of the project. (C) UNOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—Of any amounts made available to the Adminis-trator under subparagraph (A) that are unob-ligated on the date that is 18 months after the date on which the amounts are made available— (i) 50 percent shall be available to provide additional grants under section 1459A of the Safe Drinking Water Act (as added by sec-tion 7106); and (ii) 50 percent shall be available to provide additional grants under section 1459B of the Safe Drinking Water Act (as added by sec-tion 7107). (D) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 1452(b)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(b)(1)) shall not apply to a supplement to an intended use plan under subparagraph (B). (2) WIFIA 
FUNDING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make avail-able to the Administrator $70,000,000 to pro-vide credit subsidies, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, for secured loans under sub-section (c)(1)(A) with a goal of providing se-cured loans totaling at least $700,000,000. (B) U
SE.—Secured loans provided pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be available to carry out activities described in subsection (c)(1)(A). (C) E
XCLUSION .—Of the amounts made available under subparagraph (A), $20,000,000 shall not be used to provide assistance for a project that is financed (directly or indi-rectly), in whole or in part, with proceeds of any obligation issued after the date of enact-ment of this Act— (i) the interest of which is exempt from the tax imposed under chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or (ii) with respect to which credit is allow-able under subpart I or J of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code. (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—Unless explicitly waived, all requirements under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) and the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) shall apply to funding provided under this subsection. (f) H
EALTH EFFECTS EVALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Pursuant to section 104(i)(1)(E) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(1)(E)), and on re-ceipt of a request of an appropriate State or local health official of an eligible State, the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry of the National Center for Environmental Health shall in coordina-tion with other agencies, as appropriate, conduct voluntary surveillance activities to evaluate any adverse health effects on indi-viduals exposed to lead from drinking water in the affected communities. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—Pursuant to section 104(i)(4) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(4)), and on receipt of a request of an appropriate State or local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5780 September 15, 2016 
health official of an eligible State, the Direc-tor of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry of the National Center for Environmental Health shall provide con-sultations regarding health issues described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 7402. LOAN FORGIVENESS. 
The matter under the heading ‘‘S TATE AND  T
RIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS ’’ under the head-ing ‘‘ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY’’ in title II of division G of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), is amended in paragraph (1), by striking the semicolon at the end and insert-ing the following: ‘‘or, if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply, before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants to provide additional subsidy to eligible re-cipients;’’. 
SEC. 7403. REGISTRY FOR LEAD EXPOSURE AND ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means a city exposed to lead contamination in the local drinking water system. (2) C
OMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Committee’’ means the Advisory Committee established under subsection (c). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (b) L
EAD EXPOSURE REGISTRY .—The Sec- retary shall establish within the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry or another relevant agency at the discretion of the Secretary, or establish through a grant award or contract, a lead exposure registry to collect data on the lead exposure of resi-dents of a City on a voluntary basis. (c) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an Advisory Committee in coordina-tion with the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention and other rel-evant agencies as determined by the Sec-retary consisting of Federal members and non-Federal members, and which shall in-clude— (i) an epidemiologist; (ii) a toxicologist; (iii) a mental health professional; (iv) a pediatrician; (v) an early childhood education expert; (vi) a special education expert; (vii) a dietician; and (viii) an environmental health expert. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Membership in the Committee shall not exceed 15 members and not less than 
1⁄2of the members shall be Fed-eral members. (2) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall designate a chair from among the Federal members ap-pointed to the Committee. (3) T
ERMS .—Members of the Committee shall serve for a term of not more than 3 years and the Secretary may reappoint mem-bers for consecutive terms. (4) A
PPLICATION OF FACA .—The Committee shall be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (5) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Committee shall, at a minimum— (A) review the Federal programs and serv-ices available to individuals and commu-nities exposed to lead; (B) review current research on lead poi-soning to identify additional research needs; (C) review and identify best practices, or the need for best practices, regarding lead screening and the prevention of lead poi-soning; (D) identify effective services, including services relating to healthcare, education, and nutrition for individuals and commu-nities affected by lead exposure and lead poi-soning, including in consultation with, as ap-propriate, the lead exposure registry as es-tablished in subsection (b); and (E) undertake any other review or activi-ties that the Secretary determines to be ap-propriate. (6) REPORT .—Annually for 5 years and thereafter as determined necessary by the Secretary or as required by Congress, the Committee shall submit to the Secretary, the Committees on Finance, Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions, and Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate and the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, and Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (A) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Federal programs and services available to individuals and communities exposed to lead; (B) an evaluation of additional lead poi-soning research needs; (C) an assessment of any effective screen-ing methods or best practices used or devel-oped to prevent or screen for lead poisoning; (D) input and recommendations for im-proved access to effective services relating to healthcare, education, or nutrition for in-dividuals and communities impacted by lead exposure; and (E) any other recommendations for com-munities affected by lead exposure, as appro-priate. (d) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2020— (A) $17,500,000 to carry out subsection (b); and (B) $2,500,000 to carry out subsection (c). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Sec- retary shall be entitled to receive, shall ac-cept, and shall use to carry out subsections (b) and (c) the funds transferred under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), re-spectively, without further appropriation. 
SEC. 7404. ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD HEALTH PROGRAMS. 
(a) C HILDHOOD LEADPOISONING PREVENTION  P
ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, to be available during the period of fis-cal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 for the childhood lead poisoning prevention program authorized under section 317A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–1). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention shall be entitled to receive, shall ac-cept, and shall use to carry out the child-hood lead poisoning prevention program au-thorized under section 317A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–1) the funds transferred under paragraph (1), with-out further appropriation. (b) H
EALTHY HOMES PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 to carry out the Healthy Homes Initiative of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. (2) RECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Sec- retary of Housing and Urban Development shall be entitled to receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out the Healthy Homes Initiative of the Department of Housing and Urban Development the funds transferred under paragraph (1), without further appro-priation. (c) H
EALTHY START PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Adminis-trator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 to carry out the Healthy Start Initiative under section 330H of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–8). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Admin-istrator of the Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration shall be entitled to re-ceive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out the Healthy Start Initiative under section 330H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–8) the funds transferred under paragraph (1), without further appropriation. 
SEC. 7405. REVIEW AND REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations, Environment and Public Works, and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations, Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report on the status of any ongoing investigations into the Federal and State response to the contamination of the drinking water supply of the City of Flint, Michigan. (b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of the investigations de-scribed in subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a review of issues that are not addressed by the investigations and relating to— (1) the adequacy of the response by the State of Michigan and the City of Flint to the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, including the timeliness and transparency of the response, as well as the capacity of the State and City to manage the drinking water system; and (2) the adequacy of the response by Region 5 of the Environmental Protection Agency to the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, including the timeliness and transparency of the response. (c) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after commencing each review under subsection (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a statement of the principal findings of the review; and (2) recommendations for Congress and the President to take any actions to prevent a similar situation in the future and to protect public health. Subtitle E—Report on Groundwater Contamination 
SEC. 7501. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘comprehensive strategy’’ means a plan for— (A) the remediation of the plume under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); or (B) corrective action under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5781 September 15, 2016 
(2) G ROUNDWATER .—The term ‘‘ground-water’’ means water in a saturated zone or stratum beneath the surface of land or water. (3) P
LUME .—The term ‘‘plume’’ means any hazardous waste (as defined in section 1004 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6903)) or hazardous substance (as defined in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601)) found in the ground-water supply. (4) S
ITE.—The term ‘‘site’’ means the site located at 830 South Oyster Bay Road, Bethpage, New York, 11714 (Environmental Protection Agency identification number NYD002047967). 
SEC. 7502. REPORT ON GROUNDWATER CONTAMI-NATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually there-after, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to Congress a report on the groundwater con-tamination from the site that includes— (1) a description of the status of the groundwater contaminants that are leaving the site and migrating to a location within a 10-mile radius of the site, including— (A) detailed mapping of the movement of the plume over time; and (B) projected migration rates of the plume; (2) an analysis of the current and future impact of the movement of the plume on drinking water facilities; and (3) a comprehensive strategy to prevent the groundwater contaminants from the site from contaminating drinking water wells that, as of the date of the submission of the report, have not been affected by the migra-tion of the plume. Subtitle F—Restoration PART I—GREAT LAKES RESTORATION 
SEC. 7611. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIA-TIVE. 
Section 118(c) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)) is amend-ed by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) G
REAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIA -
TIVE.— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Agency a Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Initiative’) to carry out programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and res-toration. ‘‘(B) F
OCUS AREAS .—Each fiscal year under a 5-year Initiative Action Plan, the Initia-tive shall prioritize programs and projects, carried out in coordination with non-Federal partners, that address priority areas, such as— ‘‘(i) the remediation of toxic substances and areas of concern; ‘‘(ii) the prevention and control of invasive species and the impacts of invasive species; ‘‘(iii) the protection and restoration of nearshore health and the prevention and mitigation of nonpoint source pollution; ‘‘(iv) habitat and wildlife protection and restoration, including wetlands restoration and preservation; and ‘‘(v) accountability, monitoring, evalua-tion, communication, and partnership activi-ties. ‘‘(C) P
ROJECTS .—Under the Initiative, the Agency shall collaborate with Federal part-ners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, to select the best combination of programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and restoration using appropriate principles and criteria, including whether a program or project provides— ‘‘(i) the ability to achieve strategic and measurable environmental outcomes that implement the Great Lakes Action Plan and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; ‘‘(ii) the feasibility of— ‘‘(I) prompt implementation; ‘‘(II) timely achievement of results; and ‘‘(III) resource leveraging; and ‘‘(iii) the opportunity to improve inter-agency and inter-organizational coordina-tion and collaboration to reduce duplication and streamline efforts. ‘‘(D) IMPLEMENTATION OF PROJECTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (G)(ii), funds made available to carry out the Initiative shall be used to strategically im-plement— ‘‘(I) Federal projects; and ‘‘(II) projects carried out in coordination with States, Indian tribes, municipalities, institutions of higher education, and other organizations. ‘‘(ii) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—With amounts made available for the Initiative each fiscal year, the Administrator may— ‘‘(I) transfer not more than $300,000,000 to the head of any Federal department or agen-cy, with the concurrence of the department or agency head, to carry out activities to support the Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; ‘‘(II) enter into an interagency agreement with the head of any Federal department or agency to carry out activities described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(III) make grants to governmental enti-ties, nonprofit organizations, institutions, and individuals for planning, research, moni-toring, outreach, and implementation of projects in furtherance of the Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. ‘‘(E) S
COPE.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Projects shall be carried out under the Initiative on multiple levels, including— ‘‘(I) Great Lakes-wide; and ‘‘(II) Great Lakes basin-wide. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—No funds made available to carry out the Initiative may be used for any water infrastructure activity (other than a green infrastructure project that im-proves habitat and other ecosystem func-tions in the Great Lakes) for which amounts are made available from— ‘‘(I) a State water pollution control revolv-ing fund established under title VI; or ‘‘(II) a State drinking water revolving loan fund established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). ‘‘(F) A
CTIVITIES BY OTHER FEDERAL AGEN -
CIES.—Each relevant Federal department or agency shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(i) maintain the base level of funding for the Great Lakes activities of that depart-ment or agency without regard to funding under the Initiative; and ‘‘(ii) identify new activities and projects to support the environmental goals of the Ini-tiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. ‘‘(G) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this paragraph $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this para-graph creates, expands, or amends the au-thority of the Administrator to implement programs or projects under— ‘‘(I) this section; ‘‘(II) the Initiative Action Plan; or ‘‘(III) the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement.’’. 
SEC. 7612. AMENDMENTS TO THE GREAT LAKES FISH AND WILDLIFE RESTORATION ACT OF 1990. 
(a) R EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, wherever in this section an amendment is expressed in terms of an amendment to a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 941 et seq.). (b) FINDINGS .—The Act is amended by striking section 1002 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1002. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds that— ‘‘(1) the Great Lakes have fish and wildlife communities that are structurally and func-tionally changing; ‘‘(2) successful fish and wildlife manage-ment focuses on the lakes as ecosystems, and effective management requires the coordina-tion and integration of efforts of many part-ners; ‘‘(3) it is in the national interest to under-take activities in the Great Lakes Basin that support sustainable fish and wildlife re-sources of common concern provided under the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Ac-tion Plan based on the recommendations of the Great Lakes Regional Collaboration au-thorized under Executive Order 13340 (69 Fed. Reg. 29043; relating to the Great Lakes Inter-agency Task Force); ‘‘(4) additional actions and better coordina-tion are needed to protect and effectively manage the fish and wildlife resources, and the habitats on which the resources depend, in the Great Lakes Basin; ‘‘(5) as of the date of enactment of this Act, actions are not funded that are consid-ered essential to meet the goals and objec-tives in managing the fish and wildlife re-sources, and the habitats on which the re-sources depend, in the Great Lakes Basin; and ‘‘(6) this Act allows Federal agencies, States, and Indian tribes to work in an effec-tive partnership by providing the funding for restoration work.’’. (c) I
DENTIFICATION , REVIEW , ANDIMPLEMEN -
TATION OF PROPOSALS AND REGIONAL  P
ROJECTS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROPOSALS AND RE -
GIONAL PROJECTS .—Section 1005(b)(2)(B) (16 U.S.C. 941c(b)(2)(B)) is amended— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) the strategic action plan of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative; and ‘‘(viii) each applicable State wildlife action plan.’’. (2) R
EVIEW OF PROPOSALS .—Section 1005(c)(2)(C) (16 U.S.C. 941c(c)(2)(C)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Great Lakes Coordinator of the’’. (3) C
OST SHARING .—Section 1005(e) (16 U.S.C. 941c(e)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (4), not less than 25 percent of the cost of implementing a proposal’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—Except as pro-vided in paragraphs (3) and (5) and subject to paragraph (2), not less than 25 percent of the cost of implementing a proposal or regional project’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
IME PERIOD FOR PROVIDING MATCH .— The non-Federal share of the cost of imple-menting a proposal or regional project re-quired under subparagraph (A) may be pro-vided at any time during the 2-year period preceding January 1 of the year in which the Director receives the application for the pro-posal or regional project.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), re-spectively; and (C) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as so redesignated) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5782 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(2) A UTHORIZED SOURCES OF NON -FEDERAL  
SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may deter-mine the non-Federal share under paragraph (1) by taking into account— ‘‘(i) the appraised value of land or a con-servation easement as described in subpara-graph (B); or ‘‘(ii) as described in subparagraph (C), the costs associated with— ‘‘(I) land acquisition or securing a con-servation easement; and ‘‘(II) restoration or enhancement of that land or conservation easement. ‘‘(B) A
PPRAISAL OF LAND OR CONSERVATION  
EASEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The value of land or a conservation easement may be used to sat-isfy the non-Federal share of the cost of im-plementing a proposal or regional project re-quired under paragraph (1)(A) if the Director determines that the land or conservation easement— ‘‘(I) meets the requirements of subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(II) is acquired before the end of the grant period of the proposal or regional project; ‘‘(III) is held in perpetuity for the con-servation purposes of the programs of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service re-lated to the Great Lakes Basin, as described in section 1006, by an accredited land trust or conservancy or a Federal, State, or tribal agency; ‘‘(IV) is connected either physically or through a conservation planning process to the proposal or regional project; and ‘‘(V) is appraised in accordance with clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
PPRAISAL .—With respect to the ap-praisal of land or a conservation easement described in clause (i)— ‘‘(I) the appraisal valuation date shall be not later than 1 year after the price of the land or conservation easement was set under a contract; and ‘‘(II) the appraisal shall— ‘‘(aa) conform to the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP); and ‘‘(bb) be completed by a Federal- or State- certified appraiser. ‘‘(C) C
OSTS OF LAND ACQUISITION OR SECUR -
ING CONSERVATION EASEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—All costs associated with land acquisition or securing a conservation easement and restoration or enhancement of that land or conservation easement may be used to satisfy the non-Federal share of the cost of implementing a proposal or regional project required under paragraph (1)(A) if the activities and expenses associated with the land acquisition or securing the conservation easement and restoration or enhancement of that land or conservation easement meet the requirements of subparagraph (B)(i). ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The costs referred to in clause (i) may include cash, in-kind con-tributions, and indirect costs. ‘‘(iii) E
XCLUSION .—The costs referred to in clause (i) may not be costs associated with mitigation or litigation (other than costs as-sociated with the Natural Resource Damage Assessment program).’’. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF OFFICES .—Section 1007 (16 U.S.C. 941e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ISHERY RESOURCES ’’ and inserting ‘‘F ISH 
ANDWILDLIFE CONSERVATION ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Fishery Resources’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Fish and Wildlife Conservation’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ISHERY RESOURCES ’’ and inserting ‘‘F ISH 
ANDWILDLIFE CONSERVATION ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Fishery Resources’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Fish and Wildlife Conservation’’; (3) by striking subsection (a); and (4) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. (e) REPORTS .—Section 1008 (16 U.S.C. 941f) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; and (B) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Action Plan based on’’ after ‘‘in support of’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) C
ONTINUED MONITORING AND ASSESS -
MENT OF STUDY FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—The Director— ‘‘(1) shall continue to monitor the status, and the assessment, management, and res-toration needs, of the fish and wildlife re-sources of the Great Lakes Basin; and ‘‘(2) may reassess and update, as necessary, the findings and recommendations of the Re-port.’’. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1009 (16 U.S.C. 941g) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$14,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$4,600,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$700,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the ac-tivities of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 1007’’ and inserting ‘‘the activities of the Upper Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Conservation Offices and the Lower Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Conservation Office under section 1007’’. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 8 of the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restora-tion Act of 2006 (16 U.S.C. 941 note; Public Law 109–326) is repealed. PART II—LAKE TAHOE RESTORATION 
SEC. 7621. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 2 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— ‘‘(1) Lake Tahoe— ‘‘(A) is one of the largest, deepest, and clearest lakes in the world; ‘‘(B) has a cobalt blue color, a biologically diverse alpine setting, and remarkable water clarity; and ‘‘(C) is recognized nationally and world-wide as a natural resource of special signifi-cance; ‘‘(2) in addition to being a scenic and eco-logical treasure, the Lake Tahoe Basin is one of the outstanding recreational resources of the United States, which— ‘‘(A) offers skiing, water sports, biking, camping, and hiking to millions of visitors each year; and ‘‘(B) contributes significantly to the econo-mies of California, Nevada, and the United States; ‘‘(3) the economy in the Lake Tahoe Basin is dependent on the conservation and res-toration of the natural beauty and recre-ation opportunities in the area; ‘‘(4) the ecological health of the Lake Tahoe Basin continues to be challenged by the impacts of land use and transportation patterns developed in the last century; ‘‘(5) the alteration of wetland, wet mead-ows, and stream zone habitat have com-promised the capacity of the watershed to filter sediment, nutrients, and pollutants be-fore reaching Lake Tahoe; ‘‘(6) forests in the Lake Tahoe Basin suffer from over a century of fire damage and peri-odic drought, which have resulted in— ‘‘(A) high tree density and mortality; ‘‘(B) the loss of biological diversity; and ‘‘(C) a large quantity of combustible forest fuels, which significantly increases the threat of catastrophic fire and insect infesta-tion; ‘‘(7) the establishment of several aquatic and terrestrial invasive species (including perennial pepperweed, milfoil, and Asian clam) threatens the ecosystem of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(8) there is an ongoing threat to the econ-omy and ecosystem of the Lake Tahoe Basin of the introduction and establishment of other invasive species (such as yellow starthistle, New Zealand mud snail, Zebra mussel, and quagga mussel); ‘‘(9) 78 percent of the land in the Lake Tahoe Basin is administered by the Federal Government, which makes it a Federal re-sponsibility to restore ecological health to the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(10) the Federal Government has a long history of environmental stewardship at Lake Tahoe, including— ‘‘(A) congressional consent to the estab-lishment of the Planning Agency with— ‘‘(i) the enactment in 1969 of Public Law 91–148 (83 Stat. 360); and ‘‘(ii) the enactment in 1980 of Public Law 96–551 (94 Stat. 3233); ‘‘(B) the establishment of the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit in 1973; ‘‘(C) the enactment of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381) in 1980 to provide for the acquisi-tion of environmentally sensitive land and erosion control grants in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(D) the enactment of sections 341 and 342 of the Department of the Interior and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–108; 117 Stat. 1317), which amended the Southern Nevada Public Land Management Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–263; 112 Stat. 2346) to provide payments for the environmental restoration programs under this Act; and ‘‘(E) the enactment of section 382 of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 (Pub-lic Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3045), which amend-ed the Southern Nevada Public Land Man-agement Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–263; 112 Stat. 2346) to authorize development and im-plementation of a comprehensive 10-year hazardous fuels and fire prevention plan for the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(11) the Assistant Secretary was an origi-nal signatory in 1997 to the Agreement of Federal Departments on Protection of the Environment and Economic Health of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(12) the Chief of Engineers, under direc-tion from the Assistant Secretary, has con-tinued to be a significant contributor to Lake Tahoe Basin restoration, including— ‘‘(A) stream and wetland restoration; and ‘‘(B) programmatic technical assistance; ‘‘(13) at the Lake Tahoe Presidential Forum in 1997, the President renewed the commitment of the Federal Government to Lake Tahoe by— ‘‘(A) committing to increased Federal re-sources for ecological restoration at Lake Tahoe; and ‘‘(B) establishing the Federal Interagency Partnership and Federal Advisory Com-mittee to consult on natural resources issues concerning the Lake Tahoe Basin; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5783 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(14) at the 2011 and 2012 Lake Tahoe Fo-rums, Senator Reid, Senator Feinstein, Sen-ator Heller, Senator Ensign, Governor Gib-bons, Governor Sandoval, and Governor Brown— ‘‘(A) renewed their commitment to Lake Tahoe; and ‘‘(B) expressed their desire to fund the Fed-eral and State shares of the Environmental Improvement Program through 2022; ‘‘(15) since 1997, the Federal Government, the States of California and Nevada, units of local government, and the private sector have contributed more than $1,955,500,000 to the Lake Tahoe Basin, including— ‘‘(A) $635,400,000 from the Federal Govern-ment; ‘‘(B) $758,600,000 from the State of Cali-fornia; ‘‘(C) $123,700,000 from the State of Nevada; ‘‘(D) $98,900,000 from units of local govern-ment; and ‘‘(E) $338,900,000 from private interests; ‘‘(16) significant additional investment from Federal, State, local, and private sources is necessary— ‘‘(A) to restore and sustain the ecological health of the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(B) to adapt to the impacts of fluctuating water temperature and precipitation; and ‘‘(C) to prevent the introduction and estab-lishment of invasive species in the Lake Tahoe Basin; and ‘‘(17) the Secretary has indicated that the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit has the capacity for at least $10,000,000 annually for the Fire Risk Reduction and Forest Manage-ment Program. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are— ‘‘(1) to enable the Chief of the Forest Serv-ice, the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Administrator, in cooperation with the Planning Agency and the States of California and Nevada, to fund, plan, and implement significant new environmental restoration activities and for-est management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(2) to ensure that Federal, State, local, regional, tribal, and private entities con-tinue to work together to manage land in the Lake Tahoe Basin; ‘‘(3) to support local governments in efforts related to environmental restoration, stormwater pollution control, fire risk re-duction, and forest management activities; and ‘‘(4) to ensure that agency and science community representatives in the Lake Tahoe Basin work together— ‘‘(A) to develop and implement a plan for integrated monitoring, assessment, and ap-plied research to evaluate the effectiveness of the Environmental Improvement Pro-gram; and ‘‘(B) to provide objective information as a basis for ongoing decisionmaking, with an emphasis on decisionmaking relating to re-source management in the Lake Tahoe Basin.’’. 
SEC. 7622. DEFINITIONS. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 3 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works. ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—The term ‘Chair’ means the Chair of the Federal Partnership. ‘‘(4) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘Compact’ means the Tahoe Regional Planning Compact in-cluded in the first section of Public Law 96– 551 (94 Stat. 3233). ‘‘(5) DIRECTORS .—The term ‘Directors’ means— ‘‘(A) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and ‘‘(B) the Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey. ‘‘(6) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPROVEMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘Environmental Improve-ment Program’ means— ‘‘(A) the Environmental Improvement Pro-gram adopted by the Planning Agency; and ‘‘(B) any amendments to the Program. ‘‘(7) E
NVIRONMENTAL THRESHOLD CARRYING  
CAPACITY .—The term ‘environmental thresh-old carrying capacity’ has the meaning given the term in Article II of the Compact. ‘‘(8) F
EDERAL PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘Federal Partnership’ means the Lake Tahoe Federal Interagency Partnership established by Executive Order 13057 (62 Fed. Reg. 41249) (or a successor Executive order). ‘‘(9) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘forest management activity’ in-cludes— ‘‘(A) prescribed burning for ecosystem health and hazardous fuels reduction; ‘‘(B) mechanical and minimum tool treat-ment; ‘‘(C) stream environment zone restoration and other watershed and wildlife habitat en-hancements; ‘‘(D) nonnative invasive species manage-ment; and ‘‘(E) other activities consistent with For-est Service practices, as the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. ‘‘(10) M
APS.—The term ‘Maps’ means the maps— ‘‘(A) entitled— ‘‘(i) ‘LTRA USFS–CA Land Exchange/ North Shore’; ‘‘(ii) ‘LTRA USFS–CA Land Exchange/West Shore’; and ‘‘(iii) ‘LTRA USFS–CA Land Exchange/ South Shore’; and ‘‘(B) dated January 4, 2016, and on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of— ‘‘(i) the Forest Service; ‘‘(ii) the California Tahoe Conservancy; and ‘‘(iii) the California Department of Parks and Recreation. ‘‘(11) N
ATIONAL WILDLAND FIRE CODE .—The term ‘national wildland fire code’ means— ‘‘(A) the most recent publication of the Na-tional Fire Protection Association codes numbered 1141, 1142, 1143, and 1144; ‘‘(B) the most recent publication of the International Wildland-Urban Interface Code of the International Code Council; or ‘‘(C) any other code that the Secretary de-termines provides the same, or better, stand-ards for protection against wildland fire as a code described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(12) P
LANNING AGENCY .—The term ‘Plan-ning Agency’ means the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency established under Public Law 91–148 (83 Stat. 360) and Public Law 96– 551 (94 Stat. 3233). ‘‘(13) P
RIORITY LIST .—The term ‘Priority List’ means the environmental restoration priority list developed under section 5(b). ‘‘(14) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(15) S
TREAM ENVIRONMENT ZONE .—The term ‘Stream Environment Zone’ means an area that generally owes the biological and physical characteristics of the area to the presence of surface water or groundwater. ‘‘(16) T
OTAL MAXIMUM DAILY LOAD .—The term ‘total maximum daily load’ means the total maximum daily load allocations adopt-ed under section 303(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313(d)). ‘‘(17) WATERCRAFT .—The term ‘watercraft’ means motorized and non-motorized watercraft, including boats, seaplanes, per-sonal watercraft, kayaks, and canoes.’’. 
SEC. 7623. IMPROVED ADMINISTRATION OF THE LAKE TAHOE BASIN MANAGEMENT UNIT. 
Section 4 of the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2353) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘basin’’ and inserting ‘‘Basin’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In conducting forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit, the Secretary shall, as appropriate, coordinate with the Adminis-trator and State and local agencies and orga-nizations, including local fire departments and volunteer groups. ‘‘(B) G
OALS .—The coordination of activi-ties under subparagraph (A) should aim to increase efficiencies and maximize the com-patibility of management practices across public property boundaries. ‘‘(2) M
ULTIPLE BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In conducting forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit, the Secretary shall conduct the activities in a manner that— ‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph (B), attains multiple ecosystem benefits, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) reducing forest fuels; ‘‘(II) maintaining biological diversity; ‘‘(III) improving wetland and water qual-ity, including in Stream Environment Zones; and ‘‘(IV) increasing resilience to changing water temperature and precipitation; and ‘‘(ii) helps achieve and maintain the envi-ronmental threshold carrying capacities es-tablished by the Planning Agency. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A)(i), the attainment of multiple ecosystem benefits shall not be required if the Secretary determines that management for multiple ecosystem benefits would exces-sively increase the cost of a program in rela-tion to the additional ecosystem benefits gained from the management activity. ‘‘(3) G
ROUND DISTURBANCE .—Consistent with applicable Federal law and Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit land and resource management plan direction, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) establish post-program ground condi-tion criteria for ground disturbance caused by forest management activities; and ‘‘(B) provide for monitoring to ascertain the attainment of the post-program condi-tions. ‘‘(d) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and paragraph (2), the Federal land lo-cated in the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit is withdrawn from— ‘‘(A) all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; ‘‘(B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and ‘‘(C) disposition under all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—A conveyance of land shall be exempt from withdrawal under this subsection if carried out under— ‘‘(A) this Act; or ‘‘(B) Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381) (com-monly known as the ‘Santini-Burton Act’). ‘‘(e) E
NVIRONMENTAL THRESHOLD CARRYING  C
APACITY .—The Lake Tahoe Basin Manage-ment Unit shall support the attainment of the environmental threshold carrying capac-ities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5784 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(f) C OOPERATIVE AUTHORITIES .—During the 4 fiscal years following the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Secretary, in conjunction with land adjustment programs, may enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with States, units of local government, and other public and private entities to provide for fuel reduction, erosion control, reforest-ation, Stream Environment Zone restora-tion, and similar management activities on Federal land and non-Federal land within the programs.’’. 
SEC. 7624. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 5 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 5. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, the As-sistant Secretary, the Directors, and the Ad-ministrator, in coordination with the Plan-ning Agency and the States of California and Nevada, may carry out or provide financial assistance to any program that— ‘‘(1) is described in subsection (d); ‘‘(2) is included in the Priority List under subsection (b); and ‘‘(3) furthers the purposes of the Environ-mental Improvement Program if the pro-gram has been subject to environmental re-view and approval, respectively, as required under Federal law, Article VII of the Com-pact, and State law, as applicable. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITY LIST.— ‘‘(1) D
EADLINE .—Not later than March 15 of the year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, the Chair, in consultation with the Sec-retary, the Administrator, the Directors, the Planning Agency, the States of California and Nevada, the Federal Partnership, the Washoe Tribe, the Lake Tahoe Federal Advi-sory Committee, and the Tahoe Science Con-sortium (or a successor organization) shall submit to Congress a prioritized Environ-mental Improvement Program list for the Lake Tahoe Basin for the program categories described in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The ranking of the Priority List shall be based on the best available science and the following criteria: ‘‘(A) The 4-year threshold carrying capac-ity evaluation. ‘‘(B) The ability to measure progress or success of the program. ‘‘(C) The potential to significantly con-tribute to the achievement and maintenance of the environmental threshold carrying ca-pacities identified in Article II of the Com-pact. ‘‘(D) The ability of a program to provide multiple benefits. ‘‘(E) The ability of a program to leverage non-Federal contributions. ‘‘(F) Stakeholder support for the program. ‘‘(G) The justification of Federal interest. ‘‘(H) Agency priority. ‘‘(I) Agency capacity. ‘‘(J) Cost-effectiveness. ‘‘(K) Federal funding history. ‘‘(3) R
EVISIONS .—The Priority List sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be revised every 2 years. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts made avail-able under section 10(a), $80,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out projects listed on the Priority List. ‘‘(c) R
ESTRICTION .—The Administrator shall use not more than 3 percent of the funds provided under subsection (a) for ad-ministering the programs described in para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (d). ‘‘(d) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) F
IRE RISK REDUCTION AND FOREST MAN -
AGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $150,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out, including by making grants, the following programs: ‘‘(i) Programs identified as part of the Lake Tahoe Basin Multi-Jurisdictional Fuel Reduction and Wildfire Prevention Strategy 10-Year Plan. ‘‘(ii) Competitive grants for fuels work to be awarded by the Secretary to communities that have adopted national wildland fire codes to implement the applicable portion of the 10-year plan described in clause (i). ‘‘(iii) Biomass programs, including feasi-bility assessments. ‘‘(iv) Angora Fire Restoration under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. ‘‘(v) Washoe Tribe programs on tribal lands within the Lake Tahoe Basin. ‘‘(vi) Development of an updated Lake Tahoe Basin multijurisdictional fuel reduc-tion and wildfire prevention strategy, con-sistent with section 4(c). ‘‘(vii) Development of updated community wildfire protection plans by local fire dis-tricts. ‘‘(viii) Municipal water infrastructure that significantly improves the firefighting capa-bility of local government within the Lake Tahoe Basin. ‘‘(ix) Stewardship end result contracting projects carried out under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c). ‘‘(B) MINIMUM ALLOCATION .—Of the amounts made available to the Secretary to carry out subparagraph (A), at least $100,000,000 shall be used by the Secretary for programs under subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(C) P
RIORITY .—Units of local government that have dedicated funding for inspections and enforcement of defensible space regula-tions shall be given priority for amounts pro-vided under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition on the re-ceipt of funds, communities or local fire dis-tricts that receive funds under this para-graph shall provide a 25-percent match. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM OF NON -FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal share required under clause (i) may be in the form of cash contributions or in-kind contribu-tions, including providing labor, equipment, supplies, space, and other operational needs. ‘‘(II) C
REDIT FOR CERTAIN DEDICATED FUND -
ING.—There shall be credited toward the non- Federal share required under clause (i) any dedicated funding of the communities or local fire districts for a fuels reduction man-agement program, defensible space inspec-tions, or dooryard chipping. ‘‘(III) D
OCUMENTATION .—Communities and local fire districts shall— ‘‘(aa) maintain a record of in-kind con-tributions that describes— ‘‘(AA) the monetary value of the in-kind contributions; and ‘‘(BB) the manner in which the in-kind contributions assist in accomplishing pro-gram goals and objectives; and ‘‘(bb) document in all requests for Federal funding, and include in the total program budget, evidence of the commitment to pro-vide the non-Federal share through in-kind contributions. ‘‘(2) I
NVASIVE SPECIES MANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $45,000,000 shall be made available to the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the Aquatic Invasive Species Program and the watercraft inspections described in sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .—The Di- rector of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary, the Planning Agency, the Cali-fornia Department of Fish and Wildlife, and the Nevada Department of Wildlife, shall de-ploy strategies consistent with the Lake Tahoe Aquatic Invasive Species Management Plan to prevent the introduction or spread of aquatic invasive species in the Lake Tahoe region. ‘‘(C) CRITERIA .—The strategies referred to in subparagraph (B) shall provide that— ‘‘(i) combined inspection and decontamina-tion stations be established and operated at not less than 2 locations in the Lake Tahoe region; and ‘‘(ii) watercraft not be allowed to launch in waters of the Lake Tahoe region if the watercraft has not been inspected in accord-ance with the Lake Tahoe Aquatic Invasive Species Management Plan. ‘‘(D) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Planning Agency may certify State and local agencies to per-form the decontamination activities de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i) at locations outside the Lake Tahoe Basin if standards at the sites meet or exceed standards for simi-lar sites in the Lake Tahoe Basin established under this paragraph. ‘‘(E) A
PPLICABILITY .—The strategies and criteria developed under this paragraph shall apply to all watercraft to be launched on water within the Lake Tahoe region. ‘‘(F) F
EES.—The Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service may collect and spend fees for decontamination only at a level sufficient to cover the costs of oper-ation of inspection and decontamination sta-tions under this paragraph. ‘‘(G) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any person that launches, attempts to launch, or facilitates launching of watercraft not in compliance with strategies deployed under this para-graph shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $1,000 per violation. ‘‘(ii) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Any penalties assessed under this subparagraph shall be separate from penalties assessed under any other authority. ‘‘(H) L
IMITATION .—The strategies and cri-teria under subparagraphs (B) and (C), re-spectively, may be modified if the Secretary of the Interior, in a nondelegable capacity and in consultation with the Planning Agen-cy and State governments, issues a deter-mination that alternative measures will be no less effective at preventing introduction of aquatic invasive species into Lake Tahoe than the strategies and criteria developed under subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively. ‘‘(I) S
UPPLEMENTAL AUTHORITY .—The au- thority under this paragraph is supplemental to all actions taken by non-Federal regu-latory authorities. ‘‘(J) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this title restricts, affects, or amends any other law or the authority of any department, instrumen-tality, or agency of the United States, or any State or political subdivision thereof, re-specting the control of invasive species. ‘‘(3) S
TORMWATER MANAGEMENT , EROSION  
CONTROL , AND TOTAL WATERSHED RESTORA -
TION.—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $113,000,000 shall be made avail-able— ‘‘(A) to the Secretary, the Secretary of the Interior, the Assistant Secretary, or the Ad-ministrator for the Federal share of stormwater management and related pro-grams consistent with the adopted Total Maximum Daily Load and near-shore water quality goals; ‘‘(B) for grants by the Secretary and the Administrator to carry out the programs de-scribed in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) to the Secretary or the Assistant Sec-retary for the Federal share of the Upper Truckee River restoration programs and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5785 September 15, 2016 
other watershed restoration programs identi-fied in the Priority List established under section 5(b); and ‘‘(D) for grants by the Administrator to carry out the programs described in subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL STATUS SPECIES MANAGE -
MENT .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), $20,000,000 shall be made avail-able to the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the Lahontan Cutthroat Trout Recovery Program.’’. 
SEC. 7625. PROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND AC-COUNTABILITY. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 6 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 6. PROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND AC-COUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM PERFORMANCE AND ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a), not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available to the Sec-retary to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) P
LANNING AGENCY .—Of the amounts de-scribed in paragraph (1), not less than 50 per-cent shall be made available to the Planning Agency to carry out the program oversight and coordination activities established under subsection (d). ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary, the Administrator, and the Directors shall, as appropriate and in a timely manner, consult with the heads of the Washoe Tribe, applicable Federal, State, re-gional, and local governmental agencies, and the Lake Tahoe Federal Advisory Com-mittee. ‘‘(c) C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS ; INTERAGENCY  A
GREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary may enter into interagency agreements with non-Federal interests in the Lake Tahoe Basin to use Lake Tahoe Partnership-Mis-cellaneous General Investigations funds to provide programmatic technical assistance for the Environmental Improvement Pro-gram. ‘‘(2) L
OCAL COOPERATION AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before providing tech-nical assistance under this section, the As-sistant Secretary shall enter into a local co-operation agreement with a non-Federal in-terest to provide for the technical assist-ance. ‘‘(B) C
OMPONENTS .—The agreement entered into under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) describe the nature of the technical as-sistance; ‘‘(ii) describe any legal and institutional structures necessary to ensure the effective long-term viability of the end products by the non-Federal interest; and ‘‘(iii) include cost-sharing provisions in ac-cordance with subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal share of pro-gram costs under each local cooperation agreement under this paragraph shall be 65 percent. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM.—The Federal share may be in the form of reimbursements of program costs. ‘‘(iii) C
REDIT .—The non-Federal interest may receive credit toward the non-Federal share for the reasonable costs of related technical activities completed by the non- Federal interest before entering into a local cooperation agreement with the Assistant Secretary under this paragraph. ‘‘(d) E
FFECTIVENESS EVALUATION AND MONI-
TORING .—In carrying out this Act, the Sec-retary, the Administrator, and the Directors, in coordination with the Planning Agency and the States of California and Nevada, shall— ‘‘(1) develop and implement a plan for inte-grated monitoring, assessment, and applied research to evaluate the effectiveness of the Environmental Improvement Program; ‘‘(2) include funds in each program funded under this section for monitoring and assess-ment of results at the program level; and ‘‘(3) use the integrated multiagency per-formance measures established under this section. ‘‘(e) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than March 15 of each year, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Chair, the Adminis-trator, the Directors, the Planning Agency, and the States of California and Nevada, con-sistent with subsection (a), shall submit to Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the status of all Federal, State, local, and private programs authorized under this Act, including to the maximum extent prac-ticable, for programs that will receive Fed-eral funds under this Act during the current or subsequent fiscal year— ‘‘(A) the program scope; ‘‘(B) the budget for the program; and ‘‘(C) the justification for the program, con-sistent with the criteria established in sec-tion 5(b)(2); ‘‘(2) Federal, State, local, and private ex-penditures in the preceding fiscal year to im-plement the Environmental Improvement Program; ‘‘(3) accomplishments in the preceding fis-cal year in implementing this Act in accord-ance with the performance measures and other monitoring and assessment activities; and ‘‘(4) public education and outreach efforts undertaken to implement programs author-ized under this Act. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN.—As part of the annual budget of the President, the Presi-dent shall submit information regarding each Federal agency involved in the Envi-ronmental Improvement Program (including the Forest Service, the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the United States Geologi-cal Survey, and the Corps of Engineers), in-cluding— ‘‘(1) an interagency crosscut budget that displays the proposed budget for use by each Federal agency in carrying out restoration activities relating to the Environmental Im-provement Program for the following fiscal year; ‘‘(2) a detailed accounting of all amounts received and obligated by Federal agencies to achieve the goals of the Environmental Improvement Program during the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) a description of the Federal role in the Environmental Improvement Program, in-cluding the specific role of each agency in-volved in the restoration of the Lake Tahoe Basin.’’. 
SEC. 7626. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS; UP-DATES TO RELATED LAWS. 
(a) L AKE TAHOE RESTORATION ACT.—The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended— (1) by striking sections 8 and 9; (2) by redesignating sections 10, 11, and 12 as sections 8, 9, and 10, respectively; and (3) in section 9 (as redesignated by para-graph (2)) by inserting ‘‘, Director, or Admin-istrator’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’. (b) T
AHOE REGIONAL PLANNING COMPACT .— Subsection (c) of Article V of the Tahoe Re-gional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3240) is amended in the third sen-tence by inserting ‘‘and, in so doing, shall ensure that the regional plan reflects chang-ing economic conditions and the economic effect of regulation on commerce’’ after ‘‘maintain the regional plan’’. (c) T
REATMENT UNDER TITLE 49, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Section 5303(r)(2)(C) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and 25 square miles of land area’’ after ‘‘145,000’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and 12 square miles of land area’’ after ‘‘65,000’’. SEC. 7627. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) is amended by striking section 10 (as redesignated by sec-tion 7626(a)(2)) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $415,000,000 for a period of 10 fiscal years beginning the first fiscal year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016. ‘‘(b) E
FFECT ON OTHER FUNDS .—Amounts authorized under this section and any amendments made by this Act— ‘‘(1) shall be in addition to any other amounts made available to the Secretary, the Administrator, or the Directors for ex-penditure in the Lake Tahoe Basin; and ‘‘(2) shall not reduce allocations for other Regions of the Forest Service, the Environ-mental Protection Agency, or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. ‘‘(c) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in subsection (d) and section 5(d)(1)(D), funds for activities carried out under section 5 shall be available for obliga-tion on a 1-to-1 basis with funding of restora-tion activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin by the States of California and Nevada. ‘‘(d) R
ELOCATION COSTS.—Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Secretary shall provide to local utility districts 
2⁄3of the costs of relo-cating facilities in connection with— ‘‘(1) environmental restoration programs under sections 5 and 6; and ‘‘(2) erosion control programs under sec-tion 2 of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3381). ‘‘(e) S
IGNAGE .—To the maximum extent practicable, a program provided assistance under this Act shall include appropriate signage at the program site that— ‘‘(1) provides information to the public on— ‘‘(A) the amount of Federal funds being provided to the program; and ‘‘(B) this Act; and ‘‘(2) displays the visual identity mark of the Environmental Improvement Program.’’. 
SEC. 7628. LAND TRANSFERS TO IMPROVE MAN-AGEMENT EFFICIENCIES OF FED-ERAL AND STATE LAND. 
Section 3(b) of Public Law 96–586 (94 Stat. 3384) (commonly known as the ‘‘Santini-Bur-ton Act’’) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(b) Lands’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF ACQUIRED LAND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Land’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ALIFORNIA CONVEYANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the State of Cali-fornia (acting through the California Tahoe Conservancy and the California Department of Parks and Recreation) offers to donate to the United States the non-Federal land de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(i), the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) may accept the offer; and ‘‘(ii) convey to the State of California, sub-ject to valid existing rights and for no con-sideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .— ‘‘(i) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The non-Federal land referred to in subparagraph (A) in-cludes— ‘‘(I) the approximately 1,936 acres of land administered by the California Tahoe Con-servancy and identified on the Maps as ‘Tahoe Conservancy to the USFS’; and ‘‘(II) the approximately 183 acres of land administered by California State Parks and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5786 September 15, 2016 
identified on the Maps as ‘Total USFS to California’. ‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL LAND .—The Federal land re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) includes the approximately 1,995 acres of Forest Service land identified on the Maps as ‘U.S. Forest Service to Conservancy and State Parks’. ‘‘(C) C
ONDITIONS .—Any land conveyed under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) be for the purpose of consolidating Federal and State ownerships and improving management efficiencies; ‘‘(ii) not result in any significant changes in the uses of the land; and ‘‘(iii) be subject to the condition that the applicable deed include such terms, restric-tions, covenants, conditions, and reserva-tions as the Secretary determines nec-essary— ‘‘(I) to ensure compliance with this Act; and ‘‘(II) to ensure that the transfer of develop-ment rights associated with the conveyed parcels shall not be recognized or available for transfer under chapter 51 of the Code of Ordinances for the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency. ‘‘(D) C
ONTINUATION OF SPECIAL USE PER -
MITS.—The land conveyance under this para-graph shall be subject to the condition that the State of California accept all special use permits applicable, as of the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, to the land described in subpara-graph (B)(ii) for the duration of the special use permits, and subject to the terms and conditions of the special use permits. ‘‘(3) N
EVADA CONVEYANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with this section and on request by the Governor of Nevada, the Secretary may transfer the land or interests in land described in subpara-graph (B) to the State of Nevada without consideration, subject to appropriate deed restrictions to protect the environmental quality and public recreational use of the land transferred. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) includes— ‘‘(i) the approximately 38.68 acres of Forest Service land identified on the map entitled ‘State of Nevada Conveyances’ as ‘Van Sick-le Unit USFS Inholding’; and ‘‘(ii) the approximately 92.28 acres of For-est Service land identified on the map enti-tled ‘State of Nevada Conveyances’ as ‘Lake Tahoe Nevada State Park USFS Inholding’. ‘‘(C) C
ONDITIONS .—Any land conveyed under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) be for the purpose of consolidating Federal and State ownerships and improving management efficiencies; ‘‘(ii) not result in any significant changes in the uses of the land; and ‘‘(iii) be subject to the condition that the applicable deed include such terms, restric-tions, covenants, conditions, and reserva-tions as the Secretary determines nec-essary— ‘‘(I) to ensure compliance with this Act; and ‘‘(II) to ensure that the development rights associated with the conveyed parcels shall not be recognized or available for transfer under section 90.2 of the Code of Ordinances for the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency. ‘‘(D) C
ONTINUATION OF SPECIAL USE PER -
MITS.—The land conveyance under this para-graph shall be subject to the condition that the State of Nevada accept all special use permits applicable, as of the date of enact-ment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, to the land described in subpara-graph (B)(ii) for the duration of the special use permits, and subject to the terms and conditions of the special use permits. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION FOR CONVEYANCE OF  
FOREST SERVICE URBAN LOTS .— ‘‘(A) CONVEYANCE AUTHORITY .—Except in the case of land described in paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary of Agriculture may convey any urban lot within the Lake Tahoe Basin under the administrative jurisdiction of the Forest Service. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—A conveyance under subparagraph (A) shall require consideration in an amount equal to the fair market value of the conveyed lot. ‘‘(C) A
VAILABILITY AND USE .—The proceeds from a conveyance under subparagraph (A) shall be retained by the Secretary of Agri-culture and used for— ‘‘(i) purchasing inholdings throughout the Lake Tahoe Basin; or ‘‘(ii) providing additional funds to carry out the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351) in excess of amounts made available under section 10 of that Act. ‘‘(D) O
BLIGATION LIMIT .—The obligation and expenditure of proceeds retained under this paragraph shall be subject to such fiscal year limitation as may be specified in an Act making appropriations for the Forest Serv-ice for a fiscal year. ‘‘(5) R
EVERSION .—If a parcel of land trans-ferred under paragraph (2) or (3) is used in a manner that is inconsistent with the use de-scribed for the parcel of land in paragraph (2) or (3), respectively, the parcel of land, shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available under section 10(a) of the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act (Public Law 106–506; 114 Stat. 2351), $2,000,000 shall be made avail-able to the Secretary to carry out the activi-ties under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4). ‘‘(B) O
THER FUNDS .—Of the amounts avail-able to the Secretary under paragraph (1), not less than 50 percent shall be provided to the California Tahoe Conservancy to facili-tate the conveyance of land described in paragraphs (2) and (3).’’. PART III—LONG ISLAND SOUND RESTORATION 
SEC. 7631. RESTORATION AND STEWARDSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) L ONGISLAND SOUND RESTORATION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119 of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1269) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b), by striking the sub-section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘The Office shall’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) O
FFICE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) continue to carry out the conference study; and ‘‘(B) establish an office, to be located on or near Long Island Sound. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION AND STAFFING .—The Office shall’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Management Conference of the Long Island Sound Study’’ and inserting ‘‘conference study’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (A) through (G), by striking the commas at the end of the subparagraphs and inserting semicolons; (ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) environmental impacts on the Long Island Sound watershed, including— ‘‘(i) the identification and assessment of vulnerabilities in the watershed; ‘‘(ii) the development and implementation of adaptation strategies to reduce those vulnerabilities; and ‘‘(iii) the identification and assessment of the impacts of sea level rise on water qual-ity, habitat, and infrastructure; and ‘‘(K) planning initiatives for Long Island Sound that identify the areas that are most suitable for various types or classes of ac-tivities in order to reduce conflicts among uses, reduce adverse environmental impacts, facilitate compatible uses, or preserve crit-ical ecosystem services to meet economic, environmental, security, or social objec-tives;’’; (C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) develop and implement strategies to increase public education and awareness with respect to the ecological health and water quality conditions of Long Island Sound;’’; (D) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘study’’ after ‘‘conference’’; (E) in paragraph (6)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(including on the Inter-net)’’ after ‘‘the public’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘study’’ after ‘‘con-ference’’; and (F) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) monitor the progress made toward meeting the identified goals, actions, and schedules of the Comprehensive Conserva-tion and Management Plan, including through the implementation and support of a monitoring system for the ecological health and water quality conditions of Long Island Sound; and’’; (3) in subsection (d)(3), in the second sen-tence, by striking ‘‘50 per centum’’ and in-serting ‘‘60 percent’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (i); and (5) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016, and bienni-ally thereafter, the Director of the Office, in consultation with the Governor of each Long Island Sound State, shall submit to Congress a report that— ‘‘(A) summarizes and assesses the progress made by the Office and the Long Island Sound States in implementing the Long Is-land Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan, including an assessment of the progress made toward meeting the performance goals and milestones contained in the Plan; ‘‘(B) assesses the key ecological attributes that reflect the health of the ecosystem of the Long Island Sound watershed; ‘‘(C) describes any substantive modifica-tions to the Long Island Sound Comprehen-sive Conservation and Management Plan made during the 2-year period preceding the date of submission of the report; ‘‘(D) provides specific recommendations to improve progress in restoring and protecting the Long Island Sound watershed, including, as appropriate, proposed modifications to the Long Island Sound Comprehensive Conserva-tion and Management Plan; ‘‘(E) identifies priority actions for imple-mentation of the Long Island Sound Com-prehensive Conservation and Management Plan for the 2-year period following the date of submission of the report; and ‘‘(F) describes the means by which Federal funding and actions will be coordinated with the actions of the Long Island Sound States and other entities. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Adminis-trator shall make the report described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5787 September 15, 2016 
paragraph (1) available to the public, includ-ing on the Internet. ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN.—The President shall submit, together with the annual budg-et of the United States Government sub-mitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information regarding each Federal department and agency in-volved in the protection and restoration of the Long Island Sound watershed, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) an interagency crosscut budget that displays for each department and agency— ‘‘(A) the amount obligated during the pre-ceding fiscal year for protection and restora-tion projects and studies relating to the wa-tershed; ‘‘(B) the estimated budget for the current fiscal year for protection and restoration projects and studies relating to the water-shed; and ‘‘(C) the proposed budget for succeeding fiscal years for protection and restoration projects and studies relating to the water-shed; and ‘‘(2) a summary of any proposed modifica-tions to the Long Island Sound Comprehen-sive Conservation and Management Plan for the following fiscal year. ‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION .—The Administrator shall coordinate the actions of all Federal departments and agencies that impact water quality in the Long Island Sound watershed in order to improve the water quality and living resources of the watershed. ‘‘(2) M
ETHODS .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Administrator, acting through the Director of the Office, may— ‘‘(A) enter into interagency agreements; and ‘‘(B) make intergovernmental personnel appointments. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL PARTICIPATION IN WATERSHED  
PLANNING .—A Federal department or agency that owns or occupies real property, or car-ries out activities, within the Long Island Sound watershed shall participate in re-gional and subwatershed planning, protec-tion, and restoration activities with respect to the watershed. ‘‘(4) C
ONSISTENCY WITH COMPREHENSIVE CON -
SERVATION AND MANAGEMENT PLAN .—To the maximum extent practicable, the head of each Federal department and agency that owns or occupies real property, or carries out activities, within the Long Island Sound watershed shall ensure that the property and all activities carried out by the department or agency are consistent with the Long Is-land Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan (including any related subsequent agreements and plans).’’. (b) L
ONGISLAND SOUND STEWARDSHIP PRO-
GRAM .— (1) L
ONG ISLAND SOUND STEWARDSHIP ADVI -
SORY COMMITTEE .—Section 8 of the Long Is-land Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) is amended— (A) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to— ‘‘(1) the Advisory Committee; or ‘‘(2) any board, committee, or other group established under this Act.’’. (2) R
EPORTS .—Section 9(b)(1) of the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (3) A
UTHORIZATION .—Section 11 of the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); (B) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (a) through (c), re-spectively; and (C) in subsection (a) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘under this section each’’ and in-serting ‘‘to carry out this Act for a’’. (4) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection take effect on Octo-ber 1, 2011. 
SEC. 7632. REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator such sums as are necessary for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 for the implementation of— (1) section 119 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1269), other than subsection (d) of that section; and (2) the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109– 359). (b) L
ONGISLAND SOUND GRANTS .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Admin-istrator to carry out section 119(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1269(d)) $40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. (c) L
ONG ISLAND SOUND STEWARDSHIP  G
RANTS .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Administrator to carry out the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. PART IV—DELAWARE RIVER BASIN CONSERVATION 
SEC. 7641. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Delaware River Basin is a national treasure of great cultural, environmental, ecological, and economic importance; (2) the Basin contains over 12,500 square miles of land in the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania, includ-ing nearly 800 square miles of bay and more than 2,000 tributary rivers and streams; (3) the Basin is home to more than 8,000,000 people who depend on the Delaware River and the Delaware Bay as an economic en-gine, a place of recreation, and a vital habi-tat for fish and wildlife; (4) the Basin provides clean drinking water to more than 15,000,000 people, including New York City, which relies on the Basin for ap-proximately half of the drinking water sup-ply of the city, and Philadelphia, whose most significant threat to the drinking water sup-ply of the city is loss of forests and other natural cover in the Upper Basin, according to a study conducted by the Philadelphia Water Department; (5) the Basin contributes $25,000,000,000 an-nually in economic activity, provides $21,000,000,000 in ecosystem goods and serv-ices per year, and is directly or indirectly re-sponsible for 600,000 jobs with $10,000,000,000 in annual wages; (6) almost 180 species of fish and wildlife are considered special status species in the Basin due to habitat loss and degradation, particularly sturgeon, eastern oyster, horse-shoe crabs, and red knots, which have been identified as unique species in need of habi-tat improvement; (7) the Basin provides habitat for over 200 resident and migrant fish species, includes significant recreational fisheries, and is an important source of eastern oyster, blue crab, and the largest population of the Amer-ican horseshoe crab; (8) the annual dockside value of commer-cial eastern oyster fishery landings for the Delaware Estuary is nearly $4,000,000, mak-ing it the fourth most lucrative fishery in the Delaware River Basin watershed, and proven management strategies are available to increase oyster habitat, abundance, and harvest; (9) the Delaware Bay has the second larg-est concentration of shorebirds in North America and is designated as one of the 4 most important shorebird migration sites in the world; (10) the Basin, 50 percent of which is for-ested, also has over 700,000 acres of wetland, more than 126,000 acres of which are recog-nized as internationally important, resulting in a landscape that provides essential eco-system services, including recreation, com-mercial, and water quality benefits; (11) much of the remaining exemplary nat-ural landscape in the Basin is vulnerable to further degradation, as the Basin gains ap-proximately 10 square miles of developed land annually, and with new development, urban watersheds are increasingly covered by impervious surfaces, amplifying the quan-tity of polluted runoff into rivers and streams; (12) the Delaware River is the longest undammed river east of the Mississippi; a critical component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System in the Northeast, with more than 400 miles designated; home to one of the most heavily visited National Park units in the United States, the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area; and the location of 6 National Wildlife Refuges; (13) the Delaware River supports an inter-nationally renowned cold water fishery in more than 80 miles of its northern head-waters that attracts tens of thousands of visitors each year and generates over $21,000,000 in annual revenue through tour-ism and recreational activities; (14) management of water volume in the Basin is critical to flood mitigation and habitat for fish and wildlife, and following 3 major floods along the Delaware River since 2004, the Governors of the States of Dela-ware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsyl-vania have called for natural flood damage reduction measures to combat the problem, including restoring the function of riparian corridors; (15) the Delaware River Port Complex (in-cluding docking facilities in the States of Delaware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania) is one of the largest freshwater ports in the world, the Port of Philadelphia handles the largest volume of international tonnage and 70 percent of the oil shipped to the East Coast, and the Port of Wilmington, a full- service deepwater port and marine terminal supporting more than 12,000 jobs, is the busi-est terminal on the Delaware River, handling more than 400 vessels per year with an an-nual import/export cargo tonnage of more than 4,000,000 tons; (16) the Delaware Estuary, where fresh-water from the Delaware River mixes with saltwater from the Atlantic Ocean, is one of the largest and most complex of the 28 estu-aries in the National Estuary Program, and the Partnership for the Delaware Estuary works to improve the environmental health of the Delaware Estuary; (17) the Delaware River Basin Commission is a Federal-interstate compact government agency charged with overseeing a unified ap-proach to managing the river system and im-plementing important water resources man-agement projects and activities throughout the Basin that are in the national interest; (18) restoration activities in the Basin are supported through several Federal and State agency programs, and funding for those im-portant programs should continue and com-plement the establishment of the Delaware River Basin Restoration Program, which is intended to build on and help coordinate res-toration and protection funding mechanisms at the Federal, State, regional, and local lev-els; and (19) the existing and ongoing voluntary conservation efforts in the Delaware River 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5788 September 15, 2016 
Basin necessitate improved efficiency and cost effectiveness, as well as increased pri-vate-sector investments and coordination of Federal and non-Federal resources. 
SEC. 7642. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) B
ASIN.—The term ‘‘Basin’’ means the 4- State Delaware Basin region, including all of Delaware Bay and portions of the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Penn-sylvania located in the Delaware River wa-tershed. (2) B
ASIN STATE .—The term ‘‘Basin State’’ means each of the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. (3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. (4) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Foun-dation, a congressionally chartered founda-tion established by section 2 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701). (5) G
RANT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘grant pro-gram’’ means the voluntary Delaware River Basin Restoration Grant Program estab-lished under section 7644. (6) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the nonregulatory Delaware River Basin res-toration program established under section 7643. (7) R
ESTORATION AND PROTECTION .—The term ‘‘restoration and protection’’ means the conservation, stewardship, and enhance-ment of habitat for fish and wildlife to pre-serve and improve ecosystems and ecological processes on which they depend, and for use and enjoyment by the public. (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director. (9) S
ERVICE .—The term ‘‘Service’’ means the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
SEC. 7643. PROGRAM ESTABLISHMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a nonregula-tory program to be known as the ‘‘Delaware River Basin restoration program’’. (b) D
UTIES .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall— (1) draw on existing and new management plans for the Basin, or portions of the Basin, and work in consultation with applicable management entities, including representa-tives of the Partnership for the Delaware Es-tuary, the Delaware River Basin Commis-sion, the Federal Government, and other State and local governments, and regional and nonprofit organizations, as appropriate, to identify, prioritize, and implement res-toration and protection activities within the Basin; (2) adopt a Basinwide strategy that— (A) supports the implementation of a shared set of science-based restoration and protection activities developed in accordance with paragraph (1); (B) targets cost-effective projects with measurable results; and (C) maximizes conservation outcomes with no net gain of Federal full-time equivalent employees; and (3) establish the voluntary grant and tech-nical assistance programs in accordance with section 7644. (c) C
OORDINATION .—In establishing the pro-gram, the Secretary shall consult, as appro-priate, with— (1) the heads of Federal agencies, includ-ing— (A) the Administrator; (B) the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) the Chief of the Natural Resources Con-servation Service; (D) the Chief of Engineers; and (E) the head of any other applicable agen-cy; (2) the Governors of the Basin States; (3) the Partnership for the Delaware Estu-ary; (4) the Delaware River Basin Commission; (5) fish and wildlife joint venture partner-ships; and (6) other public agencies and organizations with authority for the planning and imple-mentation of conservation strategies in the Basin. (d) PURPOSES .—The purposes of the pro-gram include— (1) coordinating restoration and protection activities among Federal, State, local, and regional entities and conservation partners throughout the Basin; and (2) carrying out coordinated restoration and protection activities, and providing for technical assistance throughout the Basin and Basin States— (A) to sustain and enhance fish and wildlife habitat restoration and protection activities; (B) to improve and maintain water quality to support fish and wildlife, as well as the habitats of fish and wildlife, and drinking water for people; (C) to sustain and enhance water manage-ment for volume and flood damage mitiga-tion improvements to benefit fish and wild-life habitat; (D) to improve opportunities for public ac-cess and recreation in the Basin consistent with the ecological needs of fish and wildlife habitat; (E) to facilitate strategic planning to maximize the resilience of natural systems and habitats under changing watershed con-ditions; (F) to engage the public through outreach, education, and citizen involvement, to in-crease capacity and support for coordinated restoration and protection activities in the Basin; (G) to increase scientific capacity to sup-port the planning, monitoring, and research activities necessary to carry out coordinated restoration and protection activities; and (H) to provide technical assistance to carry out restoration and protection activities in the Basin. 
SEC. 7644. GRANTS AND ASSISTANCE. 
(a) D ELAWARE RIVER BASIN RESTORATION  G
RANT PROGRAM .—To the extent that funds are available to carry out this section, the Secretary shall establish a voluntary grant and technical assistance program to be known as the ‘‘Delaware River Basin Res-toration Grant Program’’ to provide com-petitive matching grants of varying amounts to State and local governments, nonprofit organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, and other eligible entities to carry out activities described in section 7643(d). (b) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the organizations described in sec-tion 7643(c), shall develop criteria for the grant program to help ensure that activities funded under this section accomplish one or more of the purposes identified in section 7643(d)(2) and advance the implementation of priority actions or needs identified in the Basinwide strategy adopted under section 7643(b)(2). (c) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project funded under the grant program shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the activity, as determined by the Secretary. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share of the cost of a project funded under the grant program may be provided in cash or in the form of an in-kind contribution of services or materials. (d) ADMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into an agreement to manage the grant pro-gram with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation or a similar organization that offers grant management services. (2) F
UNDING .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement under paragraph (1), the orga-nization selected shall— (A) for each fiscal year, receive amounts to carry out this section in an advance pay-ment of the entire amount on October 1, or as soon as practicable thereafter, of that fis-cal year; (B) invest and reinvest those amounts for the benefit of the grant program; and (C) otherwise administer the grant pro-gram to support partnerships between the public and private sectors in accordance with this part. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement with the Foundation under paragraph (1), any amounts received by the Foundation under this section shall be subject to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), excluding section 10(a) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 3709(a)). 
SEC. 7645. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually there-after, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of this part, including a description of each project that has received funding under this part. 
SEC. 7646. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this part $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022. (b) U
SE.—Of any amount made available under this section for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall use at least 75 percent to carry out the grant program under section 7644 and to provide, or provide for, technical assistance under that program. PART V—COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORATION 
SEC. 7651. COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORA-TION. 
Title I of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 123. COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORA-TION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OLUMBIA RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘Co-lumbia River Basin’ means the entire United States portion of the Columbia River water-shed. ‘‘(2) E
STUARY PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘Es-tuary Partnership’ means the Lower Colum-bia Estuary Partnership, an entity created by the States of Oregon and Washington and the Environmental Protection Agency under section 320. ‘‘(3) E
STUARY PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Estuary Plan’ means the Estuary Partnership Comprehen-sive Conservation and Management Plan adopted by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Governors of Oregon and Washington on October 20, 1999, under sec-tion 320. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Estuary Plan’ includes any amendments to the plan. ‘‘(4) L
OWER COLUMBIA RIVER ESTUARY .—The term ‘Lower Columbia River Estuary’ means the mainstem Columbia River from the Bon-neville Dam to the Pacific Ocean and tidally influenced portions of tributaries to the Co-lumbia River in that region. ‘‘(5) M
IDDLE AND UPPER COLUMBIA RIVER  
BASIN .—The term ‘Middle and Upper Colum-bia River Basin’ means the region consisting of the United States portion of the Columbia River Basin above Bonneville Dam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5789 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(6) P ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the Columbia River Basin Restoration Pro-gram established under subsection (b)(1)(A). ‘‘(b) C
OLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORATION  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish within the Environmental Protec-tion Agency a Columbia River Basin Res-toration Program. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .— ‘‘(i) The establishment of the Program does not modify any legal or regulatory authority or program in effect as of the date of enact-ment of this section, including the roles of Federal agencies in the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(ii) This section does not create any new regulatory authority. ‘‘(2) S
COPE OF PROGRAM .—The Program shall consist of a collaborative stakeholder- based program for environmental protection and restoration activities throughout the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) assess trends in water quality, includ-ing trends that affect uses of the water of the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(B) collect, characterize, and assess data on water quality to identify possible causes of environmental problems; and ‘‘(C) provide grants in accordance with sub-section (d) for projects that assist in— ‘‘(i) eliminating or reducing pollution; ‘‘(ii) cleaning up contaminated sites; ‘‘(iii) improving water quality; ‘‘(iv) monitoring to evaluate trends; ‘‘(v) reducing runoff; ‘‘(vi) protecting habitat; or ‘‘(vii) promoting citizen engagement or knowledge. ‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDER WORKING GROUP .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a Columbia River Basin Res-toration Working Group (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Working Group’). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Membership in the Working Group shall be on a voluntary basis and any person invited by the Administrator under this subsection may decline member-ship. ‘‘(B) I
NVITED REPRESENTATIVES .—The Ad- ministrator shall invite, at a minimum, rep-resentatives of— ‘‘(i) each State located in whole or in part within the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ii) the Governors of each State located in whole or in part with the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(iii) each federally recognized Indian tribe in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(iv) local governments located in the Co-lumbia River Basin; ‘‘(v) industries operating in the Columbia River Basin that affect or could affect water quality; ‘‘(vi) electric, water, and wastewater utili-ties operating in the Columba River Basin; ‘‘(vii) private landowners in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(viii) soil and water conservation districts in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ix) nongovernmental organizations that have a presence in the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(x) the general public in the Columbia River Basin; and ‘‘(xi) the Estuary Partnership. ‘‘(3) G
EOGRAPHIC REPRESENTATION .—The Working Group shall include representatives from— ‘‘(A) each State; and ‘‘(B) each of the Lower, Middle, and Upper Basins of the Columbia River. ‘‘(4) D
UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Working Group shall— ‘‘(A) recommend and prioritize projects and actions; and ‘‘(B) review the progress and effectiveness of projects and actions implemented. ‘‘(5) LOWER COLUMBIA RIVER ESTUARY .— ‘‘(A) E
STUARY PARTNERSHIP .—The Estuary Partnership shall perform the duties and ful-fill the responsibilities of the Working Group described in paragraph (4) as those duties and responsibilities relate to the Lower Co-lumbia River Estuary for such time as the Estuary Partnership is the management con-ference for the Lower Columbia River Na-tional Estuary Program under section 320. ‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—If the Estuary Partner-ship ceases to be the management conference for the Lower Columbia River National Estu-ary Program under section 320, the Adminis-trator may designate the new management conference to assume the duties and respon-sibilities of the Working Group described in paragraph (4) as those duties and responsibil-ities relate to the Lower Columbia River Es-tuary. ‘‘(C) I
NCORPORATION .—If the Estuary Part-nership is removed from the National Estu-ary Program, the duties and responsibilities for the lower 146 miles of the Columbia River pursuant to this Act shall be incorporated into the duties of the Working Group. ‘‘(d) G
RANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a voluntary, competitive Columbia River Basin program to provide grants to State governments, tribal governments, re-gional water pollution control agencies and entities, local government entities, non-governmental entities, or soil and water con-servation districts to develop or implement projects authorized under this section for the purpose of environmental protection and res-toration activities throughout the Columbia River Basin. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Federal share of the cost of any project or activity carried out using funds from a grant provided to any person (including a State, tribal, or local government or interstate or regional agency) under this subsection for a fiscal year— ‘‘(i) shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the project or activity; and ‘‘(ii) shall be made on condition that the non-Federal share of that total cost shall be provided from non-Federal sources. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—With respect to cost- sharing for a grant provided under this sub-section— ‘‘(i) a tribal government may use Federal funds for the non-Federal share; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator may increase the Federal share under such circumstances as the Administrator determines to be appro-priate. ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION .—In making grants using funds appropriated to carry out this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) provide not less than 25 percent of the funds to make grants for projects, programs, and studies in the Lower Columbia River Es-tuary; ‘‘(B) provide not less than 25 percent of the funds to make grants for projects, programs, and studies in the Middle and Upper Colum-bia River Basin, which includes the Snake River Basin; and ‘‘(C) retain for Environmental Protection Agency not more than 5 percent of the funds for purposes of implementing this section. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each grant recipient under this subsection shall submit to the Ad-ministrator reports on progress being made in achieving the purposes of this section. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall establish requirements and timelines for recipients of grants under this subsection to report on progress made in achieving the purposes of this section. ‘‘(5) RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this sub-section limits the eligibility of the Estuary Partnership to receive funding under section 320(g). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds made available under this subsection may be used for the administration of a management con-ference under section 320. ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL BUDGET PLAN.—The President, as part of the annual budget submission of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall submit information regarding each Federal agency involved in protection and restora-tion of the Columbia River Basin, including an interagency crosscut budget that displays for each Federal agency— ‘‘(1) the amounts obligated for the pre-ceding fiscal year for protection and restora-tion projects, programs, and studies relating to the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(2) the estimated budget for the current fiscal year for protection and restoration projects, programs, and studies relating to the Columbia River Basin; and ‘‘(3) the proposed budget for protection and restoration projects, programs, and studies relating to the Columbia River Basin.’’. Subtitle G—Innovative Water Infrastructure Workforce Development 
SEC. 7701. INNOVATIVE WATER INFRASTRUC-TURE WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Adminis-trator shall establish a competitive grant program to assist the development of innova-tive activities relating to workforce develop-ment in the water utility sector. (b) S
ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .—In awarding grants under subsection (a), the Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable, select water utilities that— (1) are geographically diverse; (2) address the workforce and human re-sources needs of large and small public water and wastewater utilities; (3) address the workforce and human re-sources needs of urban and rural public water and wastewater utilities; (4) advance training relating to construc-tion, utility operations, treatment and dis-tribution, green infrastructure, customer service, maintenance, and engineering; and (5)(A) have a high retiring workforce rate; or (B) are located in areas with a high unem-ployment rate. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under subsection (a) may be used for activities such as— (1) targeted internship, apprenticeship, preapprenticeship, and post-secondary bridge programs for mission-critical skilled trades, in collaboration with labor organizations, community colleges, and other training and education institutions that provide— (A) on-the-job training; (B) soft and hard skills development; (C) test preparation for skilled trade ap-prenticeships; or (D) other support services to facilitate post-secondary success; (2) kindergarten through 12th grade and young adult education programs that— (A) educate young people about the role of water and wastewater utilities in the com-munities of the young people; (B) increase the career awareness and expo-sure of the young people to water utility ca-reers through various work-based learning opportunities inside and outside the class-room; and (C) connect young people to post-secondary career pathways related to water utilities; (3) regional industry and workforce devel-opment collaborations to identify water util-ity employment needs, map existing career 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5790 September 15, 2016 
pathways, support the development of cur-ricula, facilitate the sharing of resources, and coordinate candidate development, staff preparedness efforts, and activities that en-gage and support— (A) water utilities employers; (B) educational and training institutions; (C) local community-based organizations; (D) public workforce agencies; and (E) other related stakeholders; (4) integrated learning laboratories embed-ded in high schools or other secondary edu-cational institutions that provide students with— (A) hands-on, contextualized learning op-portunities; (B) dual enrollment credit for post-sec-ondary education and training programs; and (C) direct connection to industry employ-ers; and (5) leadership development, occupational training, mentoring, or cross-training pro-grams that ensure that incumbent water and wastewater utilities workers are prepared for higher-level supervisory or management- level positions. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out this section $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. Subtitle H—Offset 
SEC. 7801. OFFSET. 
None of the funds available to the Sec-retary of Energy to provide any credit sub-sidy under subsection (d) of section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013) as of the date of enact-ment of this Act shall be obligated for new loan commitments under that subsection on or after October 1, 2020. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 8001. APPROVAL OF STATE PROGRAMS FOR CONTROL OF COAL COMBUSTION RESIDUALS. 
Section 4005 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6945) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
TATE PROGRAMS FOR CONTROL OF  C
OALCOMBUSTION RESIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL BY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each State may submit to the Administrator, in such form as the Administrator may establish, evidence of a permit program or other system of prior ap-proval and conditions under State law for regulation by the State of coal combustion residual units that are located in the State in lieu of a Federal program under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a State submits the evidence described in subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall approve, in whole or in part, a permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions submitted under subparagraph (A) if the Administrator determines that the program or other sys-tem requires each coal combustion residual unit located in the State to achieve compli-ance with— ‘‘(i) the applicable criteria for coal com-bustion residual units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), promulgated pursuant to sec-tions 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a); or ‘‘(ii) such other State criteria that the Ad-ministrator, after consultation with the State, determines to be at least as protective as the criteria described in clause (i). ‘‘(C) P
ERMIT REQUIREMENTS .—The Adminis-trator may approve under subparagraph (B)(ii) a State permit program or other sys-tem of prior approval and conditions that al-lows a State to include technical standards for individual permits or conditions of ap-proval that differ from the technical stand-ards under part 257 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), if, based on site-specific conditions, the tech-nical standards established pursuant to an approved State program or other system are at least as protective as the technical stand-ards under that part. ‘‘(D) WITHDRAWAL OF APPROVAL .— ‘‘(i) P
ROGRAM REVIEW .—The Administrator shall review programs or other systems ap-proved under subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(I) from time to time, but not less fre-quently than once every 5 years; or ‘‘(II) on request of any State. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION AND OPPORTUNITY FOR A  
PUBLIC HEARING .—The Administrator shall provide to the relevant State notice and an opportunity for a public hearing if the Ad-ministrator determines that— ‘‘(I) a revision or correction to the permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions of the State is required for the State to achieve compliance with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B); ‘‘(II) the State has not adopted and imple-mented an adequate permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions for each coal combustion residual unit located in the State to ensure compliance with the requirements of subparagraph (B); or ‘‘(III) the State has, at any time, approved or failed to revoke a permit under this sub-section that would lead to the violation of a law to protect human health or the environ-ment of any other State. ‘‘(iii) W
ITHDRAWAL .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall withdraw approval of a State permit pro-gram or other system of prior approval and conditions if, after the Administrator pro-vides notice and an opportunity for a public hearing to the relevant State under clause (ii), the Administrator determines that the State has not corrected the deficiency. ‘‘(II) R
EINSTATEMENT OF STATE APPROVAL .— Any withdrawal of approval under subclause (I) shall cease to be effective on the date on which the Administrator makes a determina-tion that the State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions com-plies with the requirements of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(2) N
ONPARTICIPATING STATES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF NONPARTICIPATING  
STATE .—In this paragraph, the term ‘non-participating State’ means a State— ‘‘(i) for which the Administrator has not approved a State permit program or other system of prior approval and conditions under paragraph (1)(B); ‘‘(ii) the Governor of which has not sub-mitted to the Administrator for approval evidence to operate a State permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions under paragraph (1)(A); ‘‘(iii) the Governor of which has provided notice to the Administrator that, not fewer than 90 days after the date on which the Gov-ernor provides notice to the Administrator, the State relinquishes an approval under paragraph (1)(B) to operate a permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions; or ‘‘(iv) for which the Administrator has withdrawn approval for a permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions under paragraph (1)(D)(iii). ‘‘(B) P
ERMIT PROGRAM .—In the case of a nonparticipating State for which the Admin-istrator makes a determination that the nonparticipating State lacks the capacity to implement a permit program or other sys-tem of prior approval and conditions and subject to the availability of appropriations, the Administrator may implement a permit program to require each coal combustion re-sidual unit located in the nonparticipating State to achieve compliance with applicable criteria established by the Administrator under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(3) APPLICABILITY OF CRITERIA .—The ap- plicable criteria for coal combustion residual units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), promulgated pursuant to sections 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a), shall apply to each coal combus-tion residual unit in a State unless— ‘‘(A) a permit under a State permit pro-gram or other system of prior approval and conditions approved by the Administrator under paragraph (1)(B) is in effect; or ‘‘(B) a permit issued by the Administrator in a State in which the Administrator is im-plementing a permit program under para-graph (2)(B) is in effect. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION ON OPEN DUMPING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B)(i) and subject to subpara-graph (B)(ii), the Administrator may use the authority provided by sections 3007 and 3008 to enforce the prohibition against open dumping contained in subsection (a) with re-spect to a coal combustion residual unit. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL ENFORCEMENT IN APPROVED  
STATE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a coal com-bustion residual unit located in a State that is approved to operate a permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions under paragraph (1)(B), the Adminis-trator may commence an administrative or judicial enforcement action under section 3008 if— ‘‘(I) the State requests that the Adminis-trator provide assistance in the performance of the enforcement action; or ‘‘(II) after consideration of any other ad-ministrative or judicial enforcement action involving the coal combustion residual unit, the Administrator determines that an en-forcement action is likely to be necessary to ensure that the coal combustion residual unit is operating in accordance with the cri-teria established under the permit program or other system of prior approval and condi-tions. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—In the case of an en-forcement action by the Administrator under clause (i)(II), before issuing an order or commencing a civil action, the Adminis-trator shall notify the State in which the coal combustion residual unit is located. ‘‘(iii) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than December 31, 2017, and December 31 of each year thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report that describes any enforcement action com-menced under clause (i)(II), including a de-scription of the basis for the enforcement ac-tion. ‘‘(5) I
NDIAN COUNTRY .—The Administrator may establish and carry out a permit pro-gram, in accordance with this subsection, for coal combustion residual units in Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code) to require each coal combustion residual unit located in Indian country to achieve compliance with the ap-plicable criteria established by the Adminis-trator under part 257 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF COAL COMBUSTION RESID -
UAL UNITS .—A coal combustion residual unit shall be considered to be a sanitary landfill for purposes of subsection (a) only if the coal combustion residual unit is operating in ac-cordance with— ‘‘(A) the requirements established pursu-ant to a program for which an approval is provided by— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5791 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(i) the State in accordance with a pro-gram or system approved under paragraph (1)(B); or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator pursuant to para-graph (2)(B) or paragraph (5); or ‘‘(B) the applicable criteria for coal com-bustion residual units under part 257 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), promulgated pursuant to sec-tions 1008(a)(3) and 4004(a). ‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection affects any authority, regu-latory determination, other law, or legal ob-ligation in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2016.’’. 
SEC. 8002. CHOCTAW NATION OF OKLAHOMA AND THE CHICKASAW NATION WATER SETTLEMENT. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to permanently resolve and settle those claims to Settlement Area Waters of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma and the Chick-asaw Nation as set forth in the Settlement Agreement and this section, including all claims or defenses in and to Chickasaw Na-tion, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11– 927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any future stream adjudication; (2) to approve, ratify, and confirm the Set-tlement Agreement; (3) to authorize and direct the Secretary of the Interior to execute the Settlement Agreement and to perform all obligations of the Secretary of the Interior under the Set-tlement Agreement and this section; (4) to approve, ratify, and confirm the amended storage contract among the State, the City and the Trust; (5) to authorize and direct the Secretary to approve the amended storage contract for the Corps of Engineers to perform all obliga-tions under the 1974 storage contract, the amended storage contract, and this section; and (6) to authorize all actions necessary for the United States to meet its obligations under the Settlement Agreement, the amended storage contract, and this section. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) 1974 
STORAGE CONTRACT .—The term ‘‘1974 storage contract’’ means the contract approved by the Secretary on April 9, 1974, between the Secretary and the Water Con-servation Storage Commission of the State of Oklahoma pursuant to section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), and other applicable Federal law. (2) 2010 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘2010 agree-ment’’ means the agreement entered into among the OWRB and the Trust, dated June 15, 2010, relating to the assignment by the State of the 1974 storage contract and trans-fer of rights, title, interests, and obligations under that contract to the Trust, including the interests of the State in the conservation storage capacity and associated repayment obligations to the United States. (3) A
DMINISTRATIVE SET -ASIDE SUB -
CONTRACTS .—The term ‘‘administrative set- aside subcontracts’’ means the subcontracts the City shall issue for the use of Conserva-tion Storage Capacity in Sardis Lake as pro-vided by section 4 of the amended storage contract. (4) A
LLOTMENT .—The term ‘‘allotment’’ means the land within the Settlement Area held by an allottee subject to a statutory re-striction on alienation or held by the United States in trust for the benefit of an allottee. (5) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘allottee’’ means an enrolled member of the Choctaw Nation or citizen of the Chickasaw Nation who, or whose estate, holds an interest in an allot-ment. (6) AMENDED PERMIT APPLICATION .—The term ‘‘amended permit application’’ means the permit application of the City to the OWRB, No. 2007–17, as amended as provided by the Settlement Agreement. (7) A
MENDED STORAGE CONTRACT TRANSFER  
AGREEMENT ; AMENDED STORAGE CONTRACT .— The terms ‘‘amended storage contract trans-fer agreement’’ and ‘‘amended storage con-tract’’ mean the 2010 Agreement between the City, the Trust, and the OWRB, as amended, as provided by the Settlement Agreement and this section. (8) A
TOKA AND SARDIS CONSERVATION  
PROJECTS FUND .—The term ‘‘Atoka and Sar-dis Conservation Projects Fund’’ means the Atoka and Sardis Conservation Projects Fund established, funded, and managed in accordance with the Settlement Agreement. (9) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means the City of Oklahoma City, or the City and the Trust acting jointly, as applicable. (10) C
ITY PERMIT .—The term ‘‘City permit’’ means any permit issued to the City by the OWRB pursuant to the amended permit ap-plication and consistent with the Settlement Agreement. (11) C
ONSERVATION STORAGE CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘conservation storage capacity’’ means the total storage space as stated in the 1974 storage contract in Sardis Lake between ele-vations 599.0 feet above mean sea level and 542.0 feet above mean sea level, which is esti-mated to contain 297,200 acre-feet of water after adjustment for sediment deposits, and which may be used for municipal and indus-trial water supply, fish and wildlife, and recreation. (12) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date on which the Secretary of the Interior publishes in the Federal Register a notice certifying that the conditions of subsection (i) have been satis-fied. (13) F
UTURE USE STORAGE .—The term ‘‘fu-ture use storage’’ means that portion of the conservation storage capacity that was des-ignated by the 1974 Contract to be utilized for future water use storage and was esti-mated to contain 155,500 acre feet of water after adjustment for sediment deposits, or 52.322 percent of the conservation storage ca-pacity. (14) N
ATIONS .—The term ‘‘Nations’’ means, collectively, the Choctaw Nation of Okla-homa (‘‘Choctaw Nation’’) and the Chicka-saw Nation. (15) OWRB.—The term ‘‘OWRB’’ means the Oklahoma Water Resources Board. (16) S
ARDIS LAKE .—The term ‘‘Sardis Lake’’ means the reservoir, formerly known as Clayton Lake, whose dam is located in Sec-tion 19, Township 2 North, Range 19 East of the Indian Meridian, Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, the construction, operation, and maintenance of which was authorized by sec-tion 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187). (17) S
ETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Settlement Agreement’’ means the settle-ment agreement as approved by the Nations, the State, the City, and the Trust effective August 22, 2016, as revised to conform with this section, as applicable. (18) S
ETTLEMENT AREA .—The term ‘‘settle-ment area’’ means— (A) the area lying between— (i) the South Canadian River and Arkansas River to the north; (ii) the Oklahoma–Texas State line to the south; (iii) the Oklahoma–Arkansas State line to the east; and (iv) the 98th Meridian to the west; and (B) the area depicted in Exhibit 1 to the Settlement Agreement and generally includ-ing the following counties, or portions of, in the State: (i) Atoka. (ii) Bryan. (iii) Carter. (iv) Choctaw. (v) Coal. (vi) Garvin. (vii) Grady. (viii) McClain. (ix) Murray. (x) Haskell. (xi) Hughes. (xii) Jefferson. (xiii) Johnston. (xiv) Latimer. (xv) LeFlore. (xvi) Love. (xvii) Marshall. (xviii) McCurtain. (xix) Pittsburgh. (xx) Pontotoc. (xxi) Pushmataha. (xxii) Stephens. (19) SETTLEMENT AREA WATERS .—The term ‘‘settlement area waters’’ means the waters located— (A) within the settlement area; and (B) within a basin depicted in Exhibit 10 to the Settlement Agreement, including any of the following basins as denominated in the 2012 Update of the Oklahoma Comprehensive Water Plan: (i) Beaver Creek (24, 25, and 26). (ii) Blue (11 and 12). (iii) Clear Boggy (9). (iv) Kiamichi (5 and 6). (v) Lower Arkansas (46 and 47). (vi) Lower Canadian (48, 56, 57, and 58). (vii) Lower Little (2). (viii) Lower Washita (14). (ix) Mountain Fork (4). (x) Middle Washita (15 and 16). (xi) Mud Creek (23). (xii) Muddy Boggy (7 and 8). (xiii) Poteau (44 and 45). (xiv) Red River Mainstem (1, 10, 13, and 21). (xv) Upper Little (3). (xvi) Walnut Bayou (22). (20) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Oklahoma. (21) T
RUST .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Trust’’ means the Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust, formerly known as the Oklahoma City Mu-nicipal Improvement Authority, a public trust established pursuant to State law with the City as the beneficiary. (B) R
EFERENCES .—A reference in this sec-tion to ‘‘Trust’’ shall refer to the Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust, acting severally. (c) A
PPROVAL OF THE SETTLEMENT AGREE -
MENT .— (1) R
ATIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as modified by this section, and to the extent the Settle-ment Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Settlement Agreement is au-thorized, ratified, and confirmed. (B) A
MENDMENTS .—If an amendment is exe-cuted to make the Settlement Agreement consistent with this section, the amendment is also authorized, ratified and confirmed to the extent the amendment is consistent with this section. (2) E
XECUTION OF SETTLEMENT AGREE -
MENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent the Settle-ment Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall promptly execute the Settlement Agree-ment, including all exhibits to or parts of the Settlement Agreement requiring the sig-nature of the Secretary of the Interior and any amendments necessary to make the Set-tlement Agreement consistent with this sec-tion. (B) N
OT A MAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .—Execu- tion of the Settlement Agreement by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5792 September 15, 2016 
Secretary of the Interior under this sub-section shall not constitute a major Federal action under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (d) A
PPROVAL OF THE AMENDED STORAGE  C
ONTRACT AND 1974 S TORAGE CONTRACT .— (1) R
ATIFICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except to the extent any provision of the amended storage contract conflicts with any provision of this section, the amended storage contract is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (B) 1974 
STORAGE CONTRACT .—To the extent the amended storage contract, as authorized, ratified, and confirmed, modifies or amends the 1974 storage contract, the modification or amendment to the 1974 storage contract is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (C) A
MENDMENTS .—To the extent an amendment is executed to make the amend-ed storage contract consistent with this sec-tion, the amendment is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (2) A
PPROVAL BY THE SECRETARY .—After the State and the City execute the amended storage contract, the Secretary shall ap-prove the amended storage contract. (3) M
ODIFICATION OF SEPTEMBER 11 , 2009, 
ORDER IN UNITED STATES V . OKLAHOMA WATER  
RESOURCES BOARD , CIV 98 –00521 (N .D. OK).—The Secretary, through counsel, shall cooperate and work with the State to file any motion and proposed order to modify or amend the order of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma dated September 11, 2009, necessary to conform the order to the amended storage contract trans-fer agreement, the Settlement Agreement, and this section. (4) C
ONSERVATION STORAGE CAPACITY .—The allocation of the use of the conservation storage capacity in Sardis Lake for adminis-trative set-aside subcontracts, City water supply, and fish and wildlife and recreation as provided by the amended storage contract is authorized, ratified and approved. (5) A
CTIVATION ; WAIVER .— (A) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (i) the earliest possible activation of any increment of future use storage in Sardis Lake will not occur until after 2050; and (ii) the obligation to make annual pay-ments for the Sardis future use storage oper-ation, maintenance and replacement costs, capital costs, or interest attributable to Sar-dis future use storage only arises if, and only to the extent, that an increment of Sardis future use storage is activated by with-drawal or release of water from the future use storage that is authorized by the user for a consumptive use of water. (B) W
AIVER OF OBLIGATIONS FOR STORAGE  
THAT IS NOT ACTIVATED .—Notwithstanding section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), section 203 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187), the 1974 storage contract, or any other provision of law, effective as of January 1, 2050— (i) the entirety of any repayment obliga-tions (including interest), relating to that portion of conservation storage capacity al-located by the 1974 storage contract to fu-ture use storage in Sardis Lake is waived and shall be considered nonreimbursable; and (ii) any obligation of the State and, on exe-cution and approval of the amended storage contract, of the City and the Trust, under the 1974 storage contract regarding capital costs and any operation, maintenance, and replacement costs and interest otherwise at-tributable to future use storage in Sardis Lake is waived and shall be nonreimburs-able, if by January 1, 2050, the right to future use storage is not activated by the with-drawal or release of water from future use storage for an authorized consumptive use of water. (6) CONSISTENT WITH AUTHORIZED PURPOSES ; 
NO MAJOR OPERATIONAL CHANGE .— (A) C
ONSISTENT WITH AUTHORIZED PUR -
POSE.—The amended storage contract, the approval of the Secretary of the amended storage contract, and the waiver of future use storage under paragraph (5)— (i) are deemed consistent with the author-ized purposes for Sardis Lake as described in section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1187) and do not affect the authorized purposes for which the project was authorized, surveyed, planned, and constructed; and (ii) shall not constitute a reallocation of storage. (B) N
O MAJOR OPERATIONAL CHANGE .—The amended storage contract, the approval of the Secretary of the amended storage con-tract, and the waiver of future use storage under paragraph (5) shall not constitute a major operational change under section 301(e) of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b(e)). (7) N
O FURTHER AUTHORIZATION REQUIRED .— This section shall be considered sufficient and complete authorization, without further study or analysis, for— (A) the Secretary to approve the amended storage contract; and (B) after approval under subparagraph (A), the Corps of Engineers to manage storage in Sardis Lake pursuant to and in accordance with the 1974 storage contract, the amended storage contract, and the Settlement Agree-ment. (e) S
ETTLEMENT AREAWATERS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) pursuant to the Atoka Agreement as ratified by section 29 of the Act of June 28, 1898 (30 Stat. 505, chapter 517) (as modified by the Act of July 1, 1902 (32 Stat. 641, chapter 1362)), the Nations issued patents to their re-spective tribal members and citizens and thereby conveyed to individual Choctaws and Chickasaws, all right, title, and interest in and to land that was possessed by the Na-tions, other than certain mineral rights; and (B) when title passed from the Nations to their respective tribal members and citizens, the Nations did not convey and those indi-viduals did not receive any right of regu-latory or sovereign authority, including with respect to water. (2) P
ERMITTING , ALLOCATION , AND ADMINIS -
TRATION OF SETTLEMENT AREA WATERS PURSU -
ANT TO THE SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—Begin- ning on the enforceability date, settlement area waters shall be permitted, allocated, and administered by the OWRB in accord-ance with the Settlement Agreement and this section. (3) C
HOCTAW NATION AND CHICKASAW NA -
TION.—Beginning on the enforceability date, the Nations shall have the right to use and to develop the right to use settlement area waters only in accordance with the Settle-ment Agreement and this section. (4) W
AIVER AND DELEGATION BY NATIONS .—In addition to the waivers under subsection (h), the Nations, on their own behalf, shall per-manently delegate to the State any regu-latory authority each Nation may possess over water rights on allotments, which the State shall exercise in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this subsection. (5) R
IGHT TO USE WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may use water on an allotment in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this sub-section. (B) S
URFACE WATER USE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may divert and use, on the allotment of the allottee, 6 acre-feet per year of surface water per 160 acres, to be used solely for domestic uses on an allotment that constitutes riparian land under applicable State law as of the date of enactment of this Act. (ii) EFFECT OF STATE LAW .—The use of sur-face water described in clause (i) shall be subject to all rights and protections of State law, as of the date of enactment of this Act, including all protections against loss for nonuse. (iii) N
O PERMIT REQUIRED .—An allottee may divert water under this subsection without a permit or any other authorization from the OWRB. (C) G
ROUNDWATER USE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An allottee may drill wells on the allotment of the allottee to take and use for domestic uses the greater of— (I) 5 acre-feet per year; or (II) any greater quantity allowed under State law. (ii) E
FFECT OF STATE LAW .—The ground-water use described in clause (i) shall be sub-ject to all rights and protections of State law, as of the date of enactment of this Act, including all protections against loss for nonuse. (iii) N
O PERMIT REQUIRED .—An allottee may drill wells and use water under this sub-section without a permit or any other au-thorization from the OWRB. (D) F
UTURE CHANGES IN STATE LAW .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If State law changes to limit use of water to a quantity that is less than the applicable quantity specified in subparagraph (B) or (C), as applicable, an al-lottee shall retain the right to use water in accord with those subparagraphs, subject to paragraphs (6)(B)(iv) and (7). (ii) O
PPORTUNITY TO BE HEARD .—Prior to taking any action to limit the use of water by an individual, the OWRB shall provide to the individual an opportunity to dem-onstrate that the individual is— (I) an allottee; and (II) using water on the allotment pursuant to and in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this section. (6) A
LLOTTEE OPTIONS FOR ADDITIONAL  
WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To use a quantity of water in excess of the quantities provided under paragraph (5), an allottee shall— (i) file an action under subparagraph (B); or (ii) apply to the OWRB for a permit pursu-ant to, and in accordance with, State law. (B) D
ETERMINATION IN FEDERAL DISTRICT  
COURT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In lieu of applying to the OWRB for a permit to use more water than is allowed under paragraph (5), an allottee may, after written notice to the OWRB, file an action in the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma for de-termination of the right to water of the al-lottee. (ii) J
URISDICTION .—For purposes of this subsection— (I) the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma shall have ju-risdiction; and (II) the waivers of immunity under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (j)(2) shall apply. (iii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An allottee filing an action pursuant to this subparagraph shall— (I) join the OWRB as a party; and (II) publish notice in a newspaper of gen-eral circulation within the Settlement Area Hydrologic Basin for 2 consecutive weeks, with the first publication appearing not later than 30 days after the date on which the ac-tion is filed. (iv) D
ETERMINATION FINAL .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), if an allottee elects to have the rights of the allottee determined pursuant to this sub-paragraph, the determination shall be final as to any rights under Federal law and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5793 September 15, 2016 
lieu of any rights to use water on an allot-ment as provided in paragraph (5). (II) R
ESERVATION OF RIGHTS .—Subclause (I) shall not preclude an allottee from— (aa) applying to the OWRB for water rights pursuant to State law; or (bb) using any rights allowed by State law that do not require a permit from the OWRB. (7) OWRB 
ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCE -
MENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If an allottee exercises any right under paragraph (5) or has rights determined under paragraph (6)(B), the OWRB shall have jurisdiction to administer those rights. (B) C
HALLENGES .—An allottee may chal-lenge OWRB administration of rights deter-mined under this paragraph, in the United States District Court for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma. (8) P
RIOR EXISTING STATE LAW RIGHTS .— Water rights held by an allottee as of the en-forceability date pursuant to a permit issued by the OWRB shall be governed by the terms of that permit and applicable State law (in-cluding regulations). (f) C
ITY PERMIT FOR APPROPRIATION OF  S
TREAM WATER FROM THE KIAMICHI RIVER.— The City permit shall be processed, evalu-ated, issued, and administered consistent with and in accordance with the Settlement Agreement and this section. (g) S
ETTLEMENT COMMISSION .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Settlement Commission. (2) M
EMBERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Commis-sion shall be comprised of 5 members, ap-pointed as follows: (i) 1 by the Governor of the State. (ii) 1 by the Attorney General of the State. (iii) 1 by the Chief of the Choctaw Nation. (iv) 1 by the Governor of the Chickasaw Nation. (v) 1 by agreement of the members de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv). (B) J
OINTLY APPOINTED MEMBER .—If the members described in clauses (i) through (iv) of subparagraph (A) do not agree on a mem-ber appointed pursuant to subparagraph (A)(v)— (i) the members shall submit to the Chief Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, a list of not less than 3 persons; and (ii) from the list under clause (i), the Chief Judge shall make the appointment. (C) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The initial ap-pointments to the Settlement Commission shall be made not later than 90 days after the enforceability date. (3) M
EMBER TERMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Settlement Com-mission member shall serve at the pleasure of appointing authority. (B) C
OMPENSATION .—A member of the Set-tlement Commission shall serve without compensation, but an appointing authority may reimburse the member appointed by the entity for costs associated with service on the Settlement Commission. (C) V
ACANCIES .—If a member of the Settle-ment Commission is removed or resigns, the appointing authority shall appoint the re-placement member. (D) J
OINTLY APPOINTED MEMBER .—The member of the Settlement Commission de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(v) may be re-moved or replaced by a majority vote of the Settlement Commission based on a failure of the member to carry out the duties of the member. (4) D
UTIES .—The duties and authority of the Settlement Commission shall be set forth in the Settlement Agreement, and the Settlement Commission shall not possess or exercise any duty or authority not stated in the Settlement Agreement. (h) WAIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS .— (1) C
LAIMS BY THE NATIONS AND THE UNITED  
STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR THE NATIONS .—Sub- ject to the retention of rights and claims provided in paragraph (3) and except to the extent that rights are recognized in the Set-tlement Agreement or this section, the Na-tions and the United States, acting as a trustee for the Nations, shall execute a waiv-er and release of— (A) all of the following claims asserted or which could have been asserted in any pro-ceeding filed or that could have been filed during the period ending on the enforce-ability date, including Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11–927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication, relating to— (i) claims to the ownership of water in the State; (ii) claims to water rights and rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (iii) claims to authority over the alloca-tion and management of water and adminis-tration of water rights, including authority over third-party ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State and ownership or use of water on allotments by allottees or any other person using water on an allotment with the permission of an allottee; (iv) claims that the State lacks authority over the allocation and management of water and administration of water rights, in-cluding authority over the ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (v) any other claim relating to the owner-ship of water, regulation of water, or author-ized diversion, storage, or use of water di-verted or taken from a location within the State, which claim is based on the status of the Chickasaw Nation or the Choctaw Nation as a federally recognized Indian tribe; and (vi) claims or defenses asserted or which could have been asserted in Chickasaw Na-tion, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11– 927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication; (B) all claims for damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to any action by the State, the OWRB, or any water user authorized pursuant to State law to take or use water in the State, including the City, that accrued during the period end-ing on the enforceability date; (C) all claims and objections relating to the amended permit application, and the City permit, including— (i) all claims regarding regulatory control over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to the permit application and permit; and (ii) all claims for damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or rights to use water, or claims of interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the dam-ages, losses, injuries, interference with, di-version, storage, taking, or use of water) at-tributable to the issuance and lawful exer-cise of the City permit; (D) all claims to regulatory control over the Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 of the City for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (E) all claims that the State lacks regu-latory authority over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (F) all claims to damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from such damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73– 282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir, that accrued during the pe-riod ending on the enforceability date; (G) all claims and objections relating to the approval by the Secretary of the assign-ment of the 1974 storage contract pursuant to the amended storage contract; and (H) all claims for damages, losses, or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from such damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of rights pursuant to the amended storage contract. (2) W
AIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS BY  
THE NATIONS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES .— Subject to the retention of rights and claims provided in paragraph (3) and except to the extent that rights are recognized in the Set-tlement Agreement or this section, the Na-tions are authorized to execute a waiver and release of all claims against the United States (including any agency or employee of the United States) relating to— (A) all of the following claims asserted or which could have been asserted in any pro-ceeding filed or that could have been filed by the United States as a trustee during the pe-riod ending on the enforceability date, in-cluding Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11–9272 (W.D. Ok.) or OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudica-tion, relating to— (i) claims to the ownership of water in the State; (ii) claims to water rights and rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (iii) claims to authority over the alloca-tion and management of water and adminis-tration of water rights, including authority over third-party ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State and ownership or use of water on allotments by allottees or any other person using water on an allotment with the permission of an allottee; (iv) claims that the State lacks authority over the allocation and management of water and administration of water rights, in-cluding authority over the ownership of or rights to use water diverted or taken from a location within the State; (v) any other claim relating to the owner-ship of water, regulation of water, or author-ized diversion, storage, or use of water di-verted or taken from a location within the State, which claim is based on the status of the Chickasaw Nation or the Choctaw Nation as a federally recognized Indian tribe; and (vi) claims or defenses asserted or which could have been asserted in Chickasaw Na-tion, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., CIV 11– 927 (W.D. Ok.), OWRB v. United States, et al. CIV 12–275 (W.D. Ok.), or any general stream adjudication; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5794 September 15, 2016 
(B) all claims for damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to any action by the State, the OWRB, or any water user authorized pursuant to State law to take or use water in the State, including the City, that accrued during the period end-ing on the enforceability date; (C) all claims and objections relating to the amended permit application, and the City permit, including— (i) all claims regarding regulatory control over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to the permit application and permit; and (ii) all claims for damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or rights to use water, or claims of interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the dam-ages, losses, injuries, interference with, di-version, storage, taking, or use of water) at-tributable to the issuance and lawful exer-cise of the City permit; (D) all claims to regulatory control over the Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, includ-ing McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Res-ervoir; (E) all claims that the State lacks regu-latory authority over or OWRB jurisdiction relating to Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73–282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir; (F) all claims to damages, losses or inju-ries to water rights or water, or claims of in-terference with, diversion, storage, taking, or use of water (including claims for injury to land resulting from the damages, losses, injuries, interference with, diversion, stor-age, taking, or use of water) attributable to the lawful exercise of Permit Numbers P80–48 and 54–613 for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River for Atoka Reservoir and P73– 282D for water rights from the Muddy Boggy River, including McGee Creek, for the McGee Creek Reservoir, that accrued during the pe-riod ending on the enforceability date; (G) all claims and objections relating to the approval by the Secretary of the assign-ment of the 1974 storage contract pursuant to the amended storage contract; (H) all claims relating to litigation brought by the United States prior to the en-forceability date of the water rights of the Nations in the State; and (I) all claims relating to the negotiation, execution, or adoption of the Settlement Agreement (including exhibits) or this sec-tion. (3) R
ETENTION AND RESERVATION OF CLAIMS  
BY NATIONS AND THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the waiver and releases of claims authorized under paragraphs (1) and (2), the Nations and the United States, acting as trustee, shall re-tain— (i) all claims for enforcement of the Settle-ment Agreement and this section; (ii) all rights to use and protect any water right of the Nations recognized by or estab-lished pursuant to the Settlement Agree-ment, including the right to assert claims for injuries relating to the rights and the right to participate in any general stream adjudication, including any inter se pro-ceeding; (iii) all claims relating to activities affect-ing the quality of water that are not waived under paragraph (1)(A)(v) or paragraph (2)(A)(v), including any claims the Nations may have under— (I) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), including for damages to natural resources; (II) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (III) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (IV) any regulations implementing the Acts described in items (aa) through (cc); (iv) all claims relating to damage, loss, or injury resulting from an unauthorized diver-sion, use, or storage of water, including dam-ages, losses, or injuries to land or nonwater natural resources associated with any hunt-ing, fishing, gathering, or cultural right; and (v) all rights, remedies, privileges, immu-nities, and powers not specifically waived and released pursuant to this section or the Settlement Agreement. (B) AGREEMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—As provided in the Settle-ment Agreement, the Chickasaw Nation shall convey an easement to the City, which easement shall be as described and depicted in Exhibit 15 to the Settlement Agreement. (ii) A
PPLICATION .—The Chickasaw Nation and the City shall cooperate and coordinate on the submission of an application for ap-proval by the Secretary of the Interior of the conveyance under clause (i), in accordance with applicable Federal law. (iii) R
ECORDING .—On approval by the Sec-retary of the Interior of the conveyance of the easement under this clause, the City shall record the easement. (iv) C
ONSIDERATION .—In exchange for con-veyance of the easement under clause (i), the City shall pay to the Chickasaw Nation the value of past unauthorized use and consider-ation for future use of the land burdened by the easement, based on an appraisal secured by the City and Nations and approved by the Secretary of the Interior. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF WAIVER AND RE -
LEASES .—The waivers and releases under this subsection take effect on the enforceability date. (5) T
OLLING OF CLAIMS .—Each applicable period of limitation and time-based equi-table defense relating to a claim described in this subsection shall be tolled during the pe-riod beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the earlier of the en-forceability date or the expiration date under subsection (i)(2). (i) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Agree-ment shall take effect and be enforceable on the date on which the Secretary of the Inte-rior publishes in the Federal Register a cer-tification that— (A) to the extent the Settlement Agree-ment conflicts with this section, the Settle-ment Agreement has been amended to con-form with this section; (B) the Settlement Agreement, as amend-ed, has been executed by the Secretary of the Interior, the Nations, the Governor of the State, the OWRB, the City, and the Trust; (C) to the extent the amended storage con-tract conflicts with this section, the amend-ed storage contract has been amended to conform with this section; (D) the amended storage contract, as amended to conform with this section, has been— (i) executed by the State, the City, and the Trust; and (ii) approved by the Secretary; (E) an order has been entered in United States v. Oklahoma Water Resources Board, Civ. 98–C–521–E with any modifications to the order dated September 11, 2009, as pro-vided in the Settlement Agreement; (F) orders of dismissal have been entered in Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation v. Fallin et al., Civ 11–297 (W.D. Ok.) and OWRB v. United States, et al. Civ 12–275 (W.D. Ok.) as provided in the Settlement Agreement; (G) the OWRB has issued the City Permit; (H) the final documentation of the Kiamichi Basin hydrologic model is on file at the Oklahoma City offices of the OWRB; and (I) the Atoka and Sardis Conservation Projects Fund has been funded as provided in the Settlement Agreement. (2) EXPIRATION DATE .—If the Secretary of the Interior fails to publish a statement of findings under paragraph (1) by not later than September 30, 2020, or such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Secretary of the Interior, the Nations, the State, the City, and the Trust under paragraph (4), the following shall apply: (A) This section, except for this subsection and any provisions of this section that are necessary to carry out this subsection (but only for purposes of carrying out this sub-section) are not effective beginning on Sep-tember 30, 2020, or the alternative date. (B) The waivers and release of claims, and the limited waivers of sovereign immunity, shall not become effective. (C) The Settlement Agreement shall be null and void, except for this paragraph and any provisions of the Settlement Agreement that are necessary to carry out this para-graph. (D) Except with respect to this paragraph, the State, the Nations, the City, the Trust, and the United States shall not be bound by any obligations or benefit from any rights recognized under the Settlement Agreement. (E) If the City permit has been issued, the permit shall be null and void, except that the City may resubmit to the OWRB, and the OWRB shall be considered to have accepted, OWRB permit application No. 2007–017 with-out having waived the original application priority date and appropriative quantities. (F) If the amended storage contract has been executed or approved, the contract shall be null and void, and the 2010 agree-ment shall be considered to be in force and effect as between the State and the Trust. (G) If the Atoka and Sardis Conservation Projects Fund has been established and fund-ed, the funds shall be returned to the respec-tive funding parties with any accrued inter-est. (3) N
O PREJUDICE .—The occurrence of the expiration date under paragraph (2) shall not in any way prejudice— (A) any argument or suit that the Nations may bring to contest— (i) the pursuit by the City of OWRB permit application No. 2007–017, or a modified version; or (ii) the 2010 agreement; (B) any argument, defense, or suit the State may bring or assert with regard to the claims of the Nations to water or over water in the settlement area; or (C) any argument, defense or suit the City may bring or assert— (i) with regard to the claims of the Nations to water or over water in the settlement area relating to OWRB permit application No. 2007–017, or a modified version; or (ii) to contest the 2010 agreement. (4) E
XTENSION .—The expiration date under paragraph (2) may be extended in writing if the Nations, the State, the OWRB, the United States, and the City agree that an ex-tension is warranted. (j) J
URISDICTION , WAIVERS OF IMMUNITY FOR  I
NTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— (1) J
URISDICTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5795 September 15, 2016 
(i) E XCLUSIVE JURISDICTION .—The United States District Court for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma shall have exclusive juris-diction for all purposes and for all causes of action relating to the interpretation and en-forcement of the Settlement Agreement, the amended storage contract, or interpretation or enforcement of this section, including all actions filed by an allottee pursuant to sub-section (e)(4)(B). (ii) R
IGHT TO BRING ACTION .—The Choctaw Nation, the Chickasaw Nation, the State, the City, the Trust, and the United States shall each have the right to bring an action pursu-ant to this section. (iii) N
O ACTION IN OTHER COURTS .—No ac- tion may be brought in any other Federal, Tribal, or State court or administrative forum for any purpose relating to the Settle-ment Agreement, amended storage contract, or this section. (iv) N
O MONETARY JUDGMENT .—Nothing in this section authorizes any money judgment or otherwise allows the payment of funds by the United States, the Nations, the State (including the OWRB), the City, or the Trust. (B) N
OTICE AND CONFERENCE .—An entity seeking to interpret or enforce the Settle-ment Agreement shall comply with the fol-lowing: (i) Any party asserting noncompliance or seeking interpretation of the Settlement Agreement or this section shall first serve written notice on the party alleged to be in breach of the Settlement Agreement or vio-lation of this section. (ii) The notice under clause (i) shall iden-tify the specific provision of the Settlement Agreement or this section alleged to have been violated or in dispute and shall specify in detail the contention of the party assert-ing the claim and any factual basis for the claim. (iii) Representatives of the party alleging a breach or violation and the party alleged to be in breach or violation shall meet not later than 30 days after receipt of notice under clause (i) in an effort to resolve the dispute. (iv) If the matter is not resolved to the sat-isfaction of the party alleging breach not later than 90 days after the original notice under clause (i), the party may take any ap-propriate enforcement action consistent with the Settlement Agreement and this subsection. (2) L
IMITED WAIVERS OF SOVEREIGN IMMU -
NITY.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The United States and the Nations may be joined in an action filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. (B) U
NITED STATES IMMUNITY .—Any claim by the United States to sovereign immunity from suit is irrevocably waived for any ac-tion brought by the State, the Chickasaw Nation, the Choctaw Nation, the City, the Trust, or (solely for purposes of actions brought pursuant to subsection (e)) an allot-tee in the Western District of Oklahoma re-lating to interpretation or enforcement of the Settlement Agreement or this section, including of the appellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Supreme Court of the United States. (C) C
HICKASAW NATION IMMUNITY .—For the exclusive benefit of the State (including the OWRB), the City, the Trust, the Choctaw Na-tion, and the United States, the sovereign immunity of the Chickasaw Nation from suit is waived solely for any action brought in the Western District of Oklahoma relating to interpretation or enforcement of the Settle-ment Agreement or this section, if the ac-tion is brought by the State or the OWRB, the City, the Trust, the Choctaw Nation, or the United States, including the appellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Su-preme Court of the United States. (D) CHOCTAW NATION IMMUNITY .—For the exclusive benefit of the State (including of the OWRB), the City, the Trust, the Chicka-saw Nation, and the United States, the Choc-taw Nation shall expressly and irrevocably consent to a suit and waive sovereign immu-nity from a suit solely for any action brought in the Western District of Oklahoma relating to interpretation or enforcement of the Settlement Agreement or this section, if the action is brought by the State, the OWRB, the City, the Trust, the Chickasaw Nation, or the United States, including the appellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the Supreme Court of the United States. (k) D
ISCLAIMER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Settlement Agree-ment applies only to the claims and rights of the Nations. (2) N
O PRECEDENT .—Nothing in this section or the Settlement Agreement shall be con-strued in any way to quantify, establish, or serve as precedent regarding the land and water rights, claims, or entitlements to water of any American Indian Tribe other than the Nations, including any other Amer-ican Indian Tribe in the State. 
SEC. 8003. LAND TRANSFER AND TRUST LAND FOR THE MUSCOGEE (CREEK) NA-TION. 
(a) T RANSFER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and for the consideration described in sub-section (c), the Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of the Interior the land de-scribed in subsection (b) to be held in trust for the benefit of the Muscogee (Creek) Na-tion. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The land transfer under this subsection shall be subject to the fol-lowing conditions: (A) The transfer— (i) shall not interfere with the Corps of En-gineers operation of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other authorized civil works projects; and (ii) shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appropriate to ensure the continued operation of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other authorized civil works project. (B) The Secretary shall retain the right to inundate with water the land transferred to the Secretary of the Interior under this sub-section, as necessary to carry out an author-ized purpose of the Eufaula Lake Project or any other civil works project. (C) No gaming activities may be conducted on the land transferred under this sub-section. (b) L
ANDDESCRIPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The land to be transferred pursuant to subsection (a) is the approxi-mately 18.38 acres of land located in the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4) of sec. 3, T. 10 N., R. 16 E., McIntosh County, Oklahoma, gen-erally depicted as ‘‘USACE’’ on the map enti-tled ‘‘Muscogee (Creek) Nation Proposed Land Acquisition’’ and dated October 16, 2014. (2) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the land to be transferred under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior. (c) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Muscogee (Creek) Nation shall pay— (1) to the Secretary an amount that is equal to the fair market value of the land transferred under subsection (a), as deter-mined by the Secretary, which funds may be accepted and expended by the Secretary; and (2) all costs and administrative expenses associated with the transfer of land under subsection (a), including the costs of— (A) the survey under subsection (b)(2); (B) compliance with the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (C) any coordination necessary with re-spect to requirements related to endangered species, cultural resources, clean water, and clean air. SEC. 8004. REAUTHORIZATION OF DENALI COM-MISSION. 
(a) A DMINISTRATION .—Section 303 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Federal Cochairperson’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) T
ERM OF FEDERAL COCHAIRPERSON .— The Federal Cochairperson’’; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘All other members’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) T
ERM OF ALL OTHER MEMBERS .—All other members’’; (C) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Any vacancy’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) V
ACANCIES .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), any vacancy’’; and (D) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as designated by subparagraph (B)) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) I
NTERIM FEDERAL COCHAIRPERSON .—In the event of a vacancy for any reason in the position of Federal Cochairperson, the Sec-retary may appoint an Interim Federal Co-chairperson, who shall have all the authority of the Federal Cochairperson, to serve until such time as the vacancy in the position of Federal Cochairperson is filled in accordance with subsection (b)(2)).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) N
OFEDERAL EMPLOYEE STATUS .—No member of the Commission, other than the Federal Cochairperson, shall be considered to be a Federal employee for any purpose. ‘‘(g) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), no member of the Commission (referred to in this subsection as a ‘member’) shall participate personally or substantially, through decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, the rendering of advice, investigation, or otherwise, in any proceeding, application, request for a ruling or other determination, contract claim, con-troversy, or other matter in which, to the knowledge of the member, 1 or more of the following has a direct financial interest: ‘‘(A) The member. ‘‘(B) The spouse, minor child, or partner of the member. ‘‘(C) An organization described in subpara-graph (B), (C), (D), (E), or (F) of subsection (b)(1) for which the member is serving as of-ficer, director, trustee, partner, or employee. ‘‘(D) Any individual, person, or organiza-tion with which the member is negotiating or has any arrangement concerning prospec-tive employment. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the member— ‘‘(A) immediately advises the designated agency ethics official for the Commission of the nature and circumstances of the matter presenting a potential conflict of interest; ‘‘(B) makes full disclosure of the financial interest; and ‘‘(C) before the proceeding concerning the matter presenting the conflict of interest, receives a written determination by the des-ignated agency ethics official for the Com-mission that the interest is not so substan-tial as to be likely to affect the integrity of the services that the Commission may ex-pect from the member. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5796 September 15, 2016 
‘‘(3) A NNUAL DISCLOSURES .—Once per cal-endar year, each member shall make full dis-closure of financial interests, in a manner to be determined by the designated agency eth-ics official for the Commission. ‘‘(4) T
RAINING .—Once per calendar year, each member shall undergo disclosure of fi-nancial interests training, as prescribed by the designated agency ethics official for the Commission. ‘‘(5) V
IOLATION .—Any person that violates this subsection shall be fined not more than $10,000, imprisoned for not more than 2 years, or both.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 310 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) (as redesignated by sec-tion 1960(1) of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1516)) is amended, in sub-section (a), by striking ‘‘under section 4 under this Act’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 304, $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, and such sums as are necessary for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 310 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 105–277) (as redesig-nated by section 1960(1) of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1516)) is redesig-nated as section 312. 
SEC. 8005. RECREATIONAL ACCESS OF FLOATING CABINS. 
The Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 is amended by inserting after section 9a (16 U.S.C. 831h–1) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9b. RECREATIONAL ACCESS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF FLOATING CABIN.—In this section, the term ‘floating cabin’ means a watercraft or other floating structure— ‘‘(1) primarily designed and used for human habitation or occupation; and ‘‘(2) not primarily designed or used for navigation or transportation on water. ‘‘(b) R
ECREATIONAL ACCESS .—The Board may allow the use of a floating cabin if— ‘‘(1) the floating cabin is maintained by the owner to reasonable health, safety, and envi-ronmental standards, as required by the Board; ‘‘(2) the Corporation has authorized the use of recreational vessels on the waters; and ‘‘(3) the floating cabin was located on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corpora-tion as of the date of enactment of this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) F
EES.—The Board may assess fees on the owner of a floating cabin on waters under the jurisdiction of the Corporation for the purpose of ensuring compliance with sub-section (b) if the fees are necessary and rea-sonable for those purposes. ‘‘(d) C
ONTINUED RECREATIONAL USE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a float-ing cabin located on waters under the juris-diction of the Corporation on the date of en-actment of this section, the Board— ‘‘(A) may not require the removal of the floating cabin— ‘‘(i) in the case of a floating cabin that was granted a permit by the Corporation before the date of enactment of this section, for a period of 15 years beginning on that date of enactment; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a floating cabin not granted a permit by the Corporation before the date of enactment of this section, for a period of 5 years beginning on that date of enactment; and ‘‘(B) shall approve and allow the use of the floating cabin on waters under the jurisdic-tion of the Corporation at such time and for such duration as— ‘‘(i) the floating cabin meets the require-ments of subsection (b); and ‘‘(ii) the owner of the floating cabin has paid any fee assessed pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(2) SAVINGS PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(A) Nothing in this subsection restricts the ability of the Corporation to enforce health, safety, or environmental standards. ‘‘(B) This section applies only to floating cabins located on waters under the jurisdic-tion of the Corporation. ‘‘(e) N
EWCONSTRUCTION .—The Corporation may establish regulations to prevent the construction of new floating cabins.’’. 
SEC. 8006. REGULATION OF ABOVEGROUND STORAGE AT FARMS. 
Section 1049(c) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 1361 note; Public Law 113–121) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (b),’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) R
EGULATION OF ABOVEGROUND STORAGE  
ATFARMS .— ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION OF AGGREGATE ABOVE -
GROUND STORAGE CAPACITY .—For purposes of subsection (b),’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN FARM CONTAINERS .—Part 112 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), shall not apply to the following containers located at a farm: ‘‘(A) Containers on a separate parcel that have— ‘‘(i) an individual capacity of not greater than 1,000 gallons; and ‘‘(ii) an aggregate capacity of not greater than 2,000 gallons. ‘‘(B) A container holding animal feed in-gredients approved for use in livestock feed by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs.’’. 
SEC. 8007. SALT CEDAR REMOVAL PERMIT RE-VIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an applica-tion for a permit for the mechanized removal of salt cedar from an area that consists of not more than 500 acres— (1) any review by the Secretary under sec-tion 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1344) or section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (commonly known as the ‘‘Rivers and Harbors Appropriation Act of 1899’’) (33 U.S.C. 403), and any review by the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’) under section 7 of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536), shall, to the maximum extent practicable, occur concurrently; (2) all participating and cooperating agen-cies shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, adopt and use any environmental document prepared by the lead agency under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) to the same ex-tent that a Federal agency could adopt or use a document prepared by another Federal agency under— (A) that Act; and (B) parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions); and (3) the review of the application shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be com-pleted not later than the date on which the Secretary, in consultation with, and with the concurrence of, the Director, establishes. (b) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept and expend funds received from non-Federal public or private entities to con-duct a review referred to in subsection (a). (c) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section preempts or interferes with— (1) any obligation to comply with the pro-visions of any Federal law, including— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (B) any other Federal environmental law; (2) the reviewability of any final Federal agency action in a court of the United States or in the court of any State; (3) any requirement for seeking, consid-ering, or responding to public comment; or (4) any power, jurisdiction, responsibility, duty, or authority that a Federal, State, or local governmental agency, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provision of law applicable to projects. SEC. 8008. INTERNATIONAL OUTFALL INTER-CEPTOR REPAIR, OPERATIONS, AND MAINTENANCE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, pursuant to the Act of July 27, 1953 (22 U.S.C. 277d–10 et seq.), and not-withstanding the memorandum of agreement between the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commis-sion and the City of Nogales, Arizona, dated January 20, 2006 (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Agreement’’), an equitable propor-tion of the costs of operation and mainte-nance of the Nogales sanitation project to be contributed by the City of Nogales, Arizona (referred to in this section as the ‘‘City’’), should be based on the average daily volume of wastewater originating from the City. (b) C
APITAL COSTS EXCLUDED .—Pursuant to the Agreement and the Act of July 27, 1953 (22 U.S.C. 277d–10 et seq.), the City shall have no obligation to contribute to any capital costs of repairing or upgrading the Nogales sanitation project. (c) O
VERCHARGES .—Notwithstanding the Agreement and subject to subsection (d), the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission shall reim-burse the City for, and shall not charge the City after the date of enactment of this Act for, operations and maintenance costs in ex-cess of an equitable proportion of the costs, as described in subsection (a). (d) L
IMITATION .—Costs reimbursed or a re-duction in costs charged under subsection (c) shall not exceed $4,000,000. 
SEC. 8009. PECHANGA BAND OF LUISEN ˜O MIS- SION INDIANS WATER RIGHTS SET-TLEMENT. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final settlement of claims to water rights and cer-tain claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for— (A) the Band; and (B) the United States, acting in its capac-ity as trustee for the Band and Allottees; (2) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final settlement of certain claims by the Band and Allottees against the United States; (3) to authorize, ratify, and confirm the Pechanga Settlement Agreement to be en-tered into by the Band, RCWD, and the United States; (4) to authorize and direct the Secretary— (A) to execute the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (B) to take any other action necessary to carry out the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment in accordance with this section; and (5) to authorize the appropriation of amounts necessary for the implementation of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DJUDICATION COURT .—The term ‘‘Adju-dication Court’’ means the United States District Court for the Southern District of California, which exercises continuing juris-diction over the Adjudication Proceeding. (2) A
DJUDICATION PROCEEDING .—The term ‘‘Adjudication Proceeding’’ means litigation initiated by the United States regarding rel-ative water rights in the Santa Margarita 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5797 September 15, 2016 
River Watershed in United States v. Fallbrook Public Utility District et al., Civ. No. 3:51–cv–01247 (S.D.C.A.), including any litigation initiated to interpret or enforce the relative water rights in the Santa Mar-garita River Watershed pursuant to the con-tinuing jurisdiction of the Adjudication Court over the Fallbrook Decree. (3) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘Allottee’’ means an individual who holds a beneficial real property interest in an Indian allotment that is— (A) located within the Reservation; and (B) held in trust by the United States. (4) B
AND.—The term ‘‘Band’’ means Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians, a federally recognized sovereign Indian tribe that functions as a custom and tradition In-dian tribe, acting on behalf of itself and its members, but not acting on behalf of mem-bers in their capacities as Allottees. (5) C
LAIMS .—The term ‘‘claims’’ means rights, claims, demands, actions, compensa-tion, or causes of action, whether known or unknown. (6) EMWD.—The term ‘‘EMWD’’ means Eastern Municipal Water District, a munic-ipal water district organized and existing in accordance with the Municipal Water Dis-trict Law of 1911, Division 20 of the Water Code of the State of California, as amended. (7) EMWD 
CONNECTION FEE .—The term ‘‘EMWD Connection Fee’’ has the meaning set forth in the Extension of Service Area Agreement. (8) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Reg-ister the statement of findings described in subsection (f)(5). (9) ESAA 
CAPACITY AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘ESAA Capacity Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Agreement to Provide Capacity for Deliv-ery of ESAA Water’’, among the Band, RCWD and the United States. (10) ESAA 
WATER .—The term ‘‘ESAA Water’’ means imported potable water that the Band receives from EMWD and MWD pursuant to the Extension of Service Area Agreement and delivered by RCWD pursuant to the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement. (11) ESAA 
WATER DELIVERY AGREEMENT .— The term ‘‘ESAA Water Delivery Agree-ment’’ means the agreement among EMWD, RCWD, and the Band, establishing the terms and conditions of water service to the Band. (12) E
XTENSION OF SERVICE AREA AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Extension of Service Area Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Agreement for Ex-tension of Existing Service Area’’, among the Band, EMWD, and MWD, for the provi-sion of water service by EMWD to a des-ignated portion of the Reservation using water supplied by MWD. (13) F
ALLBROOK DECREE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Fallbrook De-cree’’ means the ‘‘Modified Final Judgment And Decree’’, entered in the Adjudication Proceeding on April 6, 1966. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Fallbrook De-cree’’ includes all court orders, interlocutory judgments, and decisions supplemental to the ‘‘Modified Final Judgment And Decree’’, including Interlocutory Judgment No. 30, In-terlocutory Judgment No. 35, and Interlocu-tory Judgment No. 41. (14) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Pechanga Settlement Fund established by subsection (h). (15) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (16) I
NJURY TO WATER RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘injury to water rights’’ means an inter-ference with, diminution of, or deprivation of water rights under Federal or State law. (17) INTERIM CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘Interim Capacity’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (18) I
NTERIM CAPACITY NOTICE .—The term ‘‘Interim Capacity Notice’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (19) I
NTERLOCUTORY JUDGMENT NO . 41.—The term ‘‘Interlocutory Judgment No. 41’’ means Interlocutory Judgment No. 41 issued in the Adjudication Proceeding on November 8, 1962, including all court orders, judgments and decisions supplemental to that inter-locutory judgment. (20) MWD.—The term ‘‘MWD’’ means the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, a metropolitan water district or-ganized and incorporated under the Metro-politan Water District Act of the State of California (Stats. 1969, Chapter 209, as amended). (21) MWD 
CONNECTION FEE .—The term ‘‘MWD Connection Fee’’ has the meaning set forth in the Extension of Service Area Agree-ment. (22) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account’’ means the account estab-lished by subsection (h)(3)(B). (23) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRA -
STRUCTURE ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure account’’ means the account established by subsection (h)(3)(A). (24) P
ECHANGA SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .— The term ‘‘Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment’’ means the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, dated June 17, 2014, together with the exhibits to that agreement, entered into by the Band, the United States on be-half of the Band, its members and Allottees, MWD, EMWD, and RCWD, including— (A) the Extension of Service Area Agree-ment; (B) the ESAA Capacity Agreement; and (C) the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement. (25) P
ECHANGA WATER CODE .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Code’’ means a water code to be adopted by the Band in accordance with subsection (d)(6). (26) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Fund account’’ means the account established by subsection (h)(3)(C). (27) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .— The term ‘‘Pechanga Water Quality ac-count’’ means the account established by subsection (h)(3)(D). (28) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY .—The term ‘‘Per-manent Capacity’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (29) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY NOTICE .—The term ‘‘Permanent Capacity Notice’’ has the meaning set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (30) RCWD.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘RCWD’’ means the Rancho California Water District orga-nized pursuant to section 34000 et seq. of the California Water Code. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘RCWD’’ in-cludes all real property owners for whom RCWD acts as an agent pursuant to an agen-cy agreement. (31) R
ECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE  
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Recycled Water In-frastructure Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Agree-ment for Recycled Water Infrastructure’’ among the Band, RCWD, and the United States. (32) R
ECYCLED WATER TRANSFER AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Recycled Water Transfer Agreement’’ means the ‘‘Recycled Water Transfer Agreement’’ between the Band and RCWD. (33) R
ESERVATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ means the land depicted on the map attached to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement as Exhibit I. (B) APPLICABILITY OF TERM .—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ shall be used solely for the purposes of the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment, this section, and any judgment or de-cree issued by the Adjudication Court ap-proving the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment. (34) S
ANTA MARGARITA RIVER WATERSHED .— The term ‘‘Santa Margarita River Water-shed’’ means the watershed that is the sub-ject of the Adjudication Proceeding and the Fallbrook Decree. (35) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (36) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of California. (37) S
TORAGE POND .—The term ‘‘Storage Pond’’ has the meaning set forth in the Re-cycled Water Infrastructure Agreement. (38) T
RIBAL WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘Trib-al Water Right’’ means the water rights rati-fied, confirmed, and declared to be valid for the benefit of the Band and Allottees, as set forth and described in subsection (d). (c) A
PPROVAL OF THE PECHANGA SETTLE -
MENT AGREEMENT .— (1) R
ATIFICATION OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as modified by this section, and to the extent that the Pechanga Settlement Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement is authorized, ratified, and confirmed. (B) A
MENDMENTS .—Any amendment to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement is author-ized, ratified, and confirmed, to the extent that the amendment is executed to make the Pechanga Settlement Agreement consistent with this section. (2) E
XECUTION OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Pechanga Settlement Agreement does not conflict with this section, the Secretary is directed to and promptly shall execute— (i) the Pechanga Settlement Agreement (including any exhibit to the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement requiring the signature of the Secretary); and (ii) any amendment to the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement necessary to make the Pechanga Settlement Agreement consistent with this section. (B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Nothing in this sec-tion precludes the Secretary from approving modifications to exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement not inconsistent with this section, to the extent those modifica-tions do not otherwise require congressional approval pursuant to section 2116 of the Re-vised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177) or other appli-cable Federal law. (3) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, the Sec-retary shall promptly comply with all appli-cable requirements of— (i) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (ii) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (iii) all other applicable Federal environ-mental laws; and (iv) all regulations promulgated under the laws described in clauses (i) through (iii). (B) E
XECUTION OF THE PECHANGA SETTLE -
MENT AGREEMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Execution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement by the Secretary under this subsection shall not constitute a major Federal action under the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5798 September 15, 2016 
(ii) C OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary is directed to carry out all Federal compliance nec-essary to implement the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement. (C) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall be designated as the lead agency with respect to environmental compliance. (d) T
RIBAL WATER RIGHT.— (1) I
NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of Congress to provide to each Allottee benefits that are equal to or exceed the benefits Allottees possess as of the date of enactment of this section, taking into consideration— (A) the potential risks, cost, and time delay associated with litigation that would be resolved by the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section; (B) the availability of funding under this section; (C) the availability of water from the Trib-al Water Right and other water sources as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment; and (D) the applicability of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), and this section to protect the interests of Allottees. (2) C
ONFIRMATION OF TRIBAL WATER RIGHT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A Tribal Water Right of up to 4,994 acre-feet of water per year that, under natural conditions, is physically avail-able on the Reservation is confirmed in ac-cordance with the Findings of Fact and Con-clusions of Law set forth in Interlocutory Judgment No. 41, as affirmed by the Fallbrook Decree. (B) U
SE.—Subject to the terms of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement, this sec-tion, the Fallbrook Decree and applicable Federal law, the Band may use the Tribal Water Right for any purpose on the Reserva-tion. (3) H
OLDING IN TRUST .—The Tribal Water Right, as set forth in paragraph (2), shall— (A) be held in trust by the United States on behalf of the Band and the Allottees in ac-cordance with this subsection; (B) include the priority dates described in Interlocutory Judgment No. 41, as affirmed by the Fallbrook Decree; and (C) not be subject to forfeiture or abandon-ment. (4) A
LLOTTEES .— (A) A
PPLICABILITY OF ACT OF FEBRUARY 8 , 
1887.—The provisions of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), relating to the use of water for irrigation purposes shall apply to the Tribal Water Right. (B) E
NTITLEMENT TO WATER .—Any entitle-ment to water of allotted land located within the exterior boundaries of the Reservation under Federal law shall be satisfied from the Tribal Water Right. (C) A
LLOCATIONS .—Allotted land located within the exterior boundaries of the Res-ervation shall be entitled to a just and equi-table allocation of water for irrigation and domestic purposes from the Tribal Water Right. (D) E
XHAUSTION OF REMEDIES .—Before as-serting any claim against the United States under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or any other applicable law, an Allottee shall exhaust remedies available under the Pechanga Water Code or other ap-plicable tribal law. (E) C
LAIMS .—Following exhaustion of rem-edies available under the Pechanga Water Code or other applicable tribal law, an Allot-tee may seek relief under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or other applicable law. (F) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary shall have the authority to protect the rights of Allottees as specified in this subsection. (5) A
UTHORITY OF BAND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Band shall have au-thority to use, allocate, distribute, and lease the Tribal Water Right on the Reservation in accordance with— (i) the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (ii) applicable Federal law. (B) LEASES BY ALLOTTEES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An Allottee may lease any interest in land held by the Allottee, to-gether with any water right determined to be appurtenant to that interest in land. (ii) W
ATER RIGHT APPURTENANT .—Any water right determined to be appurtenant to an interest in land leased by an Allottee shall be used on the Reservation. (6) P
ECHANGA WATER CODE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the enforceability date, the Band shall enact a Pechanga Water Code, that provides for— (i) the management, regulation, and gov-ernance of all uses of the Tribal Water Right in accordance with the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; and (ii) establishment by the Band of condi-tions, permit requirements, and other limi-tations relating to the storage, recovery, and use of the Tribal Water Right in accordance with the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Pechanga Water Code shall provide— (i) that allocations of water to Allottees shall be satisfied with water from the Tribal Water Right; (ii) that charges for delivery of water for irrigation purposes for Allottees shall be as-sessed in accordance with section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381); (iii) a process by which an Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) may re-quest that the Band provide water for irriga-tion or domestic purposes in accordance with this section; (iv) a due process system for the consider-ation and determination by the Band of any request by an Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) for an allocation of such water for irrigation or domestic pur-poses on allotted land, including a process for— (I) appeal and adjudication of any denied or disputed distribution of water; and (II) resolution of any contested administra-tive decision; and (v) a requirement that any Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) with a claim relating to the enforcement of rights of the Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) under the Pechanga Water Code or relating to the amount of water allo-cated to land of the Allottee must first ex-haust remedies available to the Allottee under tribal law and the Pechanga Water Code before initiating an action against the United States or petitioning the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (4)(D). (C) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Tribal Water Right until the Pechanga Water Code is enacted and ap-proved under this subsection. (ii) A
PPROVAL .—Any provision of the Pechanga Water Code and any amendment to the Pechanga Water Code that affects the rights of Allottees— (I) shall be subject to the approval of the Secretary; and (II) shall not be valid until approved by the Secretary. (iii) A
PPROVAL PERIOD .—The Secretary shall approve or disapprove the Pechanga Water Code within a reasonable period of time after the date on which the Band sub-mits the Pechanga Water Code to the Sec-retary for approval. (7) E
FFECT .—Except as otherwise specifi-cally provided in this section, nothing in this section— (A) authorizes any action by an Allottee (or any successor in interest to an Allottee) against any individual or entity, or against the Band, under Federal, State, tribal, or local law; or (B) alters or affects the status of any ac-tion pursuant to section 1491(a) of title 28, United States Code. (e) SATISFACTION OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The benefits provided to the Band under the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this Act shall be in complete replacement of, complete substitution for, and full satisfaction of all claims of the Band against the United States that are waived and released pursuant to subsection (f). (2) A
LLOTTEE CLAIMS .—The benefits real-ized by the Allottees under this section shall be in complete replacement of, complete sub-stitution for, and full satisfaction of— (A) all claims that are waived and released pursuant to subsection (f); and (B) any claims of the Allottees against the United States that the Allottees have or could have asserted that are similar in na-ture to any claim described in subsection (f). (3) N
O RECOGNITION OF WATER RIGHTS .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (d)(4), nothing in this section recognizes or establishes any right of a member of the Band or an Allottee to water within the Reservation. (4) C
LAIMS RELATING TO DEVELOPMENT OF  
WATER FOR RESERVATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amounts authorized to be appropriated pursuant to subsection (j) shall be used to satisfy any claim of the Allottees against the United States with re-spect to the development or protection of water resources for the Reservation. (B) S
ATISFACTION OF CLAIMS .—Upon the complete appropriation of amounts author-ized pursuant to subsection (j), any claim of the Allottees against the United States with respect to the development or protection of water resources for the Reservation shall be deemed to have been satisfied. (f) W
AIVER OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) W
AIVER OF CLAIMS BY THE BAND AND THE  
UNITED STATES ACTING IN ITS CAPACITY AS  
TRUSTEE FOR THE BAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the retention of rights set forth in paragraph (3), in return for recognition of the Tribal Water Right and other benefits as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section, the Band, on behalf of itself and the members of the Band (but not on behalf of a tribal member in the capacity of Allottee), and the United States, acting as trustee for the Band, are authorized and directed to exe-cute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Santa Margarita River Watershed that the Band, or the United States acting as trustee for the Band, asserted or could have asserted in any pro-ceeding, including the Adjudication Pro-ceeding, except to the extent that such rights are recognized in the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement and this section. (ii) C
LAIMS AGAINST RCWD .—Subject to the retention of rights set forth in paragraph (3) and notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in the Pechanga Settlement Agree-ment, the Band and the United States, on be-half of the Band and Allottees, fully release, acquit, and discharge RCWD from— (I) claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for land located within the Reservation arising or occurring at any time up to and including June 30, 2009; (II) claims for injuries to water rights in the Santa Margarita River Watershed for land located within the Reservation arising or occurring at any time after June 30, 2009, resulting from the diversion or use of water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5799 September 15, 2016 
in a manner not in violation of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or this section; (III) claims for subsidence damage to land located within the Reservation arising or oc-curring at any time up to and including June 30, 2009; (IV) claims for subsidence damage arising or occurring after June 30, 2009, to land lo-cated within the Reservation resulting from the diversion of underground water in a man-ner consistent with the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement or this section; and (V) claims arising out of, or relating in any manner to, the negotiation or execution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or the negotiation or execution of this section. (B) C
LAIMS BY THE UNITED STATES ACTING IN  
ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE FOR ALLOTTEES .— Subject to the retention of claims set forth in paragraph (3), in return for recognition of the water rights of the Band and other bene-fits as set forth in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section, the United States, acting as trustee for Allottees, is au-thorized and directed to execute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Santa Margarita River Watershed that the United States, acting as trustee for the Allottees, asserted or could have as-serted in any proceeding, including the Adju-dication Proceeding. (C) C
LAIMS BY THE BAND AGAINST THE  
UNITED STATES .—Subject to the retention of rights set forth in paragraph (3), the Band, on behalf of itself and the members of the Band (but not on behalf of a tribal member in the capacity of Allottee), is authorized to execute a waiver and release of— (i) all claims against the United States (in-cluding the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to claims for water rights in, or water of, the Santa Margarita River Watershed that the United States, act-ing in its capacity as trustee for the Band, asserted, or could have asserted, in any pro-ceeding, including the Adjudication Pro-ceeding, except to the extent that those rights are recognized in the Pechanga Settle-ment Agreement and this section; (ii) all claims against the United States (including the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to damages, losses, or injuries to water, water rights, land, or natural resources due to loss of water or water rights (including damages, losses or injuries to hunting, fishing, gathering, or cultural rights due to loss of water or water rights, claims relating to interference with, diversion, or taking of water or water rights, or claims relating to failure to protect, ac-quire, replace, or develop water, water rights, or water infrastructure) in the Santa Margarita River Watershed that first ac-crued at any time up to and including the enforceability date; (iii) all claims against the United States (including the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to the pending litiga-tion of claims relating to the water rights of the Band in the Adjudication Proceeding; and (iv) all claims against the United States (including the agencies and employees of the United States) relating to the negotiation or execution of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or the negotiation or execution of this section. (2) E
FFECTIVENESS OF WAIVERS AND RE -
LEASES .—The waivers under paragraph (1) shall take effect on the enforceability date. (3) R
ESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND RETENTION  
OF CLAIMS .—Notwithstanding the waivers and releases authorized in this section, the Band, on behalf of itself and the members of the Band, and the United States, acting in its capacity as trustee for the Band and Allottees, retain— (A) all claims for enforcement of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement and this section; (B) all claims against any person or entity other than the United States and RCWD, in-cluding claims for monetary damages; (C) all claims for water rights that are out-side the jurisdiction of the Adjudication Court; (D) all rights to use and protect water rights acquired on or after the enforceability date; and (E) all remedies, privileges, immunities, powers, and claims, including claims for water rights, not specifically waived and re-leased pursuant to this section and the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (4) EFFECT OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
AGREEMENT AND ACT .—Nothing in the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or this sec-tion— (A) affects the ability of the United States, acting as sovereign, to take actions author-ized by law, including any laws relating to health, safety, or the environment, includ-ing— (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (ii) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (iii) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (iv) any regulations implementing the Acts described in clauses (i) through (iii); (B) affects the ability of the United States to take actions acting as trustee for any other Indian tribe or an Allottee of any other Indian tribe; (C) confers jurisdiction on any State court— (i) to interpret Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environment; (ii) to determine the duties of the United States or other parties pursuant to Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environ-ment; or (iii) to conduct judicial review of Federal agency action; (D) waives any claim of a member of the Band in an individual capacity that does not derive from a right of the Band; (E) limits any funding that RCWD would otherwise be authorized to receive under any Federal law, including, the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act (43 U.S.C. 390h et seq.) as that Act applies to permanent facilities for water recycling, demineralization, and desalina-tion, and distribution of nonpotable water supplies in Southern Riverside County, Cali-fornia; (F) characterizes any amounts received by RCWD under the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or this section as Federal for pur-poses of section 1649 of the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act (43 U.S.C. 390h–32); or (G) affects the requirement of any party to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or any of the exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement to comply with the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or the California Environmental Quality Act (Cal. Pub. Res. Code 21000 et seq.) prior to performing the respective obli-gations of that party under the Pechanga Settlement Agreement or any of the exhibits to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (5) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The enforce-ability date shall be the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Register a statement of findings that— (A) the Adjudication Court has approved and entered a judgment and decree approving the Pechanga Settlement Agreement in sub-stantially the same form as Appendix 2 to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement; (B) all amounts authorized by this section have been deposited in the Fund; (C) the waivers and releases authorized in paragraph (1) have been executed by the Band and the Secretary; (D) the Extension of Service Area Agree-ment— (i) has been approved and executed by all the parties to the Extension of Service Area Agreement; and (ii) is effective and enforceable in accord-ance with the terms of the Extension of Service Area Agreement; and (E) the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement— (i) has been approved and executed by all the parties to the ESAA Water Delivery Agreement; and (ii) is effective and enforceable in accord-ance with the terms of the ESAA Water De-livery Agreement. (6) TOLLING OF CLAIMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each applicable period of limitation and time-based equitable defense relating to a claim described in this sub-section shall be tolled for the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the earlier of— (i) April 30, 2030, or such alternate date after April 30, 2030, as is agreed to by the Band and the Secretary; or (ii) the enforceability date. (B) E
FFECTS OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection revives any claim or tolls any period of limitation or time-based equi-table defense that expired before the date of enactment of this Act. (C) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this sub-section precludes the tolling of any period of limitations or any time-based equitable de-fense under any other applicable law. (7) T
ERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If all of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated to the Secretary pursuant to this section have not been made available to the Secretary by April 30, 2030— (i) the waivers authorized by this sub-section shall expire and have no force or ef-fect; and (ii) all statutes of limitations applicable to any claim otherwise waived under this sub-section shall be tolled until April 30, 2030. (B) V
OIDING OF WAIVERS .—If a waiver au-thorized by this subsection is void under sub-paragraph (A)— (i) the approval of the United States of the Pechanga Settlement Agreement under sub-section (c) shall be void and have no further force or effect; (ii) any unexpended Federal amounts ap-propriated or made available to carry out this section, together with any interest earned on those amounts, and any water rights or contracts to use water and title to other property acquired or constructed with Federal amounts appropriated or made avail-able to carry out this section shall be re-turned to the Federal Government, unless otherwise agreed to by the Band and the United States and approved by Congress; and (iii) except for Federal amounts used to ac-quire or develop property that is returned to the Federal Government under clause (ii), the United States shall be entitled to set off any Federal amounts appropriated or made available to carry out this section that were expended or withdrawn, together with any interest accrued, against any claims against the United States relating to water rights asserted by the Band or Allottees in any fu-ture settlement of the water rights of the Band or Allottees. (g) W
ATER FACILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations, using amounts from the designated accounts of the Fund, provide the amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5800 September 15, 2016 
the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agree-ment and the ESAA Capacity Agreement, in an amount not to exceed the amounts depos-ited in the designated accounts for such pur-poses plus any interest accrued on such amounts from the date of deposit in the Fund to the date of disbursement from the Fund, in accordance with this section and the terms and conditions of those agree-ments. (2) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS .—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this subsection shall be nonreimburs-able. (3) R
ECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using amounts from the Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure account, provide amounts for the Storage Pond in accordance with this paragraph. (B) S
TORAGE POND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations, provide the amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agreement for the de-sign and construction of the Storage Pond, in an amount not to exceed $2,656,374. (ii) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Secretary to provide amounts pursuant to this paragraph shall be as set forth in the Recycled Water Infrastructure Agreement. (iii) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Rec-lamation shall be the lead agency for pur-poses of the implementation of this para-graph. (iv) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the Storage Pond. (4) ESAA 
DELIVERY CAPACITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using amounts from the Pechanga ESAA De-livery Capacity account, provide amounts for Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity in accordance with this paragraph. (B) I
NTERIM CAPACITY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations, using amounts from the ESAA Delivery Ca-pacity account, provide amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under the ESAA Capacity Agreement for the provi-sion by RCWD of Interim Capacity to the Band in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000. (ii) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Secretary to provide amounts pursuant to this subparagraph shall be as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (iii) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Rec-lamation shall be the lead agency for pur-poses of the implementation of this subpara-graph. (iv) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the In-terim Capacity to be provided by RCWD. (v) T
RANSFER TO BAND .—If RCWD does not provide the Interim Capacity Notice required pursuant to the ESAA Capacity Agreement by the date that is 60 days after the date re-quired under the ESAA Capacity Agreement, the amounts in the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account for purposes of the provi-sion of Interim Capacity and Permanent Ca-pacity, including any interest that has ac-crued on those amounts, shall be available for use by the Band to provide alternative in-terim capacity in a manner that is similar to the Interim Capacity and Permanent Capac-ity that the Band would have received had RCWD provided such Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity. (C) P
ERMANENT CAPACITY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—On receipt of the Perma-nent Capacity Notice pursuant to section 5(b) of the ESAA Capacity Agreement, the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Rec-lamation, shall enter into negotiations with RCWD and the Band to establish an agree-ment that will allow for the disbursement of amounts from the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account in accordance with clause (ii). (ii) SCHEDULE OF DISBURSEMENT .—Subject to the availability of amounts under sub-section (h)(5), on execution of the ESAA Ca-pacity Agreement, the Secretary shall, sub-ject to the availability of appropriations and using amounts from the ESAA Delivery Ca-pacity account, provide amounts necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Band under the ESAA Capacity Agreement for the provi-sion by RCWD of Permanent Capacity to the Band in an amount not to exceed the amount available in the ESAA Delivery Capacity ac-count as of the date on which the ESAA Ca-pacity Agreement is executed. (iii) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedure for the Secretary to provide funds pursuant to this subparagraph shall be as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement. (iv) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Rec-lamation shall be the lead agency for pur-poses of the implementation of this subpara-graph. (v) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall have no responsibility or liability for the Permanent Capacity to be provided by RCWD. (vi) T
RANSFER TO BAND .—If RCWD does not provide the Permanent Capacity Notice re-quired pursuant to the ESAA Capacity Agreement by the date that is 5 years after the enforceability date, the amounts in the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account for purposes of the provision of Permanent Capacity, including any interest that has ac-crued on those amounts, shall be available for use by the Band to provide alternative permanent capacity in a manner that is similar to the Permanent Capacity that the Band would have received had RCWD pro-vided such Permanent Capacity. (h) P
ECHANGA SETTLEMENT FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the ‘‘Pechanga Settlement Fund’’, to be managed, invested, and distrib-uted by the Secretary and to be available until expended, and, together with any inter-est earned on those amounts, to be used sole-ly for the purpose of carrying out this sec-tion. (2) T
RANSFERS TO FUND .—The Fund shall consist of such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under subsection (j), together with any interest earned on those amounts, which shall be available in accordance with para-graph (5). (3) A
CCOUNTS OF PECHANGA SETTLEMENT  
FUND .—The Secretary shall establish in the Fund the following accounts: (A) Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastruc-ture account, consisting of amounts author-ized pursuant to subsection (j)(1). (B) Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity ac-count, consisting of amounts authorized pur-suant to subsection (j)(2). (C) Pechanga Water Fund account, con-sisting of amounts authorized pursuant to subsection (j)(3). (D) Pechanga Water Quality account, con-sisting of amounts authorized pursuant to subsection (j)(4). (4) M
ANAGEMENT OF FUND .—The Secretary shall manage, invest, and distribute all amounts in the Fund in a manner that is consistent with the investment authority of the Secretary under— (A) the first section of the Act of June 24, 1938 (25 U.S.C. 162a); (B) the American Indian Trust Fund Man-agement Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.); and (C) this subsection. (5) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts appropriated to, and deposited in, the Fund, including any investment earnings accrued from the date of deposit in the Fund through the date of disbursement from the Fund, shall be made available to the Band by the Secretary beginning on the enforceability date. (6) WITHDRAWALS BY BAND PURSUANT TO THE  
AMERICAN INDIAN TRUST FUND MANAGEMENT  
REFORM ACT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Band may withdraw all or part of the amounts in the Fund on ap-proval by the Secretary of a tribal manage-ment plan submitted by the Band in accord-ance with the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the require-ments under the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the tribal management plan under subparagraph (A) shall require that the Band shall spend all amounts with-drawn from the Fund in accordance with this section. (ii) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial or administrative ac-tions as the Secretary determines to be nec-essary to enforce the tribal management plan to ensure that amounts withdrawn by the Band from the Fund under this para-graph are used in accordance with this sec-tion. (7) W
ITHDRAWALS BY BAND PURSUANT TO AN  
EXPENDITURE PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Band may submit an expenditure plan for approval by the Sec-retary requesting that all or part of the amounts in the Fund be disbursed in accord-ance with the plan. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The expenditure plan under subparagraph (A) shall include a de-scription of the manner and purpose for which the amounts proposed to be disbursed from the Fund will be used, in accordance with paragraph (8). (C) A
PPROVAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an expenditure plan submitted under this subsection is consistent with the purposes of this section, the Secretary shall approve the plan. (D) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial or administrative ac-tions as the Secretary determines necessary to enforce an expenditure plan to ensure that amounts disbursed under this paragraph are used in accordance with this section. (8) U
SES.—Amounts from the Fund shall be used by the Band for the following purposes: (A) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRA -
STRUCTURE ACCOUNT .—The Pechanga Recy-cled Water Infrastructure account shall be used for expenditures by the Band in accord-ance with subsection (g)(3). (B) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—The Pechanga ESAA Delivery Ca-pacity account shall be used for expenditures by the Band in accordance with subsection (g)(4). (C) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—The Pechanga Water Fund account shall be used for— (i) payment of the EMWD Connection Fee; (ii) payment of the MWD Connection Fee; and (iii) any expenses, charges, or fees incurred by the Band in connection with the delivery or use of water pursuant to the Pechanga Settlement Agreement. (D) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .— The Pechanga Water Quality account shall be used by the Band to fund groundwater de-salination activities within the Wolf Valley Basin. (9) L
IABILITY .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall not be liable for the expenditure of, or the investment of any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5801 September 15, 2016 
amounts withdrawn from, the Fund by the Band under paragraph (6) or (7). (10) N
O PER CAPITA DISTRIBUTIONS .—No por- tion of the Fund shall be distributed on a per capita basis to any member of the Band. (i) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .— (1) W
AIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY BY THE  
UNITED STATES .—Except as provided in sub-sections (a) through (c) of section 208 of the Department of Justice Appropriation Act, 1953 (43 U.S.C. 666), nothing in this section waives the sovereign immunity of the United States. (2) O
THER TRIBES NOT ADVERSELY AF -
FECTED .—Nothing in this section quantifies or diminishes any land or water right, or any claim or entitlement to land or water, of an Indian tribe, band, or community other than the Band. (3) L
IMITATION ON CLAIMS FOR REIMBURSE -
MENT .—With respect to Indian land within the Reservation— (A) the United States shall not submit against any Indian-owned land located with-in the Reservation any claim for reimburse-ment of the cost to the United States of car-rying out this section and the Pechanga Set-tlement Agreement; and (B) no assessment of any Indian-owned land located within the Reservation shall be made regarding that cost. (4) E
FFECT ON CURRENT LAW .—Nothing in this subsection affects any provision of law (including regulations) in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act with respect to preenforcement review of any Fed-eral environmental enforcement action. (j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) P
ECHANGA RECYCLED WATER INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCOUNT .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated $2,656,374, for deposit in the Pechanga Recycled Water Infrastructure ac-count, to carry out the activities described in subsection (g)(3). (2) P
ECHANGA ESAA DELIVERY CAPACITY AC -
COUNT .—There is authorized to be appro-priated $17,900,000, for deposit in the Pechanga ESAA Delivery Capacity account, which amount shall be adjusted for changes in construction costs since June 30, 2009, as is indicated by ENR Construction Cost Index, 20-City Average, as applicable to the types of construction required for the Band to provide the infrastructure necessary for the Band to provide the Interim Capacity and Permanent Capacity in the event that RCWD elects not to provide the Interim Ca-pacity or Permanent Capacity as set forth in the ESAA Capacity Agreement and con-templated in subparagraphs (B)(v) and (C)(vi) of subsection (g)(4), with such adjustment ending on the date on which funds author-ized to be appropriated under this subsection have been deposited in the Fund. (3) P
ECHANGA WATER FUND ACCOUNT .—There is authorized to be appropriated $5,483,653, for deposit in the Pechanga Water Fund ac-count, which amount shall be adjusted for changes in appropriate cost indices since June 30, 2009, with such adjustment ending on the date of deposit in the Fund, for the purposes set forth in subsection (h)(8)(C). (4) P
ECHANGA WATER QUALITY ACCOUNT .— There is authorized to be appropriated $2,460,000, for deposit in the Pechanga Water Quality account, which amount shall be ad-justed for changes in appropriate cost indices since June 30, 2009, with such adjustment ending on the date of deposit in the Fund, for the purposes set forth in subsection (h)(8)(D). (k) R
EPEAL ON FAILURE OF ENFORCEABILITY  D
ATE.—If the Secretary does not publish a statement of findings under subsection (f)(5) by April 30, 2021, or such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Band and the Sec-retary, as applicable— (1) this section is repealed effective on the later of May 1, 2021, or the day after the al-ternative date agreed to by the Band and the Secretary; (2) any action taken by the Secretary and any contract or agreement pursuant to the authority provided under any provision of this section shall be void; (3) any amounts appropriated under sub-section (j), together with any interest on those amounts, shall immediately revert to the general fund of the Treasury; and (4) any amounts made available under sub-section (j) that remain unexpended shall im-mediately revert to the general fund of the Treasury. (l) ANTIDEFICIENCY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any au-thorization of appropriations to carry out this section, the expenditure or advance of any funds, and the performance of any obli-gation by the Department in any capacity, pursuant to this section shall be contingent on the appropriation of funds for that ex-penditure, advance, or performance. (2) L
IABILITY .—The Department of the In-terior shall not be liable for the failure to carry out any obligation or activity author-ized by this section if adequate appropria-tions are not provided to carry out this sec-tion. 
SEC. 8010. GOLD KING MINE SPILL RECOVERY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) C
LAIMANT .—The term ‘‘claimant’’ means a State, Indian tribe, or local govern-ment that submits a claim under subsection (c). (3) G
OLD KING MINE RELEASE .—The term ‘‘Gold King Mine release’’ means the dis-charge on August 5, 2015, of approximately 3,000,000 gallons of contaminated water from the Gold King Mine north of Silverton, Colo-rado, into Cement Creek that occurred while contractors of the Environmental Protection Agency were conducting an investigation of the Gold King Mine to assess mine condi-tions. (4) N
ATIONAL CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term ‘‘National Contingency Plan’’ means the Na-tional Contingency Plan prepared and pub-lished under part 300 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations). (5) R
ESPONSE .—The term ‘‘response’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Administrator should re-ceive and process, as expeditiously as pos-sible, claims under chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’) for any injury arising out of the Gold King Mine release. (c) G
OLDKINGMINERELEASE CLAIMS PUR-
SUANT TO THE COMPREHENSIVE ENVIRON -
MENTAL RESPONSE , COMPENSATION , AND LI-
ABILITY ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, consistent with the National Contingency Plan, receive and process under the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), and pay from appropria-tions made available to the Administrator to carry out that Act, any claim made by a State, Indian tribe, or local government for eligible response costs relating to the Gold King Mine release. (2) E
LIGIBLE RESPONSE COSTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Response costs incurred between August 5, 2015, and September 9, 2016, are eligible for payment by the Admin-istrator under this subsection, without prior approval by the Administrator, if the re-sponse costs are not inconsistent with the National Contingency Plan. (B) PRIOR APPROVAL REQUIRED .—Response costs incurred after September 9, 2016, are el-igible for payment by the Administrator under this subsection if— (i) the Administrator approves the re-sponse costs under section 111(a)(2) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9611(a)(2)); and (ii) the response costs are not inconsistent with the National Contingency Plan. (3) P
RESUMPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall consider response costs claimed under para-graph (1) to be eligible response costs if a reasonable basis exists to establish that the response costs are not inconsistent with the National Contingency Plan. (B) A
PPLICABLE STANDARD .—In determining whether a response cost is not inconsistent with the National Contingency Plan, the Ad-ministrator shall apply the same standard that the United States applies in seeking re-covery of the response costs of the United States from responsible parties under section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9607). (4) T
IMING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall make a decision on, and pay, any eligible response costs submitted to the Administrator before that date of enact-ment. (B) S
UBSEQUENTLY FILED CLAIMS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a claim is submitted to the Administrator, the Ad-ministrator shall make a decision on, and pay, any eligible response costs. (C) D
EADLINE .—All claims under this sub-section shall be submitted to the Adminis-trator not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (D) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Administrator makes a decision under subparagraph (A) or (B), the Administrator shall notify the claimant of the decision. (d) W
ATER QUALITY PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In response to the Gold King Mine release, the Administrator, in conjunction with affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments, shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, develop and implement a program for long-term water quality monitoring of rivers contami-nated by the Gold King Mine release. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the program described in paragraph (1), the Ad-ministrator, in conjunction with affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments, shall— (A) collect water quality samples and sedi-ment data; (B) provide the public with a means of viewing the water quality sample results and sediment data referred to in subparagraph (A) by, at a minimum, posting the informa-tion on the website of the Administrator; (C) take any other reasonable measure nec-essary to assist affected States, Indian tribes, and local governments with long-term water monitoring; and (D) carry out additional program activities related to long-term water quality moni-toring that the Administrator determines to be necessary. (3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator such sums as may be nec-essary to carry out this subsection, includ-ing the reimbursement of affected States, In-dian tribes, and local governments for the costs of long-term water quality monitoring of any river contaminated by the Adminis-trator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5802 September 15, 2016 
(e) E XISTING STATE AND TRIBAL LAW.— Nothing in this section affects the jurisdic-tion or authority of any department, agency, or officer of any State government or any In-dian tribe. (f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion affects any right of any State, Indian tribe, or other person to bring a claim against the United States for response costs or natural resources damages pursuant to section 107 of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9607). 
SEC. 8011. REPORTS BY THE COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL. 
Not later than 5 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct the fol-lowing reviews and submit to Congress re-ports describing the results of the reviews: (1) A review of the implementation and ef-fectiveness of the Columbia River Basin res-toration program authorized under part V of subtitle F of title VII. (2) A review of the implementation and ef-fectiveness of watercraft inspection stations established by the Secretary under section 104 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (33 U.S.C. 610) in preventing the spread of aquat-ic invasive species at reservoirs operated and maintained by the Secretary. 
SEC. 8012. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) State water quality standards that im-pact the disposal of dredged material should be developed collaboratively, with input from all relevant stakeholders; (2) Open-water disposal of dredged material should be reduced to the maximum extent practicable; (3) Where practicable, the preference is for disputes between states related to the dis-posal of dredged material and the protection of water quality to be resolved between the states in accordance with regional plans and involving regional bodies. 
SEC. 8013. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION DAKOTAS AREA OFFICE PERMIT FEES FOR CABINS AND TRAILERS. 
During the period ending 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall not increase the permit fee for a cabin or trailer on land in the State of North Dakota administered by the Dako-tas Area Office of the Bureau of Reclamation by more than 33 percent of the permit fee that was in effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 8014. USE OF TRAILER HOMES AT HEART BUTTE DAM AND RESERVOIR (LAKE TSCHIDA). 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DDITION .—The term ‘‘addition’’ means any enclosed structure added onto the struc-ture of a trailer home that increases the liv-ing area of the trailer home. (2) C
AMPER OR RECREATIONAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘camper or recreational vehicle’’ in-cludes— (A) a camper, motorhome, trailer camper, bumper hitch camper, fifth wheel camper, or equivalent mobile shelter; and (B) a recreational vehicle. (3) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘‘imme-diate family’’ means a spouse, grandparent, parent, sibling, child, or grandchild. (4) P
ERMIT .—The term ‘‘permit’’ means a permit issued by the Secretary authorizing the use of a lot in a trailer area. (5) P
ERMIT YEAR .—The term ‘‘permit year’’ means the period beginning on April 1 of a calendar year and ending on March 31 of the following calendar year. (6) P
ERMITTEE .—The term ‘‘permittee’’ means a person holding a permit. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (8) TRAILER AREA .—The term ‘‘trailer area’’ means any of the following areas at Heart Butte Dam and Reservoir (Lake Tschida) (as described in the document of the Bureau of Reclamation entitled ‘‘Heart Butte Res-ervoir Resource Management Plan’’ (March 2008)): (A) Trailer Area 1 and 2, also known as Management Unit 034. (B) Southside Trailer Area, also known as Management Unit 014. (9) T
RAILER HOME .—The term ‘‘trailer home’’ means a dwelling placed on a sup-porting frame that— (A) has or had a tow-hitch; and (B) is made mobile, or is capable of being made mobile, by an axle and wheels. (b) P
ERMIT RENEWAL AND PERMITTED USE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the same permit renewal process for trailer area permits as the Secretary uses for other permit renewals in other reservoirs in the State of North Dakota administered by the Dakotas Area Office of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. (2) T
RAILER HOMES .—With respect to a trailer home, a permit for each permit year shall authorize the permittee— (A) to park the trailer home on the lot; (B) to use the trailer home on the lot; (C) to physically move the trailer home on and off the lot; and (D) to leave on the lot any addition, deck, porch, entryway, step to the trailer home, propane tank, or storage shed. (3) C
AMPERS OR RECREATIONAL VEHICLES .— With respect to a camper or recreational ve-hicle, a permit shall, for each permit year— (A) from April 1 to October 31, authorize the permittee— (i) to park the camper or recreational vehi-cle on the lot; (ii) to use the camper or recreational vehi-cle on the lot; and (iii) to move the camper or recreational ve-hicle on and off the lot; and (B) from November 1 to March 31, require a permittee to remove the camper or rec-reational vehicle from the lot. (c) R
EMOVAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire removal of a trailer home from a lot in a trailer area if the trailer home is flooded after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
EMOVAL AND NEW USE .—If the Sec-retary requires removal of a trailer home under paragraph (1), on request by the per-mittee, the Secretary shall authorize the permittee— (A) to replace the trailer home on the lot with a camper or recreational vehicle in ac-cordance with this section; or (B) to place a trailer home on the lot from April 1 to October 31. (d) T
RANSFER OF PERMITS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF TRAILER HOME TITLE .—If a permittee transfers title to a trailer home permitted on a lot in a trailer area, the Sec-retary shall issue a permit to the transferee, under the same terms as the permit applica-ble on the date of transfer, subject to the conditions described in paragraph (3). (2) T
RANSFER OF CAMPER OR RECREATIONAL  
VEHICLE TITLE .—If a permittee who has a per-mit to use a camper or recreational vehicle on a lot in a trailer area transfers title to the interests of the permittee on or to the lot, the Secretary shall issue a permit to the transferee, subject to the conditions de-scribed in paragraph (3). (3) C
ONDITIONS .—A permit issued by the Secretary under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be subject to the following conditions: (A) A permit may not be held in the name of a corporation. (B) A permittee may not have an interest in, or control of, more than 1 seasonal trailer home site in the Great Plains Region of the Bureau of Reclamation, inclusive of sites lo-cated on tracts permitted to organized groups on Reclamation reservoirs. (C) Not more than 2 persons may be per-mittees under 1 permit, unless— (i) approved by the Secretary; or (ii) the additional persons are immediate family members of the permittees. (e) ANCHORING REQUIREMENTS FOR TRAILER  H
OMES .—The Secretary shall require compli-ance with appropriate anchoring require-ments for each trailer home (including addi-tions to the trailer home) and other objects on a lot in a trailer area, as determined by the Secretary, after consulting with permit-tees. (f) R
EPLACEMENT , REMOVAL , ANDRETURN .— (1) R
EPLACEMENT .—Permittees may replace their trailer home with another trailer home. (2) R
EMOVAL AND RETURN .—Permittees may— (A) remove their trailer home; and (B) if the permittee removes their trailer home under subparagraph (A), return the trailer home to the lot of the permittee. (g) L
IABILITY ; TAKING .— (1) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for flood damage to the personal property of a permittee or for damages aris-ing out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to a lot to which a permit applies, other than for damages caused by an act or omission of the United States or an em-ployee, agent, or contractor of the United States before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
AKING .—Any temporary flooding or flood damage to the personal property of a permittee shall not be a taking by the United States. TITLE IX—BLACKFEET WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT ACT 
SEC. 9001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act’’. 
SEC. 9002. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this title are— (1) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final settlement of claims to water rights in the State of Montana for— (A) the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet In-dian Reservation; and (B) the United States, for the benefit of the Tribe and allottees; (2) to authorize, ratify, and confirm the water rights compact entered into by the Tribe and the State, to the extent that the Compact is consistent with this title; (3) to authorize and direct the Secretary of the Interior— (A) to execute the Compact; and (B) to take any other action necessary to carry out the Compact in accordance with this title; and (4) to authorize funds necessary for the im-plementation of the Compact and this title. 
SEC. 9003. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘allottee’’ means any individual who holds a beneficial real property interest in an allotment of Indian land that is— (A) located within the Reservation; and (B) held in trust by the United States. (2) B
IRCH CREEK AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Birch Creek Agreement’’ means— (A) the agreement between the Tribe and the State regarding Birch Creek water use dated January 31, 2008 (as amended on Feb-ruary 13, 2009); and (B) any amendment or exhibit (including exhibit amendments) to that agreement that is executed in accordance with this title. (3) B
LACKFEET IRRIGATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Blackfeet Irrigation Project’’ means the irrigation project authorized by the mat-ter under the heading ‘‘MONTANA’’ of title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5803 September 15, 2016 
II of the Act of March 1, 1907 (34 Stat. 1035, chapter 2285), and administered by the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs. (4) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘‘Compact’’ means— (A) the Blackfeet-Montana water rights compact dated April 15, 2009, as contained in section 85–20–1501 of the Montana Code Anno-tated (2015); and (B) any amendment or exhibit (including exhibit amendments) to the Compact that is executed to make the Compact consistent with this title. (5) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date described in section 9020(f). (6) L
AKE ELWELL .—The term ‘‘Lake Elwell’’ means the water impounded on the Marias River in the State by Tiber Dam, a feature of the Lower Marias Unit of the Pick-Sloan Missouri River Basin Program authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665). (7) M
ILK RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘‘Milk River Basin’’ means the North Fork, Middle Fork, South Fork, and main stem of the Milk River and tributaries, from the head-waters to the confluence with the Missouri River. (8) M
ILK RIVER PROJECT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Milk River Project’’ means the Bureau of Reclamation project conditionally approved by the Sec-retary on March 14, 1903, pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), commencing at Lake Sherburne Reservoir and providing water to a point approxi-mately 6 miles east of Nashua, Montana. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Milk River Project’’ includes— (i) the St. Mary Unit; (ii) the Fresno Dam and Reservoir; and (iii) the Dodson pumping unit. (9) M
ILK RIVER PROJECT WATER RIGHTS .— The term ‘‘Milk River Project water rights’’ means the water rights held by the Bureau of Reclamation on behalf of the Milk River Project, as finally adjudicated by the Mon-tana Water Court. (10) M
ILK RIVER WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘Milk River water right’’ means the portion of the Tribal water rights described in arti-cle III.F of the Compact and this title. (11) M
ISSOURI RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘‘Missouri River Basin’’ means the hydro-logic basin of the Missouri River (including tributaries). (12) MR&I 
SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘MR&I Sys-tem’’ means the intake, treatment, pumping, storage, pipelines, appurtenant items, and any other feature of the system, as generally described in the document entitled ‘‘Black-feet Regional Water System’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated June 2010, and modi-fied by DOWL HKM, as set out in the adden-dum to the report dated March 2013. (13) OM&R.—The term ‘‘OM&R’’ means— (A) any recurring or ongoing activity asso-ciated with the day-to-day operation of a project; (B) any activity relating to scheduled or unscheduled maintenance of a project; and (C) any activity relating to replacing a fea-ture of a project. (14) R
ESERVATION .—The term ‘‘Reserva-tion’’ means the Blackfeet Indian Reserva-tion of Montana, as— (A) established by the Treaty of October 17, 1855 (11 Stat. 657); and (B) modified by— (i) the Executive Order of July 5, 1873 (re-lating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (ii) the Act of April 15, 1874 (18 Stat. 28, chapter 96); (iii) the Executive order of August 19, 1874 (relating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (iv) the Executive order of April 13, 1875 (relating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (v) the Executive order of July 13, 1880 (re-lating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (vi) the Agreement with the Blackfeet, ratified by the Act of May 1, 1888 (25 Stat. 113, chapter 213); and (vii) the Agreement with the Blackfeet, ratified by the Act of June 10, 1896 (29 Stat. 353, chapter 398). (15) ST. MARY RIVER WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘St. Mary River water right’’ means that portion of the Tribal water rights de-scribed in article III.G.1.a.i. of the Compact and this title. (16) S
T. MARY UNIT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘St. Mary Unit’’ means the St. Mary Storage Unit of the Milk River Project authorized by Con-gress on March 25, 1905. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘St. Mary Unit’’ includes— (i) Sherburne Dam and Reservoir; (ii) Swift Current Creek Dike; (iii) Lower St. Mary Lake; (iv) St. Mary Canal Diversion Dam; and (v) St. Mary Canal and appurtenances. (17) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (18) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Montana. (19) S
WIFTCURRENT CREEK BANK STABILIZA -
TION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project’’ means the project to mitigate the physical and en-vironmental problems associated with the St. Mary Unit from Sherburne Dam to the St. Mary River, as described in the report en-titled ‘‘Boulder/Swiftcurrent Creek Sta-bilization Project, Phase II Investigations Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 2012. (20) T
RIBAL WATER RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘Tribal water rights’’ means the water rights of the Tribe described in article III of the Compact and this title, including— (A) the Lake Elwell allocation provided to the Tribe under section 9009; and (B) the instream flow water rights de-scribed in section 9019. (21) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Res-ervation of Montana. 
SEC. 9004. RATIFICATION OF COMPACT. 
(a) R ATIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As modified by this title, the Compact is authorized, ratified, and con-firmed. (2) A
MENDMENTS .—Any amendment to the Compact is authorized, ratified, and con-firmed, to the extent that such amendment is executed to make the Compact consistent with this title. (b) E
XECUTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Compact does not conflict with this title, the Secretary shall execute the Compact, includ-ing all exhibits to, or parts of, the Compact requiring the signature of the Secretary. (2) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Nothing in this title precludes the Secretary from approving any modification to an appendix or exhibit to the Compact that is consistent with this title, to the extent that the modification does not otherwise require congressional approval under section 2116 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177) or any other applicable provision of Federal law. (c) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the Com-pact and this title, the Secretary shall com-ply with all applicable provisions of— (A) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (B) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (C) all other applicable environmental laws and regulations. (2) EFFECT OF EXECUTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The execution of the Compact by the Secretary under this section shall not constitute a major Federal action for purposes of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall carry out all Federal compliance activities necessary to implement the Compact and this title. 
SEC. 9005. MILK RIVER WATER RIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With respect to the Milk River water right, the Tribe— (1) may continue the historical uses and the uses in existence on the date of enact-ment of this title; and (2) except as provided in article III.F.1.d of the Compact, shall not develop new uses until the date on which— (A) the Tribe has entered into the agree-ment described in subsection (c); or (B) the Secretary has established the terms and conditions described in subsection (e). (b) W
ATER RIGHTS ARISING UNDER STATE  L
AW.—With respect to any water rights aris-ing under State law in the Milk River Basin owned or acquired by the Tribe, the Tribe— (1) may continue any use in existence on the date of enactment of this title; and (2) shall not change any use until the date on which— (A) the Tribe has entered into the agree-ment described in subsection (c); or (B) the Secretary has established the terms and conditions described in subsection (e). (c) T
RIBAL AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Commissioner of Reclamation and the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community shall enter into an agreement to provide for the exercise of their respective water rights on the respective reservations of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community in the Milk River. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The agreement en-tered into under paragraph (1) shall take into consideration— (A) the equal priority dates of the 2 Indian tribes; (B) the water supplies of the Milk River; and (C) historical, current, and future uses identified by each Indian tribe. (d) S
ECRETARIAL DETERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the agreement de-scribed in subsection (c) is submitted to the Secretary, the Secretary shall review and ap-prove or disapprove the agreement. (2) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove the agreement if the Secretary finds that the agreement— (A) equitably accommodates the interests of each Indian tribe in the Milk River; (B) adequately considers the factors de-scribed in subsection (c)(2); and (C) is otherwise in accordance with appli-cable law. (3) D
EADLINE EXTENSION .—The deadline to review the agreement described in paragraph (1) may be extended by the Secretary after consultation with the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community. (e) S
ECRETARIAL DECISION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community do not, by 3 years after the Secretary certifies under sec-tion 9020(f)(5) that the Tribal membership has approved the Compact and this title, enter into an agreement approved under sub-section (d)(2), the Secretary, in the Sec-retary’s sole discretion, shall establish, after consultation with the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community, terms and con-ditions that reflect the considerations de-scribed in subsection (c)(2) by which the re-spective water rights of the Tribe and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5804 September 15, 2016 
Fort Belknap Indian Community in the Milk River may be exercised. (2) C
ONSIDERATION AS FINAL AGENCY AC -
TION.—The establishment by the Secretary of terms and conditions under paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a final agency ac-tion for purposes of review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. (3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—An action for judi-cial review pursuant to this section shall be brought by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of notification of the es-tablishment of the terms and conditions under this subsection. (4) I
NCORPORATION INTO DECREES .—The agreement under subsection (c), or the deci-sion of the Secretary under this subsection, shall be filed with the Montana Water Court, or the district court with jurisdiction, for in-corporation into the final decrees of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Commu-nity. (5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The agreement under subsection (c) and a decision of the Secretary under this subsection— (A) shall be effective immediately; and (B) may not be modified absent— (i) the approval of the Secretary; and (ii) the consent of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community. (f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary shall dis-tribute equally the funds made available under section 9018(a)(2)(C)(ii) to the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community to use to reach an agreement under this sec-tion, including for technical analyses and legal and other related efforts. 
SEC. 9006. WATER DELIVERY THROUGH MILK RIVER PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall carry out the activities author-ized under this section with respect to the St. Mary River water right. (b) T
REATMENT .—Notwithstanding article IV.D.4 of the Compact, any responsibility of the United States with respect to the St. Mary River water right shall be limited to, and fulfilled pursuant to— (1) subsection (c) of this section; and (2) subsection (b)(3) of section 9016 and sub-section (a)(1)(C) of section 9018. (c) W
ATER DELIVERY CONTRACT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enforceability date, the Secretary shall enter into a water delivery contract with the Tribe for the delivery of not greater than 5,000 acre-feet per year of the St. Mary River water right through Milk River Project facilities to the Tribe or another en-tity specified by the Tribe. (2) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The contract under paragraph (1) shall establish the terms and conditions for the water deliveries de-scribed in paragraph (1) in accordance with the Compact and this title. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The water delivery contract under paragraph (1) shall include provisions requiring that— (A) the contract shall be without limit as to term; (B) the Tribe, and not the United States, shall collect, and shall be entitled to, all consideration due to the Tribe under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursuant to subsection (f); (C) the United States shall have no obliga-tion to monitor, administer, or account for— (i) any funds received by the Tribe as con-sideration under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursu-ant to subsection (f); or (ii) the expenditure of such funds; (D) if water deliveries under the contract are interrupted for an extended period of time because of damage to, or a reduction in the capacity of, St. Mary Unit facilities, the rights of the Tribe shall be treated in the same manner as the rights of other contrac-tors receiving water deliveries through the Milk River Project with respect to the water delivered under this section; (E) deliveries of water under this section shall be— (i) limited to not greater than 5,000 acre- feet of water in any 1 year; (ii) consistent with operations of the Milk River Project and without additional costs to the Bureau of Reclamation, including op-eration, maintenance, and replacement costs; and (iii) without additional cost to the Milk River Project water users; and (F) the Tribe shall be required to pay OM&R for water delivered under this section. (d) SHORTAGE SHARING OR REDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The 5,000 acre-feet per year of water delivered under paragraph (3)(E)(i) of subsection (c) shall not be subject to shortage sharing or reduction, except as provided in paragraph (3)(D) of that sub-section. (2) N
O INJURY TO MILK RIVER PROJECT WATER  
USERS .—Notwithstanding article IV.D.4 of the Compact, any reduction in the Milk River Project water supply caused by the de-livery of water under subsection (c) shall not constitute injury to Milk River Project water users. (e) S
UBSEQUENT CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the studies au-thorized by section 9007(c)(1), the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Rec-lamation, and in cooperation with the Tribe, shall identify alternatives to provide to the Tribe water from the St. Mary River water right in quantities greater than the 5,000 acre-feet per year of water described in sub-section (c)(3)(E)(i). (2) C
ONTRACT FOR WATER DELIVERY .—If the Secretary determines under paragraph (1) that more than 5,000 acre-feet per year of the St. Mary River water right can be delivered to the Tribe, the Secretary shall offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with the Tribe for the delivery of that water, subject to the requirements of subsection (c)(3), except sub-section (c)(3)(E)(i), and this subsection. (3) T
REATMENT .—Any delivery of water under this subsection shall be subject to re-duction in the same manner as for Milk River Project contract holders. (f) S
UBCONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may enter into any subcontract for the delivery of water under this section to a third party, in ac-cordance with section 9015(e). (2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH OTHER LAW .—All sub- contracts described in paragraph (1) shall comply with— (A) this title; (B) the Compact; (C) the tribal water code; and (D) other applicable law. (3) N
O LIABILITY .—The Secretary shall not be liable to any party, including the Tribe, for any term of, or any loss or other det-riment resulting from, a lease, contract, or other agreement entered into pursuant to this subsection. (g) E
FFECT OF PROVISIONS .—Nothing in this section— (1) precludes the Tribe from taking the water described in subsection (c)(3)(E)(i), or any additional water provided under sub-section (e), from the direct flow of the St. Mary River; or (2) modifies the quantity of the Tribal water rights described in article III.G.1 of the Compact. (h) O
THER RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding the requirements of article III.G.1.d of the Com-pact, after satisfaction of all water rights under State law for use of St. Mary River water, including the Milk River Project water rights, the Tribe shall have the right to the remaining portion of the share of the United States in the St. Mary River under the International Boundary Waters Treaty of 1909 (36 Stat. 2448) for any tribally authorized use or need consistent with this title. SEC. 9007. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION ACTIVITIES TO IMPROVE WATER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) M ILKRIVER PROJECT PURPOSES .—The purposes of the Milk River Project shall in-clude— (1) irrigation; (2) flood control; (3) the protection of fish and wildlife; (4) recreation; (5) the provision of municipal, rural, and industrial water supply; and (6) hydroelectric power generation. (b) U
SE OF MILKRIVER PROJECT FACILITIES  
FOR THE BENEFIT OF TRIBE.—The use of Milk River Project facilities to transport water for the Tribe pursuant to subsections (c) and (e) of section 9006, together with any use by the Tribe of that water in accordance with this title— (1) shall be considered to be an authorized purpose of the Milk River Project; and (2) shall not change the priority date of any Tribal water rights. (c) S
T. MARYRIVER STUDIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Tribe and the State, shall conduct— (A) an appraisal study— (i) to develop a plan for the management and development of water supplies in the St. Mary River Basin and Milk River Basin, in-cluding the St. Mary River and Milk River water supplies for the Tribe and the Milk River water supplies for the Fort Belknap In-dian Community; and (ii) to identify alternatives to develop ad-ditional water of the St. Mary River for the Tribe; and (B) a feasibility study— (i) using the information resulting from the appraisal study conducted under para-graph (1) and such other information as is relevant, to evaluate the feasibility of— (I) alternatives for the rehabilitation of the St. Mary Diversion Dam and Canal; and (II) increased storage in Fresno Dam and Reservoir; and (ii) to create a cost allocation study that is based on the authorized purposes described in subsections (a) and (b). (2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—On request of the Tribe, the Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement with the Tribe with respect to the portion of the appraisal study described in paragraph (1)(A). (3) C
OSTS NONREIMBURSABLE .—The cost of the studies under this subsection shall not be— (A) considered to be a cost of the Milk River Project; or (B) reimbursable in accordance with the reclamation laws. (d) S
WIFTCURRENT CREEK BANK STABILIZA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall carry out appropriate activities concerning the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project, including— (A) a review of the final project design; and (B) value engineering analyses. (2) M
ODIFICATION OF FINAL DESIGN .—Prior to beginning construction activities for the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project, on the basis of the review conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ne-gotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes, if any, to the final design— (A) to ensure compliance with applicable industry standards; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5805 September 15, 2016 
(B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project; and (C) to ensure that the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project may be con-structed using only the amounts made avail-able under section 9018. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA .—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out the Swiftcurrent Bank Stabilization Project. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs incurred under this sec-tion. (f) M
ILK RIVER PROJECT RIGHTS -OF-WAY 
ANDEASEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Tribe shall grant the United States a right-of-way on Reservation land owned by the Tribe for all uses by the Milk River Project (permissive or otherwise) in existence as of December 31, 2015, including all facilities, flowage easements, and access easements necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Milk River Project. (2) A
GREEMENT REGARDING EXISTING USES .— The Tribe and the Secretary shall enter into an agreement for a process to determine the location, nature, and extent of the existing uses referenced in this subsection. The agree-ment shall require that— (A) a panel of 3 individuals determine the location, nature, and extent of existing uses necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Milk River Project (the ‘‘Panel Deter-mination’’), with the Tribe appointing 1 rep-resentative of the Tribe, the Secretary ap-pointing 1 representative of the Secretary, and those 2 representatives jointly appoint-ing a third individual; (B) if the Panel Determination is unani-mous, the Tribe grant a right-of-way to the United States for the existing uses identified in the Panel Determination in accordance with applicable law without additional com-pensation; (C) if the Panel Determination is not unan-imous— (i) the Secretary adopt the Panel Deter-mination with any amendments the Sec-retary reasonably determines necessary to correct any clear error (the ‘‘Interior Deter-mination’’), provided that if any portion of the Panel Determination is unanimous, the Secretary will not amend that portion; and (ii) the Tribe grant a right-of-way to the United States for the existing uses identified in the Interior Determination in accordance with applicable law without additional com-pensation, with the agreement providing for the timing of the grant to take into consid-eration the possibility of review under para-graph (5). (3) E
FFECT .—Determinations made under this subsection— (A) do not address title as between the United States and the Tribe; and (B) do not apply to any new use of Reserva-tion land by the United States for the Milk River Project after December 31, 2015. (4) I
NTERIOR DETERMINATION AS FINAL AGEN -
CY ACTION .—Any determination by the Sec-retary under paragraph (2)(C) shall be consid-ered to be a final agency action for purposes of review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. (5) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—An action for judi-cial review pursuant to this section shall be brought by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of notification of the In-terior Determination. (g) FUNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary shall not ex-ceed— (1) $3,800,000 to carry out subsection (c); (2) $20,700,000 to carry out subsection (d); and (3) $3,100,000 to carry out subsection (f). 
SEC. 9008. ST. MARY CANAL HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION. 
(a) B UREAU OF RECLAMATION JURISDIC -
TION.—Effective beginning on the date of en-actment of this title, the Commissioner of Reclamation shall have exclusive jurisdic-tion to authorize the development of hydro-power on the St. Mary Unit. (b) R
IGHTS OF TRIBE.— (1) E
XCLUSIVE RIGHT OF TRIBE .—Subject to paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Tribe shall have the ex-clusive right to develop and market hydro-electric power of the St. Mary Unit. (2) L
IMITATIONS .—The exclusive right de-scribed in paragraph (1)— (A) shall expire on the date that is 15 years after the date of enactment of an Act appro-priating funds for rehabilitation of the St. Mary Unit; but (B) may be extended by the Secretary at the request of the Tribe. (3) OM&R 
COSTS .—Effective beginning on the date that is 10 years after the date on which the Tribe begins marketing hydro-electric power generated from the St. Mary Unit to any third party, the Tribe shall make annual payments for operation, main-tenance, and replacement costs attributable to the direct use of any facilities by the Tribe for hydroelectric power generation, in amounts determined in accordance with the guidelines and methods of the Bureau of Rec-lamation for assessing operation, mainte-nance, and replacement charges. (c) B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION COOPERA -
TION.—The Commissioner of Reclamation shall cooperate with the Tribe in the devel-opment of any hydroelectric power genera-tion project under this section. (d) A
GREEMENT .—Before construction of a hydroelectric power generation project under this section, the Tribe shall enter into an agreement with the Commissioner of Rec-lamation that includes provisions— (1) requiring that— (A) the design, construction, and operation of the project shall be consistent with the Bureau of Reclamation guidelines and meth-ods for hydroelectric power development at Bureau facilities, as appropriate; and (B) the hydroelectric power generation project will not impair the efficiencies of the Milk River Project for authorized purposes; (2) regarding construction and operating criteria and emergency procedures; and (3) under which any modification proposed by the Tribe to a facility owned by the Bu-reau of Reclamation shall be subject to re-view and approval by the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (e) U
SE OF HYDROELECTRIC POWER BY  T
RIBE.—Any hydroelectric power generated in accordance with this section shall be used or marketed by the Tribe. (f) R
EVENUES .—The Tribe shall collect and retain any revenues from the sale of hydro-electric power generated by a project under this section. (g) L
IABILITY OF UNITED STATES .—The United States shall have no obligation to monitor, administer, or account for— (1) any revenues received by the Tribe under this section; or (2) the expenditure of those revenues. (h) P
REFERENCE .—During any period for which the exclusive right of the Tribe de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) is not in effect, the Tribe shall have a preference to develop hydropower on the St. Mary Unit facilities, in accordance with Bureau of Reclamation guidelines and methods for hydroelectric power development at Bureau facilities. SEC. 9009. STORAGE ALLOCATION FROM LAKE ELWELL. 
(a)(1) S TORAGE ALLOCATION TO TRIBE.—The Secretary shall allocate to the Tribe 45,000 acre-feet per year of water stored in Lake Elwell for use by the Tribe for any beneficial purpose on or off the Reservation, under a water right held by the United States and managed by the Bureau of Reclamation, as measured at the outlet works of Tiber Dam or through direct pumping from Lake Elwell. (2) R
EDUCTION .—Up to 10,000 acre-feet per year of water allocated to the Tribe pursuant to paragraph (1) will be subject to an acre- foot for acre-foot reduction if depletions from the Tribal water rights above Lake Elwell exceed 88,000 acre-feet per year of water because of New Development (as de-fined in article II.37 of the Compact). (b) T
REATMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The allocation to the Tribe under subsection (a) shall be consid-ered to be part of the Tribal water rights. (2) P
RIORITY DATE .—The priority date of the allocation to the Tribe under subsection (a) shall be the priority date of the Lake Elwell water right held by the Bureau of Reclamation. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Tribe shall ad-minister the water allocated under sub-section (a) in accordance with the Compact and this title. (c) A
LLOCATION AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing an allocation under this section, the Tribe shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary to establish the terms and condi-tions of the allocation, in accordance with the Compact and this title. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The agreement under paragraph (1) shall include provisions estab-lishing that— (A) the agreement shall be without limit as to term; (B) the Tribe, and not the United States, shall be entitled to all consideration due to the Tribe under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursu-ant to subsection (d); (C) the United States shall have no obliga-tion to monitor, administer, or account for— (i) any funds received by the Tribe as con-sideration under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursu-ant to subsection (d); or (ii) the expenditure of those funds; (D) if the capacity or function of Lake Elwell facilities are significantly reduced, or are anticipated to be significantly reduced, for an extended period of time, the Tribe shall have the same rights as other storage contractors with respect to the allocation under this section; (E) the costs associated with the construc-tion of the storage facilities at Tiber Dam al-locable to the Tribe shall be nonreimburs-able; (F) no water service capital charge shall be due or payable for any water allocated to the Tribe pursuant to this section or the alloca-tion agreement, regardless of whether that water is delivered for use by the Tribe or under a lease, contract, or by agreement en-tered into by the Tribe pursuant to sub-section (d); (G) the Tribe shall not be required to make payments to the United States for any water allocated to the Tribe under this title or the allocation agreement, except for each acre- foot of stored water leased or transferred for industrial purposes as described in subpara-graph (H); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5806 September 15, 2016 
(H) for each acre-foot of stored water leased or transferred by the Tribe for indus-trial purposes— (i) the Tribe shall pay annually to the United States an amount necessary to cover the proportional share of the annual oper-ation, maintenance, and replacement costs allocable to the quantity of water leased or transferred by the Tribe for industrial pur-poses; and (ii) the annual payments of the Tribe shall be reviewed and adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect the actual operation, maintenance, and replacement costs for Tiber Dam; and (I) the adjustment process identified in subsection (a)(2) will be based on specific enumerated provisions. (d) A
GREEMENTS BY TRIBE.—The Tribe may use, lease, contract, exchange, or enter into other agreements for use of the water allo-cated to the Tribe under subsection (a), if— (1) the use of water that is the subject of such an agreement occurs within the Mis-souri River Basin; and (2) the agreement does not permanently al-ienate any portion of the water allocated to the Tribe under subsection (a). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The allocation under subsection (a) takes effect on the enforce-ability date. (f) N
OCARRYOVER STORAGE .—The alloca-tion under subsection (a) shall not be in-creased by any year-to-year carryover stor-age. (g) D
EVELOPMENT AND DELIVERY COSTS.— The United States shall not be required to pay the cost of developing or delivering any water allocated under this section. 
SEC. 9010. IRRIGATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion and in accordance with subsection (c), shall carry out the following actions relating to the Blackfeet Irrigation Project: (1) Deferred maintenance. (2) Dam safety improvements for Four Horns Dam. (3) Rehabilitation and enhancement of the Four Horns Feeder Canal, Dam, and Res-ervoir. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with re-spect to any activities carried out under this section. (c) S
COPE OF DEFERRED MAINTENANCE AC-
TIVITIES AND FOUR HORNS DAMSAFETY IM-
PROVEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the conditions described in paragraph (2), the scope of the deferred maintenance activities and Four Horns Dam safety improvements shall be as generally described in— (A) the document entitled ‘‘Engineering Evaluation and Condition Assessment, Blackfeet Irrigation Project’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated August 2007; and (B) the provisions relating to Four Horns Rehabilitated Dam of the document entitled ‘‘Four Horns Dam Enlarged Appraisal Eval-uation Design Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated April 2007. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to in paragraph (1) are that, before commencing construction activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed reha-bilitation or improvement; (B) perform value engineering analyses; (C) perform appropriate Federal environ-mental compliance activities; and (D) ensure that the deferred maintenance activities and dam safety improvements may be constructed using only the amounts made available under section 9018. (d) S
COPE OF REHABILITATION AND ENHANCE -
MENT OF FOUR HORNS FEEDER CANAL , DAM, 
ANDRESERVOIR .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The scope of the rehabili-tation and improvements shall be as gen-erally described in the document entitled ‘‘Four Horns Feeder Canal Rehabilitation with Export’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated April 2013, subject to the condition that, before commencing construction ac-tivities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed reha-bilitation or improvement; (B) perform value engineering analyses; (C) perform appropriate Federal environ-mental compliance activities; and (D) ensure that the rehabilitation and im-provements may be constructed using only the amounts made available under section 9018. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The activities carried out by the Secretary under this subsection shall include— (A) the rehabilitation or improvement of the Four Horns feeder canal system to a ca-pacity of not fewer than 360 cubic feet per second; (B) the rehabilitation or improvement of the outlet works of Four Horns Dam and Reservoir to deliver not less than 15,000 acre- feet of water per year, in accordance with subparagraph (C); and (C) construction of facilities to deliver not less than 15,000 acre-feet of water per year from Four Horns Dam and Reservoir, to a point on or near Birch Creek to be des-ignated by the Tribe and the State for deliv-ery of water to the water delivery system of the Pondera County Canal and Reservoir Company on Birch Creek, in accordance with the Birch Creek Agreement. (3) N
EGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes to the final design of any activity under this subsection to ensure that the final design meets applicable indus-try standards. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall not exceed $54,900,000, of which— (1) $40,900,000 shall be allocated to carry out the activities described in subsection (c); and (2) $14,000,000 shall be allocated to carry out the activities described in subsection (d)(2). (f) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (g) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTION .—No part of the project under subsection (d) shall be commenced until the State has made avail-able $20,000,000 to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (d)(2). (h) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under subsection (m), subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 per-cent of the total project costs for each project. (i) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activi-ties relating to the projects described in this section results in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Secretary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 9007(d), 9011, 9012, or 9013; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Black-feet OM&R Trust Account. (j) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE OF BIRCH CREEK  D
ELIVERY FACILITIES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall transfer to the Tribe, at no cost, title in and to the facilities constructed under sub-section (d)(2)(C). (k) OWNERSHIP , OPERATION , AND MAINTE -
NANCE .—On transfer to the Tribe of title under subsection (j), the Tribe shall— (1) be responsible for OM&R in accordance with the Birch Creek Agreement; and (2) enter into an agreement with the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs regarding the oper-ation of the facilities described in that sub-section. (l) L
IABILITY OF UNITED STATES .—The United States shall have no obligation or re-sponsibility with respect the facilities de-scribed in subsection (d)(2)(C). (m) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. (n) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— (1) alters any applicable law (including reg-ulations) under which the Bureau of Indian Affairs collects assessments or carries out Blackfeet Irrigation Project OM&R; or (2) impacts the availability of amounts made available under subsection (a)(1)(B) of section 9018. 
SEC. 9011. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF MR&I SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall plan, design, and construct the water diversion and delivery features of the MR&I System in accordance with 1 or more agreements between the Secretary and the Tribe. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with re-spect to any activity to design and construct the water diversion and delivery features of the MR&I System. (c) S
COPE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The scope of the design and construction under this section shall be as generally described in the document enti-tled ‘‘Blackfeet Regional Water System’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, dated June 2010, and modified by DOWL HKM in the adden-dum to the report dated March 2013, subject to the condition that, before commencing final design and construction activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed reha-bilitation and construction; (B) perform value engineering analyses; and (C) perform appropriate Federal compli-ance activities. (2) N
EGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes, if any, to the final de-sign— (A) to ensure that the final design meets applicable industry standards; (B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of the delivery of MR&I System water; and (C) to ensure that the MR&I System may be constructed using only the amounts made available under section 9018. (d) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall not exceed $76,200,000. (f) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTION .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—Before completion of the final design of the MR&I System re-quired by subsection (c), the Secretary shall consult with the Tribe, the State, and other affected non-Federal parties to discuss the possibility of receiving non-Federal con-tributions for the cost of the MR&I System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5807 September 15, 2016 
(2) N EGOTIATIONS .—If, based on the extent to which non-Federal parties are expected to use the MR&I System, a non-Federal con-tribution to the MR&I System is determined by the parties described in paragraph (1) to be appropriate, the Secretary shall initiate negotiations for an agreement regarding the means by which the contributions shall be provided. (g) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to the MR&I System and all facilities rehabilitated or constructed under this section shall be held by the Tribe. (h) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs incurred under this sec-tion. (i) OM&R C
OSTS.—The Federal Govern-ment shall have no obligation to pay for the operation, maintenance, or replacement costs for any facility rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (j) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activi-ties relating to the projects described in this section results in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Secretary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 9007(d), 9010, 9011(a), 9012, or 9013; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Black-feet OM&R Trust Account. (k) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. 
SEC. 9012. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF WATER STORAGE AND IRRIGATION FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall plan, design, and construct 1 or more facilities to store water and support ir-rigation on the Reservation in accordance with 1 or more agreements between the Sec-retary and the Tribe. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with re-spect to any activity to design and construct the irrigation development and water stor-age facilities described in subsection (c). (c) S
COPE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The scope of the design and construction under this section shall be as generally described in the document enti-tled ‘‘Blackfeet Water Storage, Develop-ment, and Project Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 13, 2013, as modified and agreed to by the Secretary and the Tribe, subject to the condition that, be-fore commencing final design and construc-tion activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed con-struction; (B) perform value engineering analyses; and (C) perform appropriate Federal compli-ance activities. (2) M
ODIFICATION .—The Secretary may modify the scope of construction for the projects described in the document referred to in paragraph (1), if— (A) the modified project is— (i) similar in purpose to the proposed projects; and (ii) consistent with the purposes of this title; and (B) the Secretary has consulted with the Tribe regarding any modification. (3) NEGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes, if any, to the final de-sign— (A) to ensure that the final design meets applicable industry standards; (B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of any construction; and (C) to ensure that the projects may be con-structed using only the amounts made avail-able under section 9018. (d) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall not exceed $87,300,000. (f) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to all facili-ties rehabilitated or constructed under this section shall be held by the Tribe, except that title to the Birch Creek Unit of the Blackfeet Indian Irrigation Project shall re-main with the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (g) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs incurred under this sec-tion. (h) OM&R C
OSTS.—The Federal Govern-ment shall have no obligation to pay for the operation, maintenance, or replacement costs for the facilities rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (i) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activi-ties relating to the projects described in this section results in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Secretary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 9007(d), 9010, 9011, or 9013; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Black-feet OM&R Trust Account. (j) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. 
SEC. 9013. BLACKFEET WATER, STORAGE, AND DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) S
COPE.—The scope of the construction under this section shall be as generally de-scribed in the document entitled ‘‘Blackfeet Water Storage, Development, and Project Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 13, 2013, as modified and agreed to by the Secretary and the Tribe. (2) M
ODIFICATION .—The Tribe may modify the scope of the projects described in the document referred to in paragraph (1) if— (A) the modified project is— (i) similar to the proposed project; and (ii) consistent with the purposes of this title; and (B) the modification is approved by the Secretary. (b) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (c) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall not exceed $91,000,000. (d) OM&R C
OSTS.—The Federal Govern-ment shall have no obligation to pay for the operation, maintenance, or replacement costs for the facilities rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (e) OWNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to any fa-cility constructed under this section shall be held by the Tribe. 
SEC. 9014. EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) T RIBAL EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS -OF- W
AY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On request of the Sec-retary, the Tribe shall grant, at no cost to the United States, such easements and rights-of-way over tribal land as are nec-essary for the construction of the projects authorized by sections 9010 and 9011. (2) J
URISDICTION .—An easement or right-of- way granted by the Tribe pursuant to para-graph (1) shall not affect in any respect the civil or criminal jurisdiction of the Tribe over the easement or right-of-way. (b) L
ANDOWNER EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS -OF- W
AY.—In partial consideration for the con-struction activities authorized by section 9011, and as a condition of receiving service from the MR&I System, a landowner shall grant, at no cost to the United States or the Tribe, such easements and rights-of-way over the land of the landowner as may be nec-essary for the construction of the MR&I Sys-tem. (c) L
AND ACQUIRED BY UNITED STATES OR  T
RIBE.—Any land acquired within the bound-aries of the Reservation by the United States on behalf of the Tribe, or by the Tribe on be-half of the Tribe, in connection with achiev-ing the purposes of this title shall be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe. 
SEC. 9015. TRIBAL WATER RIGHTS. 
(a) C ONFIRMATION OF TRIBAL WATER  R
IGHTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribal water rights are ratified, confirmed, and declared to be valid. (2) U
SE.—Any use of the Tribal water rights shall be subject to the terms and con-ditions of the Compact and this title. (3) C
ONFLICT .—In the event of a conflict be-tween the Compact and this title, the provi-sions of this title shall control. (b) I
NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of Congress to provide to each allottee benefits that are equivalent to, or exceed, the bene-fits the allottees possess on the day before the date of enactment of this title, taking into consideration— (1) the potential risks, cost, and time delay associated with litigation that would be re-solved by the Compact and this title; (2) the availability of funding under this title and from other sources; (3) the availability of water from the Trib-al water rights; and (4) the applicability of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), and this title to protect the interests of allottees. (c) T
RUST STATUS OF TRIBAL WATER  R
IGHTS .—The Tribal water rights— (1) shall be held in trust by the United States for the use and benefit of the Tribe and the allottees in accordance with this title; and (2) shall not be subject to forfeiture or abandonment. (d) A
LLOTTEES .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY OF ACT OF FEBRUARY 8 , 
1887.—The provisions of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), relating to the use of water for irrigation purposes shall apply to the Tribal water rights. (2) E
NTITLEMENT TO WATER .—Any entitle-ment to water of an allottee under Federal law shall be satisfied from the Tribal water rights. (3) A
LLOCATIONS .—An allottee shall be enti-tled to a just and equitable allocation of water for irrigation purposes. (4) C
LAIMS .— (A) E
XHAUSTION OF REMEDIES .—Before as-serting any claim against the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5808 September 15, 2016 
under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or any other applicable law, an allottee shall exhaust remedies available under the tribal water code or other applica-ble tribal law. (B) A
CTION FOR RELIEF .—After the exhaus-tion of all remedies available under the trib-al water code or other applicable tribal law, an allottee may seek relief under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or other applicable law. (5) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary shall have the authority to protect the rights of allottees in accordance with this section. (e) A
UTHORITY OF TRIBE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe shall have the authority to allocate, distribute, and lease the Tribal water rights for any use on the Reservation in accordance with the Com-pact, this title, and applicable Federal law. (2) O
FF-RESERVATION USE .—The Tribe may allocate, distribute, and lease the Tribal water rights for off-Reservation use in ac-cordance with the Compact, subject to the approval of the Secretary. (3) L
AND LEASES BY ALLOTTEES .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1), an allottee may lease any interest in land held by the allottee, to-gether with any water right determined to be appurtenant to the interest in land, in ac-cordance with the tribal water code. (f) T
RIBAL WATER CODE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding article IV.C.1 of the Compact, not later than 4 years after the date on which the Tribe ratifies the Compact in accordance with this title, the Tribe shall enact a tribal water code that provides for— (A) the management, regulation, and gov-ernance of all uses of the Tribal water rights in accordance with the Compact and this title; and (B) establishment by the Tribe of condi-tions, permit requirements, and other re-quirements for the allocation, distribution, or use of the Tribal water rights in accord-ance with the Compact and this title. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Subject to the approval of the Secretary, the tribal water code shall provide— (A) that use of water by allottees shall be satisfied with water from the Tribal water rights; (B) a process by which an allottee may re-quest that the Tribe provide water for irriga-tion use in accordance with this title, includ-ing the provision of water under any allottee lease under section 4 of the Act of June 25, 1910 (25 U.S.C. 403); (C) a due process system for the consider-ation and determination by the Tribe of any request by an allottee (or a successor in in-terest to an allottee) for an allocation of water for irrigation purposes on allotted land, including a process for— (i) appeal and adjudication of any denied or disputed distribution of water; and (ii) resolution of any contested administra-tive decision; and (D) a requirement that any allottee assert-ing a claim relating to the enforcement of rights of the allottee under the tribal water code, or to the quantity of water allocated to land of the allottee, shall exhaust all rem-edies available to the allottee under tribal law before initiating an action against the United States or petitioning the Secretary pursuant to subsection (d)(4)(B). (3) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—During the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this title and ending on the date on which a tribal water code described in paragraphs (1) and (2) is enacted, the Secretary shall administer, with respect to the rights of allottees, the Tribal water rights in accordance with this title. (B) APPROVAL .—The tribal water code de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not be valid unless— (i) the provisions of the tribal water code required by paragraph (2) are approved by the Secretary; and (ii) each amendment to the tribal water code that affects a right of an allottee is ap-proved by the Secretary. (C) A
PPROVAL PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove or disapprove the tribal water code or an amendment to the tribal water code not later than 180 days after the date on which the tribal water code or amendment is sub-mitted to the Secretary. (ii) E
XTENSION .—The deadline described in clause (i) may be extended by the Secretary after consultation with the Tribe. (g) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) N
O ALIENATION .—The Tribe shall not permanently alienate any portion of the Tribal water rights. (2) P
URCHASES OR GRANTS OF LAND FROM IN -
DIANS .—An authorization provided by this title for the allocation, distribution, leasing, or other arrangement entered into pursuant to this title shall be considered to satisfy any requirement for authorization of the ac-tion by treaty or convention imposed by sec-tion 2116 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177). (3) P
ROHIBITION ON FORFEITURE .—The non- use of all or any portion of the Tribal water rights by a lessee or contractor shall not re-sult in the forfeiture, abandonment, relin-quishment, or other loss of all or any portion of the Tribal water rights. (h) E
FFECT .—Except as otherwise expressly provided in this section, nothing in this title— (1) authorizes any action by an allottee against any individual or entity, or against the Tribe, under Federal, State, tribal, or local law; or (2) alters or affects the status of any action brought pursuant to section 1491(a) of title 28, United States Code. 
SEC. 9016. BLACKFEET SETTLEMENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Blackfeet Settle-ment Trust Fund’’ (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), to be managed, invested, and distributed by the Secretary and to remain available until expended. (b) A
CCOUNTS .—The Secretary shall estab-lish in the Trust Fund the following ac-counts: (1) The Administration and Energy Ac-count. (2) The OM&R Account. (3) The St. Mary Account. (4) The Blackfeet Water, Storage, and De-velopment Projects Account. (c) D
EPOSITS .—The Secretary shall deposit in the Trust Fund— (1) in the Administration and Energy Ac-count, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(1)(A); (2) in the OM&R Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(1)(B); (3) in the St. Mary Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(1)(C); and (4) in the Blackfeet Water, Storage, and Development Projects Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(1)(D). (d) I
NTEREST .—In addition to the deposits under subsection (c), any interest credited to amounts unexpended in the Trust Fund are authorized to be appropriated to be used in accordance with the uses described in sub-section (i). (e) M
ANAGEMENT .—The Secretary shall manage, invest, and distribute all amounts in the Trust Fund in a manner that is con-sistent with the investment authority of the Secretary under— (1) the first section of the Act of June 24, 1938 (25 U.S.C. 162a); (2) the American Indian Trust Fund Man-agement Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.); and (3) this section. (f) AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated to, and deposited in, the Trust Fund, including any investment earnings, shall be made available to the Tribe by the Secretary be-ginning on the enforceability date. (2) F
UNDING FOR TRIBAL IMPLEMENTATION  
ACTIVITIES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), on approval pursuant to this title and the Compact by a referendum vote of a majority of votes cast by members of the Tribe on the day of the vote, as certified by the Secretary and the Tribe and subject to the availability of appropriations, of the amounts in the Ad-ministration and Energy Account, $4,800,000 shall be made available to the Tribe for the implementation of this title. (g) W
ITHDRAWALS UNDER AIFRMRA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may withdraw any portion of the funds in the Trust Fund on approval by the Secretary of a tribal management plan submitted by the Tribe in accordance with the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the re-quirements under the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the tribal management plan under paragraph (1) shall require that the Tribe shall spend all amounts withdrawn from the Trust Fund in accordance with this title. (B) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial and administrative actions as the Secretary determines to be necessary to enforce the tribal management plan to ensure that amounts withdrawn by the Tribe from the Trust Fund under this subsection are used in accordance with this title. (h) W
ITHDRAWALS UNDER EXPENDITURE  P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may submit to the Secretary a request to withdraw funds from the Trust Fund pursuant to an ap-proved expenditure plan. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to with-draw funds under an expenditure plan under paragraph (1), the Tribe shall submit to the Secretary for approval an expenditure plan for any portion of the Trust Fund that the Tribe elects to withdraw pursuant to this subsection, subject to the condition that the funds shall be used for the purposes described in this title. (3) I
NCLUSIONS .—An expenditure plan under this subsection shall include a description of the manner and purpose for which the amounts proposed to be withdrawn from the Trust Fund will be used by the Tribe, in ac-cordance with subsection (h). (4) A
PPROVAL .—On receipt of an expendi-ture plan under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall approve the plan, if the Sec-retary determines that the plan— (A) is reasonable; and (B) is consistent with, and will be used for, the purposes of this title. (5) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial and administrative actions as the Secretary determines to be necessary to enforce an expenditure plan to ensure that amounts disbursed under this subsection are used in accordance with this title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5809 September 15, 2016 
(i) U SES.—Amounts from the Trust Fund shall be used by the Tribe for the following purposes: (1) The Administration and Energy Ac-count shall be used for administration of the Tribal water rights and energy development projects under this title and the Compact. (2) The OM&R Account shall be used to as-sist the Tribe in paying OM&R costs. (3) The St. Mary Account shall be distrib-uted pursuant to an expenditure plan ap-proved under subsection (g), subject to the conditions that— (A) during the period for which the amount is available and held by the Secretary, $500,000 shall be distributed to the Tribe an-nually as compensation for the deferral of the St. Mary water right; and (B) any additional amounts deposited in the account may be withdrawn and used by the Tribe to pay OM&R costs or other ex-penses for 1 or more projects to benefit the Tribe, as approved by the Secretary, subject to the requirement that the Secretary shall not approve an expenditure plan under this paragraph unless the Tribe provides a resolu-tion of the tribal council— (i) approving the withdrawal of the funds from the account; and (ii) acknowledging that the Secretary will not be able to distribute funds under sub-paragraph (A) indefinitely if the principal funds in the account are reduced. (4) The Blackfeet Water, Storage, and De-velopment Projects Account shall be used to carry out section 9013. (j) L
IABILITY .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall not be liable for the expenditure or investment of any amounts withdrawn from the Trust Fund by the Tribe under subsection (f) or (g). (k) N
OPERCAPITA DISTRIBUTIONS .—No por- tion of the Trust Fund shall be distributed on a per capita basis to any member of the Tribe. (l) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .—On request by the Tribe, the Secretary may deposit amounts from an account described in paragraph (1), (2), or (4) of subsection (b) to any other ac-count the Secretary determines to be appro-priate. 
SEC. 9017. BLACKFEET WATER SETTLEMENT IM-PLEMENTATION FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a nontrust, interest-bearing account, to be known as the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Implementation Fund’’), to be managed and distributed by the Sec-retary, for use by the Secretary for carrying out this title. (b) A
CCOUNTS .—The Secretary shall estab-lish in the Implementation Fund the fol-lowing accounts: (1) The MR&I System, Irrigation, and Water Storage Account. (2) The Blackfeet Irrigation Project De-ferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account. (3) The St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Fund. (c) D
EPOSITS .—The Secretary shall deposit in the Implementation Fund— (1) in the MR&I System, Irrigation, and Water Storage Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(2)(A); (2) in the Blackfeet Irrigation Project De-ferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(2)(B); and (3) in the St. Mary/Milk Water Manage-ment and Activities Fund, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(2)(C). (d) I
NTEREST .—In addition to the deposits under subsection (c), any interest credited to amounts unexpended in the Implementation Fund are authorized to be appropriated to be used in accordance with the uses described in subsection (e). (e) USES.— (1) MR&I 
SYSTEM , IRRIGATION , AND WATER  
STORAGE ACCOUNT .—The MR&I System, Irri-gation, and Water Storage Account shall be used to carry out sections 9011 and 9012. (2) B
LACKFEET IRRIGATION PROJECT DE -
FERRED MAINTENANCE AND FOUR HORNS DAM  
SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS ACCOUNT .—The Black-feet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account shall be used to carry out section 9010. (3) S
T. MARY /MILK WATER MANAGEMENT AND  
ACTIVITIES ACCOUNT .—The St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Account shall be used to carry out sections 9005 and 9007. (f) M
ANAGEMENT .—Amounts in the Imple-mentation Fund shall not be available to the Secretary for expenditure until the enforce-ability date. 
SEC. 9018. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary— (1) as adjusted on appropriation to reflect changes since April 2010 in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers West Urban 50,000 to 1,500,000 index for the amount appropriated— (A) for deposit in the Administration and Energy Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund established under section 9016(b)(1), $28,900,000; (B) for deposit in the OM&R Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund estab-lished under section 9016(b)(2), $27,760,000; (C) for deposit in the St. Mary Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund estab-lished under section 9016(b)(3), $27,800,000; (D) for deposit in the Blackfeet Water, Storage, and Development Projects Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund es-tablished under section 9016(b)(4), $91,000,000; and (E) such sums not to exceed the amount of interest credited to the unexpended amounts of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund; and (2) as adjusted annually to reflect changes since April 2010 in the Bureau of Reclama-tion Construction Cost Trends Index applica-ble to the types of construction involved— (A) for deposit in the MR&I System, Irriga-tion, and Water Storage Account of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund established under section 9017(b)(1), $163,500,000; (B) for deposit in the Blackfeet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance, Four Horns Dam Safety, and Rehabilitation and En-hancement of the Four Horns Feeder Canal, Dam, and Reservoir Improvements Account of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Imple-mentation Fund established under section 9017(b)(2), $54,900,000, of which— (i) $40,900,000 shall be made available for activities and projects under section 9010(c); and (ii) $14,000,000 shall be made available for activities and projects under section 9010(d)(2); (C) for deposit in the St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Account of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund established under section 9017(b)(3), $28,100,000, of which— (i) $27,600,000 shall be allocated in accord-ance with section 9007(g); and (ii) $500,000 shall be used to carry out sec-tion 9005; and (D) such sums not to exceed the amount of interest credited to the unexpended amounts of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Imple-mentation Fund. (b) ADJUSTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The adjustment of the amounts authorized to be appropriated pur-suant to subsection (a)(1) shall occur each time an amount is appropriated for an ac-count and shall add to, or subtract from, as applicable, the total amount authorized. (2) R
EPETITION .—The adjustment process under this subsection shall be repeated for each subsequent amount appropriated until the amount authorized, as adjusted, has been appropriated. (3) T
REATMENT .—The amount of an adjust-ment may be considered— (A) to be authorized as of the date on which congressional action occurs; and (B) in determining the amount authorized to be appropriated. 
SEC. 9019. WATER RIGHTS IN LEWIS AND CLARK NATIONAL FOREST AND GLACIER NATIONAL PARK. 
The instream flow water rights of the Tribe on land within the Lewis and Clark National Forest and Glacier National Park— (1) are confirmed; and (2) shall be as described in the document entitled ‘‘Stipulation to Address Claims by and for the Benefit of the Blackfeet Indian Tribe to Water Rights in the Lewis & Clark National Forest and Glacier National Park’’, and as finally decreed by the Montana Water Court, or, if the Montana Water Court is found to lack jurisdiction, by the United States district court with jurisdiction. 
SEC. 9020. WAIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) W
AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY  
TRIBE AND UNITED STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR  
TRIBE .—Subject to the reservation of rights and retention of claims under subsection (d), as consideration for recognition of the Tribal water rights and other benefits as described in the Compact and this title, the Tribe, act-ing on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe (but not any member of the Tribe as an allottee), and the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe and the members of the Tribe (but not any member of the Tribe as an allottee), shall execute a waiver and re-lease of all claims for water rights within the State that the Tribe, or the United States acting as trustee for the Tribe, as-serted or could have asserted in any pro-ceeding, including a State stream adjudica-tion, on or before the enforceability date, ex-cept to the extent that such rights are recog-nized in the Compact and this title. (2) W
AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY  
UNITED STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR ALLOTTEES .— Subject to the reservation of rights and the retention of claims under subsection (d), as consideration for recognition of the Tribal water rights and other benefits as described in the Compact and this title, the United States, acting as trustee for allottees, shall execute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Reservation that the United States, acting as trustee for the allottees, asserted or could have asserted in any proceeding, including a State stream ad-judication, on or before the enforceability date, except to the extent that such rights are recognized in the Compact and this title. (3) W
AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY  
TRIBE AGAINST UNITED STATES .—Subject to the reservation of rights and retention of claims under subsection (d), the Tribe, act-ing on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe (but not any member of the Tribe as an allottee), shall execute a waiver and re-lease of all claims against the United States (including any agency or employee of the United States)— (A) relating to— (i) water rights within the State that the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe, asserted or could have asserted in any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5810 September 15, 2016 
proceeding, including a stream adjudication in the State, except to the extent that such rights are recognized as Tribal water rights under this title; (ii) damage, loss, or injury to water, water rights, land, or natural resources due to loss of water or water rights (including damages, losses, or injuries to hunting, fishing, gath-ering, or cultural rights due to loss of water or water rights, claims relating to inter-ference with, diversion, or taking of water, or claims relating to failure to protect, ac-quire, replace, or develop water, water rights, or water infrastructure) within the State that first accrued at any time on or before the enforceability date; (iii) a failure to establish or provide a mu-nicipal rural or industrial water delivery system on the Reservation; (iv) a failure to provide for operation or maintenance, or deferred maintenance, for the Blackfeet Irrigation Project or any other irrigation system or irrigation project on the Reservation; (v) the litigation of claims relating to the water rights of the Tribe in the State; and (vi) the negotiation, execution, or adoption of the Compact (including exhibits) or this title; (B) reserved in subsections (b) through (d) of section 6 of the settlement for the case styled Blackfeet Tribe v. United States, No. 02–127L (Fed. Cl. 2012); and (C) that first accrued at any time on or be-fore the enforceability date— (i) arising from the taking or acquisition of the land of the Tribe or resources for the construction of the features of the St. Mary Unit of the Milk River Project; (ii) relating to the construction, operation, and maintenance of the St. Mary Unit of the Milk River Project, including Sherburne Dam, St. Mary Diversion Dam, St. Mary Canal and associated infrastructure, and the management of flows in Swiftcurrent Creek, including the diversion of Swiftcurrent Creek into Lower St. Mary Lake; (iii) relating to the construction, oper-ation, and management of Lower Two Medi-cine Dam and Reservoir and Four Horns Dam and Reservoir, including any claim relating to the failure to provide dam safety improve-ments for Four Horns Reservoir; or (iv) relating to the allocation of waters of the Milk River and St. Mary River (including tributaries) between the United States and Canada pursuant to the International Bound-ary Waters Treaty of 1909 (36 Stat. 2448). (b) E
FFECTIVENESS .—The waivers and re-leases under subsection (a) shall take effect on the enforceability date. (c) W
ITHDRAWAL OF OBJECTIONS .—The Tribe shall withdraw all objections to the water rights claims filed by the United States for the benefit of the Milk River Project, except objections to those claims consolidated for adjudication within Basin 40J, within 14 days of the certification under subsection (f)(5) that the Tribal membership has approved the Compact and this title. (1) Prior to withdrawal of the objections, the Tribe may seek leave of the Montana Water Court for a right to reinstate the ob-jections in the event the conditions of en-forceability in paragraphs (1) through (8) of subsection (f) are not satisfied by the date of expiration described in section 9023 of this title. (2) If the conditions of enforceability in paragraphs (1) through (8) of subsection (f) are satisfied, and any authority the Montana Water Court may have granted the Tribe to reinstate objections described in this section has not yet expired, the Tribe shall notify the Montana Water Court and the United States in writing that it will not exercise any such authority. (d) RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND RETENTION  
OFCLAIMS .—Notwithstanding the waivers and releases under subsection (a), the Tribe, acting on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe, and the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe and allottees, shall re-tain— (1) all claims relating to— (A) enforcement of, or claims accruing after the enforceability date relating to water rights recognized under, the Compact, any final decree, or this title; (B) activities affecting the quality of water, including any claim under— (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), including dam-ages to natural resources; (ii) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (iii) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’); and (iv) any regulations implementing the Acts described in clauses (i) through (iii); or (C) damage, loss, or injury to land or nat-ural resources that are not due to loss of water or water rights (including hunting, fishing, gathering, or cultural rights); (2) all rights to use and protect water rights acquired after the date of enactment of this title; and (3) all rights, remedies, privileges, immuni-ties, and powers not specifically waived and released pursuant to this title or the Com-pact. (e) E
FFECT OF COMPACT AND ACT.—Nothing in the Compact or this title— (1) affects the ability of the United States, acting as a sovereign, to take any action au-thorized by law (including any law relating to health, safety, or the environment), in-cluding— (A) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (B) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (C) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’); and (D) any regulations implementing the Acts described in subparagraphs (A) through (C); (2) affects the ability of the United States to act as trustee for any other Indian tribe or allottee of any other Indian tribe; (3) confers jurisdiction on any State court— (A) to interpret Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environment; (B) to determine the duties of the United States or any other party pursuant to a Fed-eral law regarding health, safety, or the en-vironment; or (C) to conduct judicial review of a Federal agency action; (4) waives any claim of a member of the Tribe in an individual capacity that does not derive from a right of the Tribe; (5) revives any claim waived by the Tribe in the case styled Blackfeet Tribe v. United States, No. 02–127L (Fed. Cl. 2012); or (6) revives any claim released by an allot-tee or a tribal member in the settlement for the case styled Cobell v. Salazar, No. 1:96CV01285–JR (D.D.C. 2012). (f) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE.—The enforce-ability date shall be the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Register a statement of findings that— (1)(A) the Montana Water Court has ap-proved the Compact, and that decision has become final and nonappealable; or (B) if the Montana Water Court is found to lack jurisdiction, the appropriate United States district court has approved the Com-pact, and that decision has become final and nonappealable; (2) all amounts authorized under section 9018(a) have been appropriated; (3) the agreements required by sections 9006(c), 9007(f), and 9009(c) have been exe-cuted; (4) the State has appropriated and paid into an interest-bearing escrow account any payments due as of the date of enactment of this title to the Tribe under the Compact, the Birch Creek Agreement, and this title; (5) the members of the Tribe have voted to approve this title and the Compact by a ma-jority of votes cast on the day of the vote, as certified by the Secretary and the Tribe; (6) the Secretary has fulfilled the require-ments of section 9009(a); (7) the agreement or terms and conditions referred to in section 9005 are executed and final; and (8) the waivers and releases described in subsection (a) have been executed by the Tribe and the Secretary. (g) TOLLING OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each applicable period of limitation and time-based equitable defense relating to a claim described in this section shall be tolled during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this title and ending on the date on which the amounts made available to carry out this title are transferred to the Secretary. (2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection revives any claim or tolls any pe-riod of limitation or time-based equitable de-fense that expired before the date of enact-ment of this title. (h) E
XPIRATION .—If all appropriations au-thorized by this title have not been made available to the Secretary by January 21, 2026, the waivers and releases described in this section shall— (1) expire; and (2) have no further force or effect. (i) V
OIDING OF WAIVERS .—If the waivers and releases described in this section are void under subsection (h)— (1) the approval of the United States of the Compact under section 9004 shall no longer be effective; (2) any unexpended Federal funds appro-priated or made available to carry out the activities authorized by this title, together with any interest earned on those funds, and any water rights or contracts to use water and title to other property acquired or con-structed with Federal funds appropriated or made available to carry out the activities authorized under this title shall be returned to the Federal Government, unless otherwise agreed to by the Tribe and the United States and approved by Congress; and (3) except for Federal funds used to acquire or develop property that is returned to the Federal Government under paragraph (2), the United States shall be entitled to offset any Federal funds appropriated or made avail-able to carry out the activities authorized under this title that were expended or with-drawn, together with any interest accrued, against any claims against the United States relating to water rights in the State asserted by the Tribe or any user of the Tribal water rights or in any future settlement of the water rights of the Tribe or an allottee. 
SEC. 9021. SATISFACTION OF CLAIMS. 
(a) T RIBAL CLAIMS .—The benefits realized by the Tribe under this title shall be in com-plete replacement of, complete substitution for, and full satisfaction of all— (1) claims of the Tribe against the United States waived and released pursuant to sec-tion 9020(a); and (2) objections withdrawn pursuant to sec-tion 9020(c). (b) A
LLOTTEE CLAIMS .—The benefits real-ized by the allottees under this title shall be in complete replacement of, complete substi-tution for, and full satisfaction of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5811 September 15, 2016 
(1) all claims waived and released pursuant to section 9020(a)(2); and (2) any claim of an allottee against the United States similar in nature to a claim described in section 9020(a)(2) that the allot-tee asserted or could have asserted. 
SEC. 9022. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) W AIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—Ex- cept as provided in subsections (a) through (c) of section 208 of the Department of Jus-tice Appropriation Act, 1953 (43 U.S.C. 666), nothing in this title waives the sovereign im-munity of the United States. (b) O
THER TRIBES NOTADVERSELY AF-
FECTED .—Nothing in this title quantifies or diminishes any land or water right, or any claim or entitlement to land or water, of an Indian tribe, band, or community other than the Tribe. (c) L
IMITATION ON CLAIMS FOR REIMBURSE -
MENT .—With respect to any Indian-owned land located within the Reservation— (1) the United States shall not submit against that land any claim for reimburse-ment of the cost to the United States of car-rying out this title or the Compact; and (2) no assessment of that land shall be made regarding that cost. (d) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY OF UNITED  S
TATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The United States has no obligation— (A) to monitor, administer, or account for, in any manner, any funds provided to the Tribe by the State; or (B) to review or approve any expenditure of those funds. (2) I
NDEMNITY .—The Tribe shall indemnify the United States, and hold the United States harmless, with respect to all claims (including claims for takings or breach of trust) arising from the receipt or expendi-ture of amounts described in the subsection. (e) E
FFECT ON CURRENT LAW.—Nothing in this section affects any provision of law (in-cluding regulations) in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this title with respect to preenforcement review of any Fed-eral environmental enforcement action. (f) E
FFECT ON RECLAMATION LAWS.—The ac- tivities carried out by the Commissioner of Reclamation under this title shall not estab-lish a precedent or impact the authority pro-vided under any other provision of the rec-lamation laws, including— (1) the Reclamation Rural Water Supply Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 2401 et seq.); and (2) the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 991). (g) I
RRIGATION EFFICIENCY IN UPPER BIRCH C
REEK DRAINAGE .—Any activity carried out by the Tribe in the Upper Birch Creek Drain-age (as defined in article II.50 of the Com-pact) using funds made available to carry out this title shall achieve an irrigation effi-ciency of not less than 50 percent. (h) B
IRCH CREEK AGREEMENT APPROVAL .— The Birch Creek Agreement is approved to the extent that the Birch Creek Agreement requires approval under section 2116 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177). (i) L
IMITATION ON EFFECT .—Nothing in this title or the Compact— (1) makes an allocation or apportionment of water between or among States; or (2) addresses or implies whether, how, or to what extent the Tribal water rights, or any portion of the Tribal water rights, should be accounted for as part of, or otherwise charged against, an allocation or apportion-ment of water made to a State in an inter-state allocation or apportionment. 
SEC. 9023. EXPIRATION ON FAILURE TO MEET EN-FORCEABILITY DATE. 
If the Secretary fails to publish a state-ment of findings under section 9020(f) by not later than January 21, 2025, or such alter-native later date as is agreed to by the Tribe and the Secretary, after reasonable notice to the State, as applicable— (1) this title expires effective on the later of— (A) January 22, 2025; and (B) the day after such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Tribe and the Sec-retary; (2) any action taken by the Secretary and any contract or agreement entered into pur-suant to this title shall be void; (3) any amounts made available under sec-tion 9018, together with any interest on those amounts, that remain unexpended shall im-mediately revert to the general fund of the Treasury, except for any funds made avail-able under section 9016(e)(2) if the Montana Water Court denies the Tribe’s request to re-instate the objections in section 9020(c); and (4) the United States shall be entitled to offset against any claims asserted by the Tribe against the United States relating to water rights— (A) any funds expended or withdrawn from the amounts made available pursuant to this title; and (B) any funds made available to carry out the activities authorized by this title from other authorized sources, except for any funds provided under section 9016(e)(2) if the Montana Water court denies the Tribe’s re-quest to reinstate the objections in section 9020(c). SEC. 9024. ANTIDEFICIENCY. 
The United States shall not be liable for any failure to carry out any obligation or ac-tivity authorized by this title (including any obligation or activity under the Compact) if— (1) adequate appropriations are not pro-vided expressly by Congress to carry out the purposes of this title; or (2) there are not enough monies available to carry out the purposes of this title in the Reclamation Water Settlements Fund estab-lished under section 10501(a) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 407(a)). f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to H.R. 5325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 516, H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
THANKING STAFF Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, first of all, I will be very brief. What we just passed is a major bill. It took a lot of effort from a lot of people. Many times the Members get more credit than they should because the real heroes are the ones who are back there doing the work. I want to thank the staff who are responsible for the hours and a lot of late nights. I want to thank my chief of staff, Adrienne Jackson, as well as Alex Herrgott. They do a lot of late night work on these things, as well as many on the other side. In the case of Alex Herrgott, who was driving this thing, he has been doing this for me for over a dozen years. We have had a lot of suc-cesses. I also wish to recognize Susan Bodine, who is sitting right here. She is a long-time WRDA expert, going back to 2 years ago when we had the WRDA bill, in 2014. She actually worked on WRDA on the House side for 11 years. I thank, as well, Charles Brittingham. These are the two who actually spent the time on my side of the aisle who put in the hardest and the longest hours. He was originally on loan to me from Senator VITTER , but now he is a full member of the EPW Committee. Few, if any, have better expertise on the core operation than Charles. I want to thank Joe Brown for his long hours, as well as Jennie Wright and Andrew Neely for their work on the Oklahoma priorities on this bill, along with Carter Vella and Amanda Hall. I want to thank Jason Albritton and Ted Illston on Senator B
OXER ’s staff for their hard work with my team, and I thank Bettina Poirier, as always, for the hard work she did. I thank the hard-working Aurora Swanson at CBO. We really put the burden on CBO. They had to respond immediately on short notice in order to get this done. Everyone said it was going to be impossible during this work period, but she played a major part in that. I also recognize the scoring and work that was necessary from the Sen-ate legislative counsel Deanna Edwards, Maureen Catreni, and Gary Endicott. Finally, I thank Neil Chatterjee for his work from the lead-er’s office. It was very, very helpful. Of course, I already mentioned the hard work of my colleague Senator B
OXER for making this bill a reality. It was a project that couldn’t have been done any other way with any other people, and I am proud to have that be-hind us now. With that, I will yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
f 
REMEMBERING ROBERT J. DUNFEY, SR. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, for every pivotal moment in history, be-hind the faces of the political leaders, the negotiators, the protestors and the agreement-seekers, there are stalwart citizens, seeking to find the common ground for the common good. Last month, one such advocate in the march 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.005 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5812 September 15, 2016 
for peace in Ireland, Robert J. Dunfey, Sr., passed away. Bob Dunfey was a successful busi-nessman, the founder of what today we call the Omni Hotel chain, who gave back to his community, his state, his country and his world. A public servant who spent decades advancing peace- building efforts in his ancestral home of Ireland, Mr. Dunfey was widely re-garded by leaders of all walks in Ire-land. He worked to support initiatives in Northern Ireland, as well as those in Ireland. A trusted partner, Bob Dunfey sought neither credit nor the spotlight; he worked behind the scenes, a true hallmark of public service. Marcelle and I were touched when Bob welcomed us and our family into his home in Ballyferriter, Ireland. He leaves behind family and friends in his native New England, across the coun-try and around the world. His is a friendship I will miss. I ask unanimous consent that the full obituary for Robert Dunfey, Sr., be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
OBITUARY FOR ROBERT J. D UNFEY SR., C O- F
OUNDER , O MNI-DUNFEY HOTELS INTER -
NATIONAL AND PEACE -BUILDER , NORTHERN  I
RELAND  Robert John ‘Bob’ Dunfey, Sr. of Ports-mouth, NH and formerly of Cape Elizabeth, ME, died peacefully on Tuesday, August 23, 2016, surrounded by loving family including his devoted wife, Jeanette Marston Dunfey who tirelessly cared for him during his long and valiant struggle against Parkinson’s Disease. Bob was born February 9, 1928 in Lowell, MA, the seventh of twelve children of Cath-erine and LeRoy Dunfey. He was educated at St. Patrick’s School and Keith Academy, both in Lowell. He is survived by former wife Shirley (Corey) Dunfey, and five children: Robert Dunfey, Jr. Cape Elizabeth, ME; Roy and Karen Dunfey, Portland, ME; Eileen Dunfey and Michael Pulsifer, Cape Elizabeth, ME; Brian Dunfey, South Berwick, ME; Maryanne Dunfey, North Conway, NH; 10 grandchildren and 3 great-grandchildren. He is also survived by 4 of his 11 siblings: Jack and his wife Lisa of Boston; Eileen Rob-inson of Bradenton, FL; Jerry and his wife Nadine Hack of Lutry, Switzerland; Eleanor Dunfey and her husband Jim Freiburger of Exeter, NH; many dear cousins in Ballyferriter, Co. Kerry, Ireland; and his wife Jeanette’s devoted Marston family. He was pre-deceased by his parents Cath-erine and LeRoy and 7 Dunfey siblings: Roy, Paul, Catherine, ‘Kay,’ Mary, William ‘Bud,’ and Richard, ‘Dick,’ and Walter. Rarely in the 88 years of Bob Dunfey’s life was he in or did he seek the limelight, but a look behind the scenes in meetings, con-versations, and telephone calls would reveal Bob’s signature contributions. The seventh child in a family of 12 knew from the begin-ning that his life would be that of bridge builder, connector, supporter of worthy causes. Too young to enlist in WWII with his older brothers, he became the indispensable ‘‘right hand’’ for his father and role model for his younger siblings by doing the often thank-less hard work—behind the counter in the family’s luncheonette and variety store in Lowell, MA’s ‘ACRE,’ the home of so many first generation Irish and other immigrants. To this day, his closest friend and partner, brother Jack, credits Bob’s energy and hard work as the distinct factor that grew the family business from one small business to fried clam stands at Hampton Beach then on to restaurants, motels and hotels throughout New England, an evolution which led to the purchase of Boston’s famous Parker House in 1968 and later became Omni Hotels Inter-national. Bob’s work in the business community had a significant impact on the Maine economy. In 1966 Bob successfully led the controversial campaign to allow restaurants, lounges and hotels to sell alcoholic beverages on Sunday which was prohibited by law. Another major contribution was the development of the Maine Mall. During Bobby Kennedy’s 1968 campaign for President, Bobby would personally call Bob each Sunday to hear how the campaign was going in Maine. In 1980, on behalf of Maine Governor Brennan, Bob asked Federal Judge George Mitchell to fill the senate seat of Ed-mund Muskie, newly appointed Secretary of State by President Carter. Mitchell accept-ed. As an active father he helped raise his fam-ily in Cape Elizabeth. His favorite places were Prout’s Neck walking the beach and the bird walk, boating around Casco Bay and riding his bike along the New England Coast. In 1965, he built a ski chalet in North Conway where his family and grandchildren spent winter weekends skiing Cranmore Mountain and snowmobiling, He also ar-ranged many family ski trips to Vail at Thanksgiving. But his pride and joy was the house he had built in Ballyferriter, Ireland with the most amazing view of ocean and cliffs. His purpose was to have new generations of family recon-nect with Irish relatives. His school master and archeologist cousin, Denis O’Connor helped Bob select the perfect Irish name: Feorann: ‘‘edge of the sea, a verdant bank on a mountainside . . .’’ Over 35 years, Bob ex-panded that word’s meaning to include: a bit of heaven to be shared with all! He gener-ously opened his Irish home to family, countless friends—even friends of friends. He introduced Senators George Mitchell, Ted Kennedy, Patrick Leahy, and Chris Dodd to the expansive beauty and warm hospitality of the Dingle Peninsula. Bob believed as every Kerryman does, that there are only two kingdoms: The Kingdom of God and The Kingdom of Kerry; ‘‘One is of this world and one is out of this world!’’ Robert J. ‘Bob’ Dunfey, Sr. was a trustee of the University of Maine System; a director of the American Ireland Funds; founder and honorary director of the Susan L. Curtis Foundation, which operates a 50-acre sum-mer camp for Maine’s underprivileged chil-dren. Bob was a founding director of the Maine Community Foundation. Bob served on the Spurwink Board of Trustees for 14 years, and was honored as the inaugural Hu-manitarian of the Year in 1987. He was founding treasurer and director of New England Circle/Global Citizens Circle, a 40-year old non-profit forum that brings leaders and activists together for civil dia-logue on critical issues that lead to con-structive change in our local and global com-munities. Bob worked tirelessly to support initiatives in Northern Ireland and cultural preservation projects in the South of Ireland. For his extraordinary efforts over 40 years on the Isle of Ireland, he was honored with several major awards by all the Parties to the Peace Process as a trusted behind the scenes partner for all who were interested in moving beyond ‘‘The Troubles.’’ He was an advisor for the White House Conference for Trade and Investment in Northern Ireland. He participated with Sen. George Mitchell, President Clinton’s Special Envoy for Economic Initiatives for Northern Ireland, on the Senator’s first tour of Bel-fast, Derry, and Border Towns. Bob and his brother, Jack Dunfey, traveled to Oslo with John Hume and David Trimble and their families when the two Northern Ireland leaders were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1998. Perhaps it is in the reflections of others that we see the worth of a life well lived. Julia Brown, Bob’s granddaughter, offers such a reflection and two dear friends warm-ly affirm her tribute: ‘‘Our Papa leaves an amazing legacy as a humanitarian and activ-ist. He touched so many lives and made such a memorable impact in this world. He will be immensely missed by his loving family and wide circle of friends.’’ One of those dear and longtime friends, Jackie Redpath, Belfast Shankill Community Centre, who worked so closely alongside Bob, shares that sentiment: ‘‘Bob was a ‘great man’. In Ireland, in Bel-fast, on the Shankill Falls, he straddled ‘both sides’ & both extremes & I am forever grateful for his, and your family’s, bringing loyalism/unionism’ in from the cold and giv-ing us a seat ‘at the top table’ in the United States. People are alive today, who would not otherwise be, on account of this. Bob was strong, sincere, determined, wise, sensitive and great damn fun. He was very kind to me and I will miss him. It was his beloved Maine, however, that Bob served first and foremost, and the Susan Curtis Foundation expresses best, all that Bob Dunfey means to them: ‘‘It may comfort you to know that this summer, nearly 500 youth learned about themselves and who they can be, while developing the character, skills and life lessons they need to reach their dreams. Over 16,000 youth have had that same experience since Camp Susan Cur-tis opened its doors in 1974. None of this would have happened without Bob. He lives on in the thousands of Maine youth (and former Maine youth—now adults!) who are succeeding and thriving in part because they mattered at Camp Susan Curtis. He will for-ever be a part of us and we will miss him.’’ A celebration of Bob’s life will be held at St. John’s Episcopal Church, 100 Chapel Street, Portsmouth, NH at 11 A.M. Saturday, September 10, 2016. Honoring Bob’s wish, his ashes will be interred in the family’s ances-tral grave in Ballyferriter, Ireland alongside his sister, Mary; brother, Walter; and neph-ew, Philip, at a time convenient to the fam-ily. The family requests that, in lieu of flow-ers, friends consider a contribution in Bob’s memory to the Susan Curtis Foundation 1321 Washington Ave # 104, Portland, ME 04103. f 
TRIBUTE TO TIM MITCHELL Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, if I can take a moment. I don’t think peo-ple realize how many men and women on both sides of the aisle work so hard to make the Senate work, to keep things going. I’ve often said, only par-tially in jest, that U.S. Senators are merely constitutional impediments to the staff who do all the work. One of those people is Tim Mitchell. I have been here from the day he began, 25 years ago tomorrow. I know his wonderful wife, Alicia, and his son, Ben, who is in my grandson’s class. We see them playing sports together. If I am ever feeling down about the prospects of the Red Sox, I simply ask Tim, and know the sun will come up tomorrow because Tim will point out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.013 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5813 September 15, 2016 
we still have a chance because of this or that. I have also been at the White House with him when the Red Sox came to town with their World Series trophy. More importantly, Tim is a true pro-fessional, and one of the most honest people I’ve known. If it is bad news, he will give you the bad news, but he is so nice, it is almost acceptable. I can al-ways go to him because he will keep confidences if we ask him to. He under-stands the Senate, every single aspect of the Senate, as well as anybody I have ever worked with and I have been here 42 years. He is a person that ev-eryone who works for the Senate should model themselves after. He works very well with his Republican counterparts, and has the respect of all Senators. I don’t want to embarrass Tim, but as the Dean of the Senate, the one who has served here the longest, I think it is safe for me to say that I know of no one finer. He is a wonderful person, and I commend him. I commend the sac-rifices that Alicia and Ben have made, because there are some nights we are here very late. I know what it is like to miss a child’s game, play or school event. Tim has had to do that. I would like to address this part to Alicia and to Ben. Ben, you should be extraor-dinarily proud of your father and Alicia, I know you love, respect and are proud of your husband. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, be-fore he leaves the floor, I note the very fine statement of the dean of the Sen-ate Democrats, and I would just like to say that I want to ascribe to Senator L
EAHY ’s views and also be a charter member of the ‘‘Tim Mitchell caucus.’’ What a great name to give his public service. I thank you, Senator L
EAHY . 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— S. 2979 Mr. WYDEN. Madam President and colleagues, I come to the Senate floor today to discuss S. 2979, the Presi-dential Tax Transparency Act. I am very pleased to see that my colleague on the Finance Committee who is such a valuable Member, Senator C
ARDIN , is here as well. In America, nobody forces you to run for President. You volunteer to run for President, and this year we have had a bumper crop of volunteers. Since Wa-tergate, there has been a bipartisan tradition honored by all candidates that they would release their tax re-turns. Every Democrat, every Repub-lican, every liberal, every conservative has subscribed to honoring this par-ticular tradition. Why is it so impor-tant? Tax returns say so much about a candidate for the world’s most demand-ing job. Rather than the spin and de-ception that counts as messaging in a Presidential campaign, the tax returns are legally required to be an account-ing in black and white of a candidate’s honesty, integrity, and their personal priorities. A return can show whether a nomi-nee has intimate connections to power-ful interests in foreign governments whose priorities run contrary to the in-terests of typical Americans. A return highlights important questions about integrity. Are you the person giving to charity or, as some have wondered, are you converting another donor’s gift into your own? Are you using charities for personal gain? A return shows if you pay any taxes at all or if you use the complexity of this Byzantine Tax Code to hide your income while working Americans have their taxes taken out of their pay-check. Today—and I made it clear I am going to shortly try to get support for the Presidential Tax Transparency Act. Today honest taxpayers who dot every ‘‘i’’ and cross every ‘‘t’’ are faced with a major Presidential candidate who refuses to show even one single page of his tax return. This flouting of a tradition honored by every candidate since Watergate is just too dangerous to ignore. So shortly I will ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate pass S. 2979, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act. It is a straightforward proposal. It says within just over 2 weeks of becoming a nominee, at a party convention nomi-nees are required to release at least 3 years of tax returns. If they refuse, the Treasury Secretary provides the re-turns to the Federal Election Commis-sion and they are put online automati-cally. Since I introduced this bill in the spring, I was asked again and again what was behind my thinking. I re-member talking to Senator CARDIN , my colleague on the Finance Committee, about it. I said at home, through town meetings, and to colleagues here: Oh, how I wish this bill was not necessary. I think certainly millions of Americans say: Hey, there are lots of laws already. Why do we need more laws? I think we all could feel very proud of this 40-year, bipartisan voluntary tradition that all the candidates have honored. I have waited to bring this bill up in front of the Senate, until it was clear the tradi-tion would not be honored this year. I believe it is time for the United States Senate to act on S. 2979, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act, to protect honesty, accountability, and transparency in our Presidential elec-tion process. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Rules and Administration be discharged from further consideration of S. 2979; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, re-serving the right to object—if my friend from Oregon wants to discuss transparency and bring the Presi-dential election to the floor of the U.S. Senate, I think the person we should start with is the former Secretary of State. She has had, to put it chari-tably, innumerable challenges on the topic of transparency. Let’s just look at one. All we need to do is look at the way she exposed some of our Nation’s most highly classified information by setting up a private email server in her home. The ensuing investigation produced nothing but stonewalling, obfuscation, and mis-leading statements she made to the American public. When FBI Director James Comey an-nounced the agency was closing the in-vestigation, his statements made clear that Hillary Clinton had not been tell-ing the truth. She did send and she did receive classified information, again, at some of the various highest levels. Director Comey said she and her staff who aided and abetted her were ‘‘ex-tremely careless in their handling of this highly sensitive information.’’ In response, I have introduced legis-lation with the junior Senator from Colorado, Senator GARDNER , to help hold her and her staff accountable. The bill is called the Trust Act and it would revoke the security clearance of any person found to have been extremely careless in the handling of classified information, and it would keep them from receiving a security clearance in the future. It would also clarify that when someone has been found by inves-tigators to have been extremely care-less in handling classified information, that is tantamount to gross negligence. So I would ask the Senator from Or-egon to modify his request so S. 2979 and S. 3135 be discharged from their re-spective committees and the Senate proceed to their immediate consider-ation. I would ask unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed and that the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator so modify his request? Mr. WYDEN. Reserving the right to object—— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Thank you, Madam President. First of all, it is with great dis-appointment and regret that I note that Senate Republicans are willing to throw aside a 40-year tradition of hon-esty and openness in our Presidential elections by blocking the Presidential Tax Transparency Act. With respect to their own proposal, I want to be clear on this point. The bill that I have authored, S. 2979, the Presi-dential Tax Transparency Act, affects all the candidates for President in an attempt to preserve the tradition of openness and accountability that is no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.019 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5814 September 15, 2016 
longer being honored. The proposal of-fered by my colleague from Texas, on behalf of Senate Republicans, responds with a bill targeted at one candidate, a proposal that all our true national se-curity experts have said would harm America’s security. The briefing of our Presidential candidates is not just for their benefit, it is for the benefit of the American people so we have a smooth, democratic transition of power without risk to our national security. This attempt to hide the violation of a tradition of openness and account-ability behind a political witch hunt ought to tell Americans all they need to know about Senate Republicans at this point. For that reason, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Is there objection to the original re-quest? Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I join with Senator W
YDEN in my deep disappointment that the Republicans have objected to the continuation of a policy that has voluntarily been done for 40 years; that is, those who are run-ning for President of the United States release their tax returns. I want to un-derscore a couple of points that were made by Senator W
YDEN . I thank him very much for his leadership on this issue. I just came from a hearing at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee— where I have the privilege of being the ranking Democrat—on Afghanistan. A large part of that hearing dealt with transparency, good governance, corrup-tion, and anti-corruption. That is a key fundamental for Afghans’ success. This morning I also had a chance to meet with the new leader of Burma. She has tremendous challenges in that emerg-ing country. Transparency and anti- corruption are critically important to the success of that democracy. When the United States stands inter-nationally for good governance, anti- corruption, and transparency, we first have to deal with our issues at home. It is hard for us to demand transparency globally when we ourselves fall victim to the failure to make information available to the public that they des-perately need. Let me tell you why that is important. This is not theo-retical. The Panama Papers indicate that heads of state—current heads of state and former heads of state—have used ways to avoid public disclosure of the gains of their office, the connec-tions they have had. There is a reason why for 40 years we have seen the release of tax returns by those running for President. Before they vote, the public has a right to know about the potential conflicts that individual brings to the Office of the Presidency, the highest office in the land. Senator W
YDEN pointed out accu-rately that that tax return could very well show international contacts, international business, and offshore ac-tivity that the public has a right to have debated during the course of the campaign. It may show a Presidential candidate’s use of the provisions within our Tax Code to pay a different tax rate or no taxes at all. The public has a right to know that before they cast their vote so they can ask questions about that. The tax return may show that certain statements made in regard to the use of charities are either appro-priate or not appropriate. They have the right to debate that before they cast their vote. Senator WYDEN ’s bill carries out cur-rent practice. I don’t think anyone thought 6 months ago that someone would step forward to run for the Pres-idency of the United States and accept the nomination of a major political party without disclosing their tax re-turns. I don’t think any of us thought that was at issue. Senator W
YDEN has been very patient with this bill. We have given all the Presidential candidates that oppor-tunity. Secretary Clinton has disclosed her tax returns. Secretary Clinton has made available her emails through ap-propriate channels. That has been done. That transparency has been made. But there is a person running on the Republican side who has refused to disclose his tax returns. That is wrong. That denies the American people the transparency they need to judge the candidates and to engage in political discourse during the campaign, which is critically important to their deci-sion as to who the next President of the United States should be. I am extremely disappointed that there has been an objection to Senator W
YDEN ’s request that we require those who want to be President of the United States—the highest office in this land, the highest office in the free world—to disclose their tax returns. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL TAX TRANSPARENCY ACT Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I am on the floor today to talk about the Presidential Tax Transparency Act. It is a simple proposal that would require every Presidential candidate of a major party to release their tax returns. Hil-lary Clinton has already done it. In fact, every single general election can-didate in the past nine elections has done it. I will be honest. This is not the kind of legislation that I thought Congress would ever need to pass, but, like a lot of people, I never thought that some-one like Donald Trump would be the nominee of a major political party. Donald Trump makes a big show, strut-ting around, pretending to be tough, but he is too chicken to show his tax returns to the American people. He has had a million excuses, but we all know why Donald Trump isn’t releasing his taxes. He is hiding something. For a long time I wasn’t sure what he was hiding. But thanks to the tireless work of journalists and experts, we at least have some clues about what he is hiding. We don’t know everything, but slowly some of his secrets are starting to leak to the public, and they are not pretty. Let’s start with the tax scams that we know about. Here are just three of them. The first scam is claiming tax credits for homeowners who make less than $500,000 a year. He wasn’t eligible, so he lied—nothing fancy. Eventually, the press caught wind of it, and Trump paid up. And if he hadn’t been caught, he would still be lying about it today. Here is another Trump tax scam. Scoop up hundreds of millions of dol-lars in real estate developer subsidies, then skip out on paying any income taxes. In 1978, 1979, 1991, and 1993, Trump paid zero dollars in income taxes—zero, and that is not a com-prehensive list of his zero-tax years. It is just the years when, for one reason or another, his tax returns were public. Here is the third Trump tax scam. In this campaign, Trump claims the char-itable deduction when he gives money to his own foundation, and then he uses that foundation for personal expenses and campaign fundraising. That is just the stuff we know about. So how bad are the things we don’t know about? The American people should see Donald Trump’s tax returns so they can decide for themselves if his shameful and, in some cases, illegal be-havior disqualifies him from being President. The tax scams are awful, but they are a sideshow compared to what else is probably tucked away in his tax re-turns. Those tax returns would show his personal deals with foreign govern-ments, arrangements that could put him in direct conflict with American interests. We already know about some of Trump’s foreign dealings. We know he has gotten Russian oligarchs with close ties to Vladimir Putin to fund his busi-nesses. Is he still doing that? We know he has financial ties to po-litical dynasties in Turkey. We know he is wrapped up in aggressive pipeline plans in North and East India. The list of countries where Trump has financial conflicts is staggering: South Korea, India, Turkey, Libya, Russia, Ukraine, United Arab Emir-ates. Remember the Libyan dictator Qa-dhafi. Back in 2009, Trump was set to lease his own estate to the dictator, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.020 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5815 September 15, 2016 
but local protests shut that down. So who else has he been leasing his home to—Putin? I mean, maybe Trump’s next business will be Airbnb for dic-tators. Tax returns will not tell us every-thing, but we know that they will tell us something about what Trump is hid-ing. Donald Trump praises brutal dic-tators and murderers. He threatens our allies. He denigrates democracy right here at home. He is right out front with all of that stuff. What is so bad that Donald Trump has to hide it? Would his tax returns show how deeply Donald Trump’s per-sonal, financial interests run directly counter to the national interests of the United States of America? It is 8 weeks before a national elec-tion. Everyone wants Donald Trump to do what other candidates—Republican candidates and Democratic can-didates—have done and disclose his fi-nancial information to the American people. George W. Bush’s IRS Commissioner has said: Trump should release his taxes, period. The IRS Chief Counsel for Ronald Reagan has said the same thing: Trump should release his taxes, period. T
EDCRUZ has released his taxes. John Kasich released his taxes. Jeb Bush released his taxes going all the way back to 1981. Look, it is no surprise that Trump thinks the rules don’t apply to him; he never does. But the American people are not going to buy a pig in a poke. He should release his taxes voluntarily. But since he will not, then we should pass the Presidential Tax Trans-parency Act and make him release those taxes. No one knows what he is up to with Russia, Libya, or any other country. Let’s take a look at his taxes and find out. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MINERS PROTECTION ACT Mr. BROWN. Madam President, yes-terday I joined Senator M
ANCHIN , Sen-ator W
ARNER , Senator C APITO , and oth-ers about the mine workers’ pension. I come to the floor again today as I just cannot believe that my colleagues are going to go home. Some wanted to go today and make this the last day of session. Others are saying next week. I think there is no excuse for this Senate to leave without taking care of the longtime—starting with Harry Tru-man—agreement we have made with the people who go down into coal mines and do their work. They powered this country and have for decades. It is one of the most difficult, least safe jobs in the country. On my lapel I wear a depiction of a canary in a bird cage that was given to me at a workers’ Memorial Day rally. The mine workers stuck a canary down in the mines. One hundred years ago they had no union to protect them. They had no government that cared enough to protect them and their safe-ty. They relied on this canary. If the canary died, they got out of the mines. They were on their own. We know this proud history of mine workers in Ohio, West Virginia, Ken-tucky, Western Pennsylvania, and Southwest Virginia. We have an obliga-tion—the anti-labor sentiment in this body, particularly in Republican lead-ership—to these mine workers. When they negotiated their wages at the bar-gaining table, they gave up wages 20 years ago, 30 years ago, or 40 years ago. They gave up wages then so they would have pension and health care later. They were some of the most patriotic people—and have been. When we had our rally the other day outside of the Capitol to at least push Senator MCCONNELL to do his job, to push this Senate to do its job. This is a Senate that has been out of session more than any Senate in the last 60 years. They simply don’t want to do their job. Even forgetting about nomi-nating, confirming, or at least having hearings on a Supreme Court nominee, forgetting about the Zika virus for a moment—this Senate simply isn’t doing its job, and it starts down the hall in the majority leader’s office. They are simply refusing to bring to a vote this very simple bill to protect miners’ pensions and health care. It doesn’t cost taxpayer dollars. It is moving money from the abandoned mine fund into this UMWA pension and health care fund. It is a betrayal of those workers. It is simply saying we don’t care about those workers. I can’t believe that this body doesn’t seem to care much about workers, doesn’t seem to care much about people who work with their hands, doesn’t seem to care much about the safety of workers, doesn’t seem to care much about the air they breathe and the conditions they work in. This is finally a chance for this body to go on record saying: Yes, we actu-ally think mine workers have dedi-cated their lives to working some of the most difficult jobs in our country, and we should live up to our obligation. Other than that, it is a betrayal of those workers, and it is coming straight out of the majority leader’s of-fice. It is shameful that this Senate is thinking about going home without doing its work. I again ask the leader to schedule this bill so we can move forward. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DAINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, as you hear in Montana and I hear in Wy-oming weekend after weekend as we go home and we travel our States over the summertime, we are hearing from more people and seeing more articles in the newspaper about how the Obama health care law is falling apart. Every Member of this body—every Member of this body—probably hears the same stories I hear and have heard again today visiting with people from Wyo-ming—stories from people who can no longer afford their health care pre-miums, their health care coverage, the copays, the deductibles, and all of the things that have happened because of the Obama health care law. I think it is interesting to reflect on that new survey done by the Gallup or-ganization, a well-known pollster from around the country with a long his-tory. They released numbers last week about what people are seeing around the country with regard to ObamaCare—the things we have been hearing at home every weekend. The first thing we found is that more Americans disapprove of ObamaCare than approve of it. Now, it is inter-esting because the Senate minority leader, H
ARRY REID, was on the floor yesterday saying repeatedly: Isn’t ObamaCare great? Well, I would say to my friend and colleague from Nevada: No, as a matter of fact, more Ameri-cans disapprove—thumbs down—of the Obama health care law than people who approve. That is not what was supposed to happen—oh no. When the now minority leader—then the majority leader— came to the floor a number of years ago with a bill that was written behind closed doors in his office, when they forced this through the House and the Senate, they said it would be great. Senator S
CHUMER , who may likely be-come the new leader of the Democrats in a new Senate after the minority leader retires, predicted from the floor—right over there—that the law was going to be much more popular as time went on. He said: ‘‘When people see what is in the bill, and when people see what it does, they will come around.’’ Well, it has now been 6 years. People have seen what is in the bill. Remem-ber N
ANCY PELOSI saying: First you have to pass it before you get to find out what is in it. People have seen what is in it. They have not come around. People disapprove of the Presi-dent’s health care law—thumbs down— by 51 percent. It is interesting that the numbers have actually gotten worse, in spite of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.022 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5816 September 15, 2016 
what the Senate minority leader said yesterday repeatedly, when he said: Isn’t ObamaCare great? So 4 years ago, when Gallup asked the same question, the numbers were actually only 45 per-cent. Now it is 51 percent who dis-approve. So it is actually heading backwards. ObamaCare is becoming more unpopular as time goes on and as people see that it has actually hurt them personally. Yes, that is what I said: It hurt them personally. The President’s signature law is hurting them personally. Let’s take a look. How many people tell others the Obama health care law has hurt them personally—they and their families? A record number say that ObamaCare hurt their family—29 percent. Have people been helped by the health care law? Yes, but only 18 percent of people say they were helped by the health care law. What I hear repeatedly in Wyoming— and I assume the Presiding Officer hears in Montana—is that the Presi-dent should not have had to hurt this many Americans to help people who didn’t have insurance. Why should they have hurt people who had insurance to help those who didn’t? That is why this law continues to be so unpopular. It is a record number. It is not what the President or the Democrats said would happen with the health care law. What does the President say about the law? He says: Forcefully defend and be proud. I think that is why we saw the minority leader on the floor yester-day saying: Isn’t ObamaCare great? The minority party whip came to the floor on Tuesday, and he said the major aspects of the law are working. That is what he said. This doesn’t look like a law that is working to me. More Amer-icans have been hurt by the law than have been helped. The Senator from Illinois said that the major parts of the law, the major aspects of the law are working. Well, what are the major aspects? Premiums, what people have to pay—but pre-miums are going through the roof. In Senator D
URBIN ’s home State of Illi-nois, the average person in an ObamaCare exchange is going to be paying 45 percent more next year than this year. That is when they select their plans—November 1. When they go to the exchange to see what is avail-able, they are going to find it 45 per-cent more expensive than this year. So it doesn’t seem like the fundamental parts of the law are working. Why did the rates go up? It is because of ObamaCare and the mandates that come from a Washington that decides it knows what is better for the people than they know themselves. They have to buy insurance the President says they have to buy, not what they think might work best for them or their fam-ilies. That is why record numbers say ObamaCare has hurt their family. They can’t buy what they want. They are paying a price that is too high. The deductibles are too high. The copays are too high. So we hear the stories of what is happening with ObamaCare. There was one other question in this poll that I would like to point to. They asked all these American families about ObamaCare. They asked: In the long run—in the long run—how do you think the health care law will affect your family’s health care situation? Will it make it better for your family, as the Democrats promised? Will it have no affect? Or will it actually make things worse for you and your family? Over one-third of Americans— 36 percent—say the health care law will make health care for them and for their family worse. Less than one in four say it will make it better. So more say ObamaCare will make their fam-ily’s health care situation worse. Now, that is an overwhelming mar-gin. It is even a higher margin than last year. So as people see the impact of the health care law, as they see the impact on themselves and on their families, they are looking at this and saying: Things are going to continue to get worse because premiums have con-tinued to go up, copays have continued to go up, deductibles have been con-tinuing to go up, and the options are fewer and fewer. What does the administration say about that? Well, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Burwell, wrote an op-ed that appeared in CNN 6 days ago. It was entitled: ‘‘The reality of the health insurance marketplace.’’ That is what they called it: ‘‘The reality of the health insurance marketplace.’’ She said that all these higher prices people are experiencing around the country—the reason people are saying it is worse for them and their family and that they have been hurt by the health care law—are ‘‘growing pains.’’ That is what she said—‘‘growing pains.’’ Well, as a doctor who practiced medi-cine for 25 years, I can tell you that growing pains generally happen when something is growing. But that is not what is happening here. What is actu-ally happening here is that ObamaCare is shrinking. The ObamaCare ex-changes are shrinking. Millions of Americans will have fewer choices this year when they go to the ObamaCare exchanges than they had to buy insur-ance last year. In about one out of every three counties in America, peo-ple are going to be limited to only one single ObamaCare coverage choice in 2017. In her op-ed, the Secretary talked about the ‘‘health insurance market-place.’’ When there is only one com-pany selling insurance to one-third of the country, that is not a marketplace, that is a monopoly. That is why so many people say that they and their families have been personally hurt by the law and they believe it is going to make things worse for their families. This Democrats’ health care law is turning the country into an ObamaCare wasteland—a wasteland without choices and without opportu-nities to make decisions about what is best for you and your family. That is why the American people are so wor-ried about the future of their health care and why there has been an incred-ible spike in the number of people who think that in the future, their health care will get worse. People look at these unsustainable price increases and they say: What am I going to do? They can’t afford the in-surance now. Maybe they can make it through this year. What about next year? People want and need relief because even if you are down to one choice, even if there is a monopoly and you are down to one choice, you have to buy it because if you don’t, President Obama and the Democrats say ‘‘You must pay a fine. You must pay a penalty. You must pay a tax’’ even though you have no choice. That is the Democrats’ plan for health care—fine and penalize and tax them, but we are not going to give them any choice. There is no market-place; there is a monopoly. People want and deserve relief, and Republicans are offering that kind of relief. We are offering relief by saying: If you live in one of those counties that have no choices, the penalties, man-dates, and fines should not apply to you. The Democrats say: Pay up anyway. If you live in a location where the premiums have gone up over 10 per-cent, the Republicans say: You deserve relief from what President Obama and the Democrats have forced upon you. The Democrats say: Tough. Pay up anyway. Pay the fine. Pay the penalty. Pay the tax. The American people deserve relief. People around the country are fright-ened by what they are seeing. They are frightened by what is happening with the health care law and the impacts, and they can see it getting worse and worse. This didn’t have to happen. It didn’t have to happen. When the President wrote this law and had HARRY REID’s office behind closed doors—had it writ-ten over in that area, ignoring the pleas of the Republicans, ignoring the pleas of the American people, who said ‘‘Do not do this to us,’’ the Democrats and the President said they know bet-ter than all of us. They said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. That turned out not to be true. They said: If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan. That turned out not to be true. Premiums will drop by $2,500, they said, and that was per year. That turned out not to be true. This health care law has been very damaging to so many Americans. There are people who need help, but the Democrats should not have hurt so many Americans who had insurance, who had something that worked for them, who had something they could afford, in an effort to help others who didn’t have insurance. That is why peo-ple are desperately asking for relief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.024 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5817 September 15, 2016 
from a one-size-fits-all approach with Washington mandates, with unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats forcing more regulations on hospitals, on doc-tors, on nurses, and on nursing homes across the board. That is why the American people say the health care law is going to make things even worse. It is very distressing to hear a Demo-cratic Senator come to the floor and say ‘‘Isn’t ObamaCare great?’’ because the American people know it is not. They know they have been hurt, they have been harmed, they have been taxed, they have been penalized, and they have been forced to pay more. They have lost options, lost choices, and lost opportunities because of this law and this administration and the way this was passed—without listening to people from both sides. I think it is time for the Democrats to stop trying to spin this destructive law. It is time for them to work with Republicans to give the American peo-ple what they wanted from the begin-ning. They wanted the care they need from a doctor they chose at lower costs, not a health care law that so many Americans believe is going to continue to make health care in this country worse. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Susan S. Gibson, of Vir-ginia, to be Inspector General of the National Reconnaissance Office. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 15 minutes for debate, equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from New Jersey. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise to take a stand against Russia’s attempts to tamper with the American Presidential electoral process and to create chaos in our elections and, at the end of the day, to undermine the integrity of the results of our election to serve its own purposes. I remind my colleagues that in 2012, I was the victim of such election tam-pering attempts. The Washington Post reported that while I was running for reelection and preparing to become chairman of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee, the CIA had credible evidence, including Internet protocol addresses, linking Cuban agents to planted stories in the United States and in Latin American publications. It was reported that those connec-tions were laid out in intelligence re-ports provided to U.S. Government offi-cials and sent by secure cables to the FBI’s Counterintelligence Division. De-spite all of our government’s capabili-ties, they supposedly could not find who was behind the smear. Maybe our government didn’t want to rock the boat as they were prepared to establish relations with Cuba, but you would think that our government would do everything possible against a foreign government that was trying to upset the election of a sitting Senator to af-fect U.S. policy. Let’s be clear. In this new digital world of open and accessible personal information available to anyone who has the technical savvy to find it and use it for nefarious purposes, the elec-tion of anyone in this Chamber is at risk. We need to take a stand in this elec-tion cycle. We need the administration to come forward and tell us what they know about Vladimir Putin’s efforts to influence our Presidential election. We need to know what Putin knows, and we must find out exactly who is behind it, what they have, and what their pur-pose is. It is certainly more than my experi-ence and more than the Republican nominee’s deplorable admiration for dictators and strongmen. It is about protecting the American political proc-ess from outside interference and influ-ence. Let’s be very clear. I know, from my experience that we cannot underesti-mate the tradecraft of seasoned operatives like Vladimir Putin. We cer-tainly cannot be naive enough to praise them for perceived strength and conflate it with the ruthless abuse of power. There is a difference between thuggery and strength. Let’s be clear. Neither the Cuban Government, which attempted to smear me, nor Putin is in any way a friend of the United States. In Putin’s case, he is, as my colleague from Ari-zona—who, like me, was sanctioned by Putin—has publicly called him, ‘‘a thug and a butcher.’’ He is, in fact, a dictator who has been connected to the brutal deaths of his enemies and now has shown a willingness to use cyber warfare to undermine our democratic process. He clearly is attempting to shake the bedrock integrity of our po-litical system, as Cuban intelligence tried to undermine the integrity of my last election in an effort to prevent me from becoming chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. From my perspective, the purpose is not only to undermine credibility and faith but to create a result that would benefit Russia. These actions are be-yond the scope of any acceptable inter-national norm and cannot be tolerated. With a laptop, a computer code, and a KGB penchant to rebuild the Russian Empire, wage Cold War 2.0, and use every technological tool to tip the geo-political balance in Russia’s favor, we cannot in any way praise Putin or any-one else who attempts to influence our election process for their leadership. We have seen the manifestation of Putin’s methods in the latest cyber at-tack on the Democratic National Com-mittee and in a long list of egregious conventional interventions, from the annexation of Crimea to the orches-trating of supposed-Russian separatists who shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine, his invasion of eastern Ukraine through the use of ir-regular Russian forces, now his troops amassing along the Ukraine border, and his invasion of Georgia not long ago. You can see it in his efforts to un-dermine sovereign Baltic countries through broadcasting and cyber efforts against those governments. We have seen it in his military and political maneuverings to maintain control of his naval base in the port city of Tartus in Syria by intervening, with Assad, in the Syrian civil war. In Syria, Putin has stepped up his support for his friend and dictator Bashar al- Assad. While its own citizens are suffering severe economic hardships, and while innocent Syrian civilians continue to suffer under the barrel bombs and mili-tary campaigns of Assad, Putin con-tinues to provide military and tactical support to this murderous regime, at-tacking schools and hospitals with cluster munitions and incendiary at-tacks. Further ignoring the basic rights of all people, as Russia sells weapons system to Assad, it refuses to grant asylum or basic humanitarian support to Syrian refugees, who are di-rectly suffering under Russia’s contin-ued involvement in their country. I remind my colleagues that Putin is no friend to the United States. His brand of leadership is to be condemned in no uncertain terms and should be de-nounced in this Chamber and by all re-sponsible American Presidential can-didates. He is not a strong leader. He is a ruthless dictator who clearly knows his tradecraft and has not only hacked into the Democratic National Commit-tee’s computer files but has capitalized on whatever business ties Paul Manafort has or had to Russia to woo— seemingly, in effect—an American Presidential candidate who respects strongmen and bravado and effectively recruit him. There is no room in this Chamber or in the American political landscape for the support of Putin’s actions or lead-ership. This former KGB agent has a clear purpose in mind. He is engaged in a Soviet Cold War style brand of dic-tatorial actions, including state-spon-sored surveillance, censorship, and re-pression. Just look at the record. Human rights groups continue to report that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.025 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5818 September 15, 2016 
in 2015, the Kremlin’s crackdown on civil society, media, and the Internet took a sinister turn as the government further intensified harassment and per-secution of independent critics. Putin’s thugs routinely harass anyone and ev-eryone who dares to question Putin’s authority. Earlier this year, a vocal critic was shot dead in front of the Kremlin. Ac-cording to reports from rights groups, last week Russian police harassed, beat, and threatened environmental ac-tivists, and Russian state TV published a smear campaign against these envi-ronmentalists, calling them American spies. The real spying—the dangerous activity—comes from Russia itself. It was July when Russian hackers broke into the email servers of the Democratic National Committee—a clear and blatant attempt to interfere in our domestic political process. We know that Russian actors released tens of thousands of emails with the inten-tion of undermining the Democratic nominee for President, while, amaz-ingly, the Republican nominee seems to encourage it. He encouraged an international adversary—someone he clearly admires for his supposed strength—to hack into the emails in the account of a former American Sec-retary of State. This is not normal political cam-paign behavior. In my view, it is trea-sonous, and there are no excuses for it. There is no defending it. There is no reasonable explanation or defending it. Every one of my colleagues in this Chamber should condemn it. Encouraging hacking and govern-ment surveillance reeks of authoritarianism that has no place in our democratic society and threatens each and every one of us. It is out-rageous that anyone would invite a for-eign leader of an adversarial country to undermine or threaten any American, let alone a former Secretary of State and Presidential candidate. Putin clearly prefers a candidate who is willing to cozy up to dictators, who lavishes praise on the leadership styles of dictators like Saddam Hussein. Someone aspiring to be Commander in Chief, who praises the behavior of lead-ers who murder their own citizens, jail journalists who dare to question their activities, or consistently take actions to isolate themselves from the inter-national community, in my view, has no business seeking higher office. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. MENENDEZ. I ask unanimous consent for one additional minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Any praise of Putin for any reason, a Cold War warrior who continues to upend international sta-bility and order, seeking to expand his rule and control, holds false Duma elections in Crimea, stages war games on Crimea’s shores—simulating an in-vasion—clearly must raise a red flag to every American voter. We must respond to Russia’s contin-ued muscle flexing and provocation. I call on the administration for forceful and appropriate responses to Russia’s nefarious and calculated involvement in our elections. It is attacking the U.S. political system in a Putin-led cold war 2.0, and it is clear this old KGB spy has no boundaries. Let’s not let ourselves be recruited by him or confuse strength with ruth-lessness, as some have. It is my hope that every one of my colleagues will in no uncertain terms condemn any at-tempt by any nation to influence any American election as well as Russian interventionism and Putin’s actions around the world. With that, I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to support Ms. Susan Gib-son to serve as the next inspector gen-eral of the National Reconnaissance Of-fice, NRO, the first to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate. In 2013, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, which I chaired at the time, included in its Intelligence Au-thorization Act a provision to require Senate confirmation of the inspectors general for the National Reconnais-sance Office and the National Security Agency. Ms. Gibson represents the first nominee to be considered by the Senate for the NRO position. I had the pleasure to meet Ms. Gib-son earlier this year, prior to the Sen-ate Intelligence Committee’s open hearing which took place on June 7, 2016, to consider her nomination. I per-sonally appreciated our frank discus-sion for it demonstrated Ms. Gibson’s understanding of the role of the inspec-tor general and the need for principled, objective, and effective oversight of every aspect of the NRO. With this confirmation, it will be Ms. Gibson’s job to ensure that the NRO re-mains free of waste, fraud, and mis-management, while supporting efforts to drive the organization toward more efficient and effective operations. I be-lieve that Ms. Gibson possesses the ex-tensive experience and background necessary to carry out this mission. It is also important that Ms. Gibson recognizes her responsibility to keep the appropriate Members of Congress fully and currently informed about the concerns she may identify at the NRO. I do not want to sugarcoat it, but this is big job. It is a big job, in part, due to NRO’s size and the complexity of its mission. Ms. Gibson will be re-quired to dig deep into some very tech-nical and complicated programs, in-cluding some of the most classified and expensive programs. But it is also a big job because it comes with the extra responsibility of conducting oversight of an organiza-tion in which most activities are con-ducted in secret. The duty to the American public cannot be overstated. The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence on which I currently serve as vice chairman is charged with ensuring the intelligence community operates in a manner that is legal, efficient, and abides by the values of the American people. The committee requires effec-tive and independent inspectors gen-eral to support us in this task. It is my expectation that Ms. Gibson will make full use of the authorities provided to her as an inspector general. So, again, congratulations on Ms. Gibson’s well-deserved confirmation to this important position, and I want to thank her again on her continued serv-ice to the country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, my understanding is that we have 7 min-utes left on the Republican side, and I ask unanimous consent to use those 7 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEROIN AND PRESCRIPTION DRUG EPIDEMIC  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about this epidemic of heroin, prescription drugs, and now fentanyl and other synthetic heroin. It is devastating our communities. My home State of Ohio, unfortunately, is one of those States that has seen the tragedy of this epidemic unfold. The grip of this addiction has affected every single State in this Chamber, though. People are talking about it more and more in this Chamber be-cause it is affecting every one of us, every community. It knows no ZIP Code. It is in the rural areas, in the suburban areas, and the inner city. No community is safe from it. Yesterday, I had a coffee—which I do once a week—our Buckeye Coffee, and I had a woman come up to me at the cof-fee whose name is Sheila. Sheila told me about her son and her daughter-in- law. They had overdosed. They were unconscious. Luckily, she had Narcan—this miracle drug. It is a brand name of naloxone. She was able to bring them back to life. She then started a group that is all over our State now, which is called Families of Addicts. They are in five different counties. They are focused on the hope of treatment and recovery, but they are also focused on—when Narcan is administered—going to peo-ple, intervening with people, getting them into treatment, longer term re-covery, and helping them save lives. I so appreciate her and so appreciate these other parents like her who are ensuring that, yes, we save people’s lives with Narcan, which is so impor-tant, but we also ensure that we are getting people into the treatment they need so they can get back to a produc-tive life and back to their families. This Chamber passed legislation called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, earlier this summer. That legislation is now being implemented by the administra-tion. I hope they accelerate that imple-mentation. They must because the epi-demic is so urgent, but, unfortunately, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.026 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5819 September 15, 2016 
that legislation, which was written over the last 3
1⁄2years, doesn’t address one specific issue that I think must be addressed now in the context of what is happening in my State of Ohio and around the country, because it is not just prescription drugs and not just heroin. Increasingly, it is this syn-thetic heroin called fentanyl or carfentanil and sometimes U–4. This is poison and it is getting into our com-munities. It is much more powerful than heroin. Ingesting just a few flakes of it can kill a human being. We have seen huge spikes in overdoses in Ohio over the last couple of months. In my hometown of Cin-cinnati, we had 174 overdoses in the space of 6 days. Miraculously, most people were saved by Narcan but some-times having to be administered four or five or six times. The authorities knew it wasn’t just heroin, and sure enough, we were able to get a sample of carfentanil to them thinking that might be the problem. They tested it, and sure of enough, many of these overdoses were caused by this syn-thetic heroin which is 100 times strong-er than heroin in some cases. By the way, it is a large animal tranquilizer used for elephants in zoos. Yet these traffickers and pushers are using this drug and not just causing overdoses but causing overdose deaths. We need new legislation. Last week, we introduced legislation in this Cham-ber to be able to stop this fentanyl, carfentanil, U–4, and these other syn-thetic drugs from coming into our com-munities. What we were told by the authorities is, the drugs come in by way of the mail system primarily from China and sometimes India. There are chemists in sophisticated laboratories in these countries sending this poison into our community. All we are asking for in our legislation is let’s ensure that packages coming from those countries have the information provided so we know where they are coming from, where they are going, and what the contents are. Unbelievably, that is not required now. FedEx, UPS, and other private carriers require it, but our mail system, including our U.S. mail sys-tem, does not require it. Talking to law enforcement, including Customs and Border Protection, DEA folks, and the people who are in the trenches dealing with this issue, all agree this legisla-tion makes sense so we can try to stop some of this poison from coming into our communities. I have been on this floor every single week since our legislation came up back on March 10. I have been talking about the importance of getting legis-lation passed, and that has now hap-pened. I have been talking about the importance of implementing it quick-ly, and that is now happening. The Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act was supported by an amazing 92-to- 2 vote in this Chamber because every State is affected. I believe we need to do even more with regard to the specific issue of these synthetic drugs coming into our country through the mail system. I ask my colleagues to support it—with 92 of us supporting that legislation—and please look at this legislation. Let’s support it, get it to the floor, get it to a vote, and let’s begin saving more lives as we have to deal with this new wave of synthetic heroin coming into our communities. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Gibson nomina-tion? Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would each vote yea. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 93, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 142 Ex.] YEAS—93 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NOT VOTING—7 
Ayotte Boxer Johnson Kaine Moran Sanders Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. The Senator from Alaska. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE VENERABLE NORMAN H.V. ELLIOTT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, it seems I am coming to the floor of the Senate on an increasingly frequent basis to honor the pioneering men and women who arrived in the State of Alaska prior to statehood who truly have left a lasting impression on the history of the 49th State. Today I rise to remember the Vener-able Norman H.V. Elliott. Father El-liott was an Episcopal clergyman who arrived in Alaska in 1951. He was truly a profound spiritual force in Alaska from the day he arrived in our State until his death on Friday, September 9 of this year. Father Elliott passed at the age of 97. To say he lived his life to the fullest would be a huge understate-ment. Father Elliott lived a life as big as the State of Alaska. As we reflect upon that life, it would be no overstatement to characterize Norman Elliott as a true Alaskan icon. Father Elliott was born in England. He moved to Detroit, MI, when he was 4 years old, and according to the sto-ries, he decided very early on, about middle-school age, that he wanted to enter the ministry. That future was somewhat inter-rupted by World War II. Father Elliott was drawn to military service, and after considering the possibility of joining a Canadian Forces battalion in neighboring Windsor, Ontario, he chose the U.S. Army instead. He was assigned to a new experimental light infantry division which was patterned after a German light division. After training in the swamps of Louisiana and Cali-fornia’s mountains, he was deployed to Europe. Initially deployed to France, he fought in Luxembourg and Ger-many. I had an opportunity to come to know Father Elliott very well over the years. Several years back, he agreed to sit for an interview as part of our Vet-erans Spotlight series. This is an oral history project I sponsored to capture the stories of Alaskan veterans. We worked in conjunction with the Vet-erans History Project at the Library of Congress. In that interview, Father El-liott talked about the realities of the war. He said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.027 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5820 September 15, 2016 
I remember good times. I remember bad times. I remember times where I barely es-caped by the skin of my teeth. You never for-get. I remember, and there are things I wish I had done or didn’t do. I hope that as a whole, Alaskans remember what we did, be-cause as a Nation, we are losing our remem-brance of World War II. 
Well, Father Elliott never let us for-get our veterans, whether it was our veterans who fought honorably in World War II or the returning men and women who are coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan. Father Elliott’s history after the war took him to Alaska. He attended Vir-ginia Theological Seminary. He in-tended to serve as a missionary in India. There wasn’t a slot available there for him, but there was one in Alaska. Father Elliott ended up in Alaska. His first stop was at St. Mark’s Episcopal Mission in Nenana, a church and boarding home for Native children. Then he went to St. Barnabas’s Mission in Minto and St. Stephen’s Mission in Fort Yukon. Over time, his responsibil-ities expanded to missions throughout the Gwich’in communities on the Upper Yukon—communities such as Eagle, Circle, Chalkyitsik, Arctic Vil-lage, Venetie, Beaver, and Stevens Vil-lage. To cover this very large territory, Father Elliott would often travel by dogsled. He became a pilot and flew his own aircraft. I think he called his yel-low plane the ‘‘Drunken Canary.’’ Father Elliott was truly ‘‘as unique as Alaska itself,’’ in the words of one of his parishioners. His duties in the villages were hardly romantic. Father Elliott was forced to confront the dual scourge of alcohol abuse and suicide and the loss of faith that comes along with despair. As a member of a joint Federal-State Com-mission on Alaska Natives in the 1990s, he encouraged a shift in government policies toward Native people. Instead of the government doing for Native people and doing things perhaps poorly, he believed the Native people them-selves needed to be heard. He was an incredible advocate in so many ways. He was more than your village priest, though. In various villages, Father El-liott would come in and do whatever task was needed. In an article in our local newspaper, the Alaska Dispatch, just a couple of days ago, it was reported this way: 
[Father] Elliott did every kind of task—he was a policeman, a tax collector, a school-teacher, a delivery person and a messenger. When he arrived in one village to do church services, he first vaccinated everyone for ty-phoid. He usually carried penicillin in his sled bag, giving anyone who needed it an in-jection in the rump, including any sick dogs in his team. 
Now, that is an individual who cared for everyone in whatever the capacity. After being in the remote interior of the State, Father Elliott’s next assign-ments were in relatively urban corners of Alaska. In 1958, Father Elliott moved to Southeast Alaska where he served at St. John’s Church in Ketch-ikan. In 1962, he settled in as rector at All Saints Episcopal Church, a beau-tiful church in downtown Anchorage. Father Elliott officially retired in 1990 when he reached the age of 70 in ac-cordance with the church rules. That might be the end of the story there, but it is hardly the story for Fa-ther Elliott. Two years after his retire-ment, All Saints needed a replacement priest, and he came out of retirement to serve as something called a priest in charge and continued to serve until earlier this year. Father Elliott was one of those who was everywhere. He was at every social gathering. He was at every wedding, every funeral, baptisms, everything in between. He would visit those in the hospital. At times he would stay all night. He had this uncanny sense of knowing when they were in the hos-pital because he was very often the first one to visit. Father Elliott ended up in the hos-pital earlier this year. He was down with pneumonia. It was a bit ironic. I went to visit him. He was really pretty grumpy. He was grumpy because he knew the hospital in and out, but he didn’t like being the one who was con-fined in the bed. He was grumpy be-cause he had places to go and people to see. As I recall, he had a funeral to go to and a wedding to go to, and when he got out of the hospital, he resumed that active schedule. I have remarked often that Father Elliott lived every day to its fullest, from the time he woke up in the morn-ing until the time he went to bed at night, and his is a life well lived. Last week, Father Elliott passed away, and that, I am afraid, is the end of his story—at least the end of the story as we know it here on this Earth. Father Elliott served his church, his Nation, and his community with great distinction, and his was indeed a life that was well lived. I have so many wonderful memories of my friend Father Norman Elliott, and that will sustain me, but I cannot help but observe that with Father El-liott’s passing, another of Alaska’s great and mighty trees has fallen. I will be in Alaska this weekend and on Monday will have an opportunity to join with Alaskans from around the State in paying a tribute to a man who truly lived a life of service to others, who truly cared in a way that goes al-most beyond description. I stand with my colleagues and ask that we join in prayers for Father Elliott and the fam-ily of truly a great Alaskan. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I wasn’t expecting to be on the floor when the Senator from Alaska was talking about Father Elliott. What a great story, and what a great life he lived. I am glad I happened to be here and had a chance to listen. SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS Mr. CORNYN. Just a few moments ago, the Senate passed a piece of legis-lation that some might ask: Well, what is the big deal? The Water Resources Development Act—what we call around here WRDA by the acronym—this bill is enormously important for States like North Dakota, places like Texas that have experienced flooding, in par-ticular, but this bill will help us main-tain and expand our infrastructure re-lated to our most precious natural re-source, and that is water. Like I said, that might sound a little boring, not particularly interesting, but it actually has a lot of relevance to every American. Like I said last week, this legislation includes provisions that will help my constituents in Texas in a number of ways, from drought and flood protection to carving out deeper ports to enhance our ability to do international trade, but the passage of this bill serves as another example of what can happen when the Senate is actually working the way it is sup-posed to. I am not going to suggest to you that just because the 2014 election gave Re-publicans the majority in the U.S. Sen-ate that automatically made it pos-sible for the Senate to begin func-tioning again, but the fact is, leader-ship does make a difference. I know it was absolutely key to Majority Leader MCCONNELL ’s agenda that we would ac-tually work in the committees to build consensus on legislation, and then they would come to the floor and people would have an opportunity to offer amendments and other constructive suggestions and we would work until we built that consensus and accom-plished our goal of passing legislation. It is worth reminding our colleagues that the Senate, under Senator M
CCON-
NELL ’s leadership, passed the first bi-cameral budget that we have passed since 2009 and the first balanced budget since 2001. Under a Republican-led Sen-ate, all 12 appropriations bills were ap-proved by their respective subcommit-tees and by the Appropriations Com-mittee itself. As the Presiding Officer knows, the only way that happens is for the chair and the ranking member of the appropriate Appropriations sub-committee to work together on a bi-partisan basis and then work with col-leagues on the whole Appropriations Committee to come up with legislation they will support or that an over-whelming majority—in some cases unanimously—of the committee sup-ports. This is the first time since 2009 that we have actually seen all 12 appropria-tions bills approved by the subcommit-tees and then by the entire Appropria-tions Committee. That is the good news. The bad news is, our Democratic col-leagues wouldn’t let us proceed with actually voting on those appropria-tions bills to get them done one at a time, in a transparent sort of way, where we would be held accountable for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.030 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5821 September 15, 2016 
what we did, and it would be open to the American people to see exactly what we were doing. The reason we are talking about a continuing resolution this week and next is because of the filibuster of the appropriations process. It didn’t have to be that way. In fact, we were on track to funding the government the way we were supposed to, bill by bill. In spite of the filibuster on the appro-priations bill, we have been able to find consensus on a number of other impor-tant pieces of legislation. This is legis-lation that will help American fami-lies, strengthen our economy, and help keep the American people secure. Im-portantly, these were bills that furthered what I believe to be the ap-propriate philosophy of the govern-ment; that is, Washington does not al-ways know best, and that power needs to be devolved from the Federal Gov-ernment in Washington back down to the States and back down to individual citizens. For example, we passed the first major education reform bill since No Child Left Behind, a piece of legisla-tion called the Every Student Succeeds Act. This bill does exactly what I just described. Under the chairmanship and the leadership of Senator A
LEXANDER  and Ranking Member M
URRAY , what this legislation did was it transferred more power with regard to public edu-cation, K–12, from Washington back to the States and back to parents and teachers—people who actually under-stand best what the educational needs of their students are and how to make sure they achieve their potential. We also passed the first multiyear highway bill since 2005. Why is that im-portant? Well, if you come from a fast- growing State like mine, a big State, the quality of highways and bridges are pretty darn important—not only im-portant to public safety, they are im-portant to the environment and they are important for the economy. But this is the first time we passed a multiyear highway bill since 2005. As I said, this legislation will help us main-tain and build our infrastructure so we can keep up with economic and popu-lation growth and make the most of it. It will also provide certainty to our States and communities so they can actually plan for the future. As long as we were passing 6-month or yearlong Transportation bills, there was no way they could do long-term planning, which is more efficient and more cost- effective. We also have done other important things. We passed trade promotion au-thority—working with the President— that defines the parameters of what Congress and the White House would agree to when it comes to trade agree-ments. I know ‘‘trade’’ has kind of be-come a little bit of a dirty word lately in Presidential politics, but I can tell you, in my State we see the benefits of our international trading ability every day. Six million jobs depend on bina-tional trade with Mexico alone, and NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement, which basically tied together Canada, Mexico, and the United States, has been seen as a very positive move and has created a lot of jobs and economic growth. We also reauthorized the Federal Aviation Administration—pretty darn important if you happen to fly. We passed another piece of important legislation called the POLICE Act to support our local law enforcement offi-cials and to make sure they get the training they need to respond to an ac-tive shooter situation—something that, sadly, more and more police find themselves confronted with these days. We also had a tremendous vote—99 to 0—in the Senate on a bill called Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. I have said many times that sadly the profile of a victim of human trafficking is a girl between the ages of 12 and 14 years old, many of whom run away from home, only to find themselves living a life of literally modern-day slavery. This legislation was designed to make sure there were more resources avail-able to help rescue those victims of human trafficking and to better equip law enforcement to track down their captors. We also passed legislation that pro-motes a more transparent and open government and protects intellectual property rights, just to name a few. Again, these may seem like small things in isolation, but they represent a major change in the way we do busi-ness here in the Senate—actually working together on a bipartisan basis to solve problems and to get legislation on the President’s desk and have him sign it. Now, you won’t read very much about that because the news covers conflict. That is just the nature of the beast. When we fight like cats and dogs, it is all over the newspapers and on the Internet and on TV, but when we actually appear to be doing the work the American people sent us here to do, frankly, it is not particularly newsworthy, sadly enough. We have other important work that is still outstanding as the Senate con-tinues to make progress on a con-ference report on the Energy Policy Modernization Act, a bill this Chamber passed months ago thanks to the lead-ership of Senator M
URKOWSKI of Alaska and Ranking Member C
ANTWELL . We also are close to finishing up our work on the National Defense Authorization Act. This is the major defense author-ization bill that has been passed out of the Senate every year for more years than we can remember. Then the work we have to complete this week and next is to find a way to keep the gov-ernment up and running and provide resources to communities to fight the Zika virus and to prevent the horrific birth defects that unfortunately are part of that disease. I point out these accomplishments in an effort to just remind our colleagues and anybody who happens to be listen-ing that we do try—not all the time but most of the time—to put politics aside, to focus on results, and to try to do things that benefit the American people. I am thankful for the leadership of the majority leader. As I said earlier, leadership matters. Senator MCCON-
NELL has worked hard to try to bring bills to the floor that did enjoy bipar-tisan support and, to the extent pos-sible, to make sure everybody had a chance to participate in the process. It is that sort of vision and that sort of pragmatism which has brought us this record of success. I hope we continue to do that in the time we have left be-tween now and the election and then when we return after the election to work together. I know it is tough work. It is frustrating. But it is worthwhile, and it is worth doing. I don’t see anybody ready to speak. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is in morning business, and the Senator is recognized for up to 10 min-utes. 
f 
STOP TERRORIST OPERATIONAL RESOURCES AND MONEY ACT Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the issue of terrorism financing, especially with regard to the terrorist group ISIS, known by some as ISIL, or other terminology referring to ISIS itself. Just days ago, we marked the 15th anniversary since the terrorist attack on our country on September 11, 2001. At the time, the United States had a fundamentally different understanding of terrorist groups, their ideologies, and their operations. In the years since, our national secu-rity apparatus has grown and adapted, responding to evolving threats and prioritizing the fight against terrorism and violent extremism. For example, prior to 9/11, the De-partment of the Treasury was not as significant in our fight against ter-rorism as it is today. An act of Con-gress established the Treasury Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence in 2004. Since then, this office has grown into an essential component of our counterterrorism work. They are charged with the task of cutting off the financial resources that terrorist groups need to survive. The terrorist group ISIS presents challenges, a whole new set of chal-lenges. Similar to Hezbollah, ISIS is part terrorist group, part army, and part criminal syndicate fueled by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.031 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5822 September 15, 2016 
hateful ideology and controlling com-munities in Syria and Iraq. We know that ISIS has sacked banks and still profits from the illicit sale of oil, an-tiquities, and other items through the black market while extorting the civil-ians under their control. ISIS uses this funding to conduct terror attacks and control territory in both Syria and Iraq. They use it to buy more weapons, ammunition, and components for im-provised explosive devices known as IEDs. They use it to pay salaries for fighters and develop propaganda mate-rials to spread their hateful ideology. In August of 2014, I joined with Sen-ator R
UBIO, urging the administration to prioritize stopping ISIS’s financial support. Soon after, the President an-nounced his comprehensive strategy to degrade and defeat ISIS. Already, we have seen that the United States and coalition efforts, in-cluding airstrikes on oil trucks and cash storage sites, have had a meaning-ful impact on ISIS’s finances. For ex-ample, in recent months, ISIS has had to reduce the salaries they pay their fighters. Our airstrikes have also taken key ISIS leaders, including their fi-nance minister, off the battlefield. Just yesterday, Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken reported signifi-cant progress on rolling back ISIS’s control of territory. In April, Maj. Gen. Peter Gersten, Deputy Commander of the Combined Joint Task Force, Oper-ation Inherent Resolve, said: ‘‘ISIS’s ability to finance their war through oil refineries has been destroyed.’’ That is what it says right here. Their ‘‘ability to finance their war through oil refin-eries has been destroyed.’’ This is a very significant step, since ISIS was heavily reliant on this source of in-come. The President also recently signed into law my bill, the Protect and Pre-serve International Cultural Property Act, which helped ensure that the United States is not a market for an-tiquities looted from Syria. This is im-portant because a report by the CultureUnderThreat Task Force stated that ISIS may try to increase—in-crease—its antiquities trafficking ac-tivity as other revenue streams, such as oil sales, are cut off. ISIS is rewriting the rule book on how terrorist groups work. Despite the loss of territory in both Syria and Iraq, it continues to cultivate its affiliates in northern and western Africa, Cen-tral Asia, and other parts of the Middle East. It continues to sow the seeds of terror in neighboring countries such as Turkey, Saudi Arabia, further afield in Europe, Africa, and, of course, here in the United States. ISIS has figured out how to operate outside of the inter-national financial system, lessening the impact of our banking sanctions that we have relied upon before. We may be able to defeat ISIS, but the problem of terrorist financing will stay with us. I took a trip in February to Israel, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey, which confirmed this assessment. That is why I believe we need a more robust, permanent, international architecture for countering terrorist financial net-works. In June, I introduced the Stop Ter-rorist Operational Resources and Money Act—the so-called STORM Act—with Senator JOHNNY ISAKSON , and this is but a first step. This bill provides a strong set of tools to compel greater cooperation from partner na-tions. The STORM Act authorizes a new designation by the President called ‘‘Jurisdiction of Terrorism Financing Concern,’’ which can be triggered ei-ther by a lack of political will by a country or a lack of capacity to take on this problem. Some countries have the capacity to make meaningful progress but lack the political will to do so. I believe we should levy tough penalties that make countries recon-sider their willful ignorance or tacit acceptance of terrorist financiers car-rying their country’s passports or oper-ating in their territory. The penalties under the STORM Act include suspen-sion of security or development assist-ance, blocking of arms sales, and blocking loans from the IMF or the World Bank. With some countries the challenge is a basic lack of capacity. The United States is well equipped to provide tech-nical assistance and capacity building. We have done this before on the issue of nuclear nonproliferation. The STORM Act authorizes the administra-tion to do the same with countering terrorism financing. Lastly, the STORM Act authorizes sanctions against financial institutions that do business with ISIS. This sends a signal that banks need to be vigilant in ensuring that they do not facilitate ISIS’s financial operations. In the years since 9/11, terrorist groups have become ever more sophis-ticated in the way they finance their operations. We have to respond in kind, and it is right to expect all our part-ners to do the same. The bipartisan STORM Act sends a very clear message. If you fail to pull your weight when it comes to ter-rorism financing and cutting it off, there will be consequences. If you want to improve your record, the United States is here to help you. I urge my colleagues to support the STORM Act as an element of our fight against ISIS and a step toward building a more robust, international architec-ture to stop terrorism financing in the long run. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. ISIS Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, you of-tentimes draw the short straw and have to preside while I am speaking, and you can probably give some of these talks as well as I can, but I am going to go back and talk about some-thing I have discussed every couple of weeks—not so much during our 7-week recess but certainly before and subse-quent to that as well. What I have been doing is providing an update for our colleagues on what is going on in a part of the world we have a lot of inter-est in, including Iraq, here; Kurdistan, here, which is part of Iraq; Turkey in the north; Syria, which is right here to the west of Iraq; and Iran is over here. We have the Mediterranean Sea right here. I just want to hearken back to 2 years ago when the folks from ISIS were rolling through this part of the world hellbent on getting to Baghdad. Baghdad is right here, right down here, not too far from Iran. They had made extraordinary progress, killing a lot of people along the way, taking a lot of prisoners, a lot of them women as sex prisoners, and slaughtering a lot of people, with mass graves and a large amount of carnage. They were able to scare off the Iraqi Army. In many cases, the Iraqis turned tail and ran. Their leadership ran too. In fact, their leadership may have actually run be-fore the rank-and-file troops, heading this way, back toward Baghdad. Fi-nally, when the folks of ISIS were sort of knocking on the door just west of Baghdad, they were slowed and stopped. What has happened in the last sev-eral months? There has been a big change in the momentum of the battle. Now it is not just Iraq on its own in this fight; Iraq is joined by a coalition of roughly 60 nations, of which the United States is the leader. Our job is not to provide boots on the ground in Iraq or in Syria; for the most part, our job is to provide intelligence support. Our job is to provide air support—fixed- wing, rotary-wing, unpiloted aircraft, drones—and our job is to provide train-ing, support, and advice to the folks who are doing the fighting. This is a province just west of Bagh-dad called Anbar Province. We have all heard of it. This area right here—west of this whole area is considered the Sunni Triangle because the lion’s share of the folks who live in this part of Iraq are Sunni. There are particular cities they live in. One is called Fallujah. A member of my staff was wounded and almost killed in Fallujah a few years ago. There is Ramadi and a place called Tikrit. Tikrit, right up here, is where Saddam Hussein was from. All these areas were taken over by ISIS a couple of years ago. They have been driven out of those cities and out of this part of Iraq. The folks who have been doing most of the fighting on the ground—their ab-breviation is CTS, which, as I recall, stands for Counter Terrorism Service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.035 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5823 September 15, 2016 
We are providing support for them, but they are actually the boots on the ground. The next province here in this coun-try is to the northeast. It is on the bor-der here with Kurdistan, and it is a town called Mosul. It is not a town, it is a city, and there are about 2 million people living there. That is the second largest city, right behind Baghdad, that is still in the hands of ISIS. Sometime later this year or early next year, we expect to see a full-scale movement by the coalition—led again by the Iraqi forces themselves—to move on Mosul. There is a town here— there is actually a base here about 50 miles southwest of Mosul called Qayyarah, and it is a big Air Force base, and that was taken maybe a month or so ago by the Iraqi forces with our support. There is not only a base there, there is a town that goes with it called Qayyarah, and that town is now in the hands of the Iraqis, and the folks from ISIS have been driven out of Qayyarah. It was really the last major city or town between Baghdad and Mosul that was in the hands of ISIS. Now we come across the northern part of Iraq over into Syria again to a place called Manbij. This is a pretty good size city. It is very close to the Turkish border. There is another town here on the Turkish border with Syria called Jarabulus. These two places were in the hands of ISIS until very re-cently. They served almost as a gate-way, almost a free flow of ISIS troops, soldiers, or reinforcements coming across the border with Turkey and through Jarabulus and down by Manbij. Both those cities are now in the hands of forces that are in alliance with our coalition. There is a place here—not as big as Mosul—called Raqqa that is still in the hands of ISIS. They think of it as the spiritual center of their caliphate. My guess is that sometime next year, after Mosul has been taken, full attention will turn to Raqqa. There will be coali-tion forces coming in from the south-west and folks who we are fighting with in the northeast, and that will be the next big battle. In the meantime, since the last time I spoke on the Senate floor, a lot of land that ISIS had taken has been re-taken. It was less than 50 percent, and now 50 percent or more of the land that ISIS previously held has been retaken. Again, this is not just the United States. We are playing a constructive role, but the coalition and the Iraqis themselves—some who ran from ISIS— don’t run anymore. We were very much encouraged by the courage they have shown. Among the other things that ISIS took, aside from land, was oil—oil re-serves—and they turned that into money. They captured banks. They went right into the treasuries of the banks and safes and vaults and stole a lot of money—hundreds of millions of dollars. A fair amount of that money has actually been destroyed by air-strikes—literally, cash on fire. I don’t know if it is half, but it is a lot of the money, and ISIS’s ability to realize more revenues by virtue of oil and by selling oil on the black market has been significantly reduced. The idea there is to starve them and reduce the ability for reinforcements to come in from the north and at the same time to take away their ability to make money and use that money to pay their troops and buy things that they and their forces need to wage a successful war. So that is a little bit about what is going on in that part of the world. I will mention a couple of other pieces. I don’t think we have Libya on this map. Libya is over here, a little to the west and to the south. Imagine it is some-where over here—probably over here, but we get the drift. When ISIS is being driven out of this part of the world—out of Iraq and Syria—where do they go? About 50,000 have been killed, over 100 to 200 of their top leaders, including the No. 2 guy who was killed I think last week. Frankly, some are packing up and going home. They see the writing on the wall. Others are going to different coun-tries. Libya is one of the places ISIS has headed. They settled into a place called Sirte, a big seaport town. We have had a heavy focus working with the Libyan forces to take back Sirte, and a week or two ago the last portion of Sirte was recaptured. I think that is another positive development. We have terrorist groups in the Medi-terranean and the Persian Gulf. And through the air and with aircraft as-signed to the carriers, we have been providing that support. The Turks have been good about giving us access to one or more of their bases, so we have the ability to fly aircraft out of there and provide air support for the coalition forces that we have. One of the other ways that ISIS has been very effective in waging this war, aside from the actual fighting on the battlefield, is fighting that does not occur on a battlefield and is not the kind of battle that you win with guns and bullets and rockets and missiles, but it is the kind of fight that goes on through the Internet and through so-cial media. These guys are pretty good at that. They are not 12 feet tall on the battlefield, as it turns out. We are ca-pable of degrading and destroying them, as the President likes to say. But the ability to actually take them down on the Internet through social media has been more challenging. Before I get into that, though, I think the last time I spoke here, I men-tioned that 2 years ago some 2,000 for-eign fighters per month were coming in to this part of the world to be part of the ISIS team—2,000 a month. The last time I reported, I said that number was down to 200 a month. Today, we know that number is down to 50 a month. Part of it is because Jarabulus and Manbij and other towns have pretty much cut off access to the Turkish bor-der. That is an encouragement. I think I mentioned the last time I was on the floor that 2 years ago maybe 10 Ameri-cans a month were coming to this part of the world to join ISIS and to fight. Today, that number is probably down to one per month, one every 2 months. We are encouraged by that. In cyberspace, I understand there are over 360,000 pro-ISIS twitter accounts that have been taken offline this year. Let me say that again. In cyberspace, over 360,000 ISIS twitter accounts have been taken offline over the past 12 months. For every pro-ISIS twitter ac-count, there are now six anti-ISIS ac-counts criticizing and challenging ISIS’s twisted theology. For a while, the ISIS fighters continued to take their hits on the battlefield and had a good spanking applied to them, but they were still doing well on social media. Not so much anymore. As it turns out, as they move over to places like Libya and try to set up a minicaliphate, we have shown that isn’t going to work either. So on balance, this is going in the right direction. It is not time to spike the football. It is a pretty good coali-tion working together, and we are starting to hit on all eight cylinders. I would just say to our troops and to those who are part of the coalition, as we say in the Navy when people do a good job, ‘‘Bravo Zulu.’’ We are not going to spike the football yet, but things are very much encouraging. We are grateful for everybody who has helped to make that possible. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
f 
BLACKFEET WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT ACT Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today is a good day for Montana and the Black-feet people. With the passage of the Water Re-sources Development Act, the Black-feet Water Rights Settlement Act is one step closer to the President’s desk. Today’s action marks the first time the compact has passed the Senate after being introduced four times since 2010. Today, for the first time, this impor-tant legislation came to the Senate for a vote and it passed. I, along with my colleague Senator J
ONTESTER , worked hard to make sure it made it through this time. The settlement is long over-due and will not only establish the tribe’s water rights but will also facili-tate real, tangible benefits for the Blackfeet and surrounding commu-nities. The bill will improve several Federal water structures that are some of the oldest and most in need of repair in the country and will help irrigate some of the most productive farmland in our State. The Blackfeet Water Rights Set-tlement Act also balances the need of the State and the local community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.036 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5824 September 15, 2016 
The Blackfeet Indian Reservation is lo-cated adjacent to Glacier National Park and is some 1.5 million acres in size. There are 17,000 enrolled tribal members, about half of whom live on the reservation. This water settlement also upholds agreements by the State that will strengthen irrigation for neighboring farmlands. We call that Montana’s Golden Triangle. It is where my great- great-grandmother homesteaded be-cause of its wheat production. I commend the Blackfeet Tribe and Chairman Harry Barnes, who have been diligent and patient in seeing this set-tlement forward. I commend our State for its commitment to the Blackfeet Tribe and Indian Country in Montana and my colleague Senator T
ESTER for working with me on this bill. I am proud to get this through the Senate and will continue to fight for its enact-ment. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. DAINES. ObamaCare—it is still a train wreck of broken promises. Presi-dent Obama promised that the cost of premiums would go down by $2,500 per family. But just yesterday, Montana’s insurance commissioner announced an average premium increase of 58 percent for Montana’s largest provider on the exchange. And not only have premiums not gone down, the coverage that peo-ple get from it is unaffordable and un-usable. With some deductibles at or above $9,000 per family, middle-class families are being priced out of the market, all the while paying for a policy they sim-ply can’t use. Now plans are also re-stricting provider networks and elimi-nating doctors from their plans, all in an attempt to remain solvent under ObamaCare’s requirements. In Montana, we like to fish. Some-times when the fishing line gets really tangled up, the only thing you can do is cut the line. It is time to cut the line with ObamaCare. It is time to clear this train wreck from the tracks and get our health care moving forward again. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
f 
HONORING TIM BRACKEEN Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, today I rise to honor the memory of Tim Brackeen, a K–9 police officer with the Shelby Police Department in North Carolina. Officer Brackeen was trag-ically killed after succumbing to gun-shot wounds he sustained in the line of duty just last week. On September 10, 2016, Officer Brackeen was doing what he did every day—going to work, trying to put his life in the way of others to keep them safe. He said good-bye to his wife and his family, and he went to work. Unfortunately, on that day, in the middle of the night, Officer Brackeen responded to a call to bring a wanted robbery suspect into custody. Officer Brackeen attempted to arrest the sus-pect. The suspect resisted and opened fire, critically wounding Officer Brackeen. The people of North Carolina and citizens from across the Nation prayed for Officer Brackeen and his family as he received treatment. Unfortunately, on Monday, we heard the tragic news that Officer Brackeen, only 38 years old, had passed away. When we lost Officer Brackeen, we lost more than a dedicated K–9 officer who had served the Shelby Police De-partment for 13 years. Above all else, we lost a devoted husband to his wife Mikel and a loving father to his 4-year- old daughter. He was well known as a loving family man and was deeply re-spected and admired for the dedication he had to the department and the com-munity which he served. Many had the chance to meet Officer Brackeen dur-ing a class or seminar he held with his K–9 partner called Ciko. He was hon-ored as Shelby police officer of the year in 2012. For anyone in this country who has ever had a trace of doubt over the true character and motivation of the vast majority of brave men and women in law enforcement, Officer Tim Brackeen was exactly the kind of officer who would instantly erase any of those doubts when you met him. As Officer Brackeen’s family, friends, and colleagues mourn this tragic loss, I hope they find comfort in knowing that his death was not in vain. The out-pouring of love that we have seen in his honor has been tremendous. On the night of Officer Brackeen’s death, hundreds of people came to-gether in Shelby to hold a vigil outside the police department. Attendees adorned his patrol car with flowers and candles. Shelby police officers all re-ceived a standing ovation, and the crowd came together to sing ‘‘Amazing Grace.’’ That symbolizes the profound impact that Tim Brackeen had on peo-ple’s lives and how grateful they are for his selfless service to the commu-nity of Shelby. May God bless Officer Tim Brackeen’s family and friends and give them strength in these difficult times. Let them know that the community of Shelby, the people of North Carolina, and Americans from across the Nation will continue to pray for them and stand with them during this difficult time. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. JOHN BRADEMAS Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I rise today to honor one of Indiana’s best, Dr. John Brademas, who passed away on July 11. John Brademas was an extraordinary public servant and a trailblazing lead-er. His achievements made a mark on Indiana and on our country that can still be felt today. John was born a Hoosier in 1927 in Mishawaka, IN, to a Greek immigrant who ran a restaurant and to an Indiana native who worked as a schoolteacher. John Brademas was a star quarterback, and he was the valedictorian at South Bend Central High School. After high school, he served in the U.S. Navy and in the naval officers’ training program at the University of Mississippi. He graduated from Harvard University, and he received a Rhodes Scholarship to Oxford University in England, where he earned his doc-torate. In 1958, Dr. Brademas was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives to the then-Third District of Indiana, where he served with incredible dis-tinction for 22 years, until 1981. In Con-gress he was always working, always pushing to make life better for Hoo-siers and for all Americans. His colleague, Representative Frank Thompson said: He never stops. He’s incredibly bright, works terribly hard, and is able to translate that brightness into very pragmatic legisla-tive ability. 
Dr. Brademas was a leading and ef-fective legislator on issues involving schools, colleges, and universities, services for the elderly and the dis-abled, and for libraries, museums, the arts, and humanities. It earned him the recognition as ‘‘Mr. Arts’’ and ‘‘Mr. Education.’’ He helped lead the suc-cessful charge to establish the National Endowment for the Arts and the Na-tional Endowment for the Humanities. He served as a member of the Com-mittee on Education and Labor, writ-ing Federal legislation on schools at every level. He was instrumental in passing land-mark legislation, including the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. This sought to increase oppor-tunities for economically disadvan-taged children and provided unprece-dented Federal support for education. Dr. Brademas was the author in 1975 of the Education for All Handicapped Children Act, which for the first time provided Federal support and guaran-teed nationwide educational opportuni-ties for students with mental and phys-ical disabilities. Additionally, Dr. Brademas was piv-otal in efforts to improve higher edu-cation and boost grants and aid for stu-dent loans. John is also remembered for his support to advance civil rights and social justice. During his last 4 years in Congress, Dr. Brademas served as House majority whip. Following his congressional serv-ice, Dr. Brademas served as the presi-dent of New York University, or NYU, one of the largest private institutions in the country, until 1992. During his tenure, he led NYU’s transformation from a local commuter school into a national and world-renowned research university. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.038 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5825 September 15, 2016 
After retiring from NYU, he contin-ued dedicating himself to causes im-portant to him, such as democracy, the arts, and education. To that end, he helped establish two centers at NYU. Dr. Brademas founded the John Brademas Center at NYU to teach stu-dents about Congress—to have them become more familiar with their gov-ernment—the legislative process, the policies around education and the arts, and foreign policy. The Brademas Center continues to educate some of the best and brightest students from around the world, and it educates them about democratic values and the need for an educated dialogue around the public policy challenges we are facing today and tomorrow. Dr. Brademas also launched and served as the first President of the King Juan Carlos I of Spain Center, which promotes research and scholar-ship on Spain and Latin America. Dr. Brademas was awarded honorary degrees by 52 colleges and universities during his life—an incredible testa-ment to his inspirational leadership and service to our country, which he loved so much. He also earned countless awards, served on many boards, and received numerous prestigious appointments. Among those, Dr. Brademas served as the chairman of President Bill Clin-ton’s Committee on the Arts and Hu-manities and on the board of the Fed-eral Reserve of New York. On a personal note, I was honored to call John Brademas my friend and my mentor. I got to know him after being elected to represent many of the same North Central Indiana communities that he served so well in Congress for so long. When I was elected to the House of Representatives, approxi-mately a decade ago, it was a privilege to serve in what many still call ‘‘the Brademas seat.’’ Over the years, John was a resource to me, set an example for me, and was an example to so many. He was unfailingly kind, helpful, thoughtful, and incredibly productive. John burned with a deep love for our country and with a desire to make the world a bet-ter place. The State of Indiana, the United States, and our world are so much better off because of Dr. John Brademas. God bless Mary Ellen and the Brademas family, God bless Indi-ana, and God bless America. Thank you, Dr. Brademas. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I would like to talk a little bit on the floor about an issue that is cascading across the country and is deeply troubling in the State of West Virginia, the region in which I live, and that is the opioid crisis we are seeing. Many of you have recently read about what has happened in the city of Huntington, WV. Huntington is a beau-tiful city. It sits right on the Ohio River at the corner of West Virginia, Kentucky, and Ohio. It is the home of the Thundering Herd of Marshall Uni-versity. However, 1 month ago today, on Monday, August 15, in just a 4-hour period, this small city of Huntington was the site of 28 overdoses. Respond-ing to this mass overdose occupied all of the ambulances in the city and more than a shift’s worth of the police offi-cers in Huntington. Of the 28 people affected, 26 were re-vived using naloxone, a lifesaving drug that helps reverse overdoses. However, the heroin they had used was likely laced with a substance so potent that the ordinary dose of naloxone was not enough. Responders had to use two and sometimes three doses of naloxone to bring people back to life and out of the overdose. Rashes of overdoses due to particu-larly strong batches of heroin have been happening more and more fre-quently. This is heroin that is likely laced with fentanyl or a new product we have heard about—a synthetic prod-uct—called carfentanil, which is a drug used to sedate elephants and other large animals that is 100 times as po-tent as fentanyl. Apparently, this is happening much too frequently. Versions of this chaotic scene are happening day after day in big cities and small towns in Kentucky, New Hampshire, Ohio, and Florida. The re-gion and area of my friend Senator PORTMAN , the State of Ohio and Cin-cinnati, probably 2 or 3 days after this occurred in Huntington had the same thing occur but much larger. What makes the recent spate of overdoses in Huntington so noteworthy is that Huntington is a city that knows it has a problem and is doing all the right things to fight it. Under the may-or’s guidance, they have really worked hard to put together a great consor-tium, which began in 2014, to fight this scourge on their town. The mayor started the office of drug control pol-icy. They have staffed the office with people who have intimate knowledge of the problem. They are not hiding their head in the sand. They are not saying it is some-thing else. They know what this prob-lem is, and they are trying to hit it face on. In staffing the office, they have a former police chief, a fire de-partment captain who is also a reg-istered nurse and works at the hos-pital, and a police department criminal intelligence analyst. They have created a strategic plan which focuses on three general principles: prevention, treat-ment, and law enforcement. The plan embraces harm reduction strategies, including weekly training for citizens on how to use naloxone. I actually went to a naloxone training seminar myself, just to see. If you are trained on it properly, it can make the difference. It can make the difference in preventing people from inflicting ir-reversible damage to themselves and others. Huntington has expanded their adult drug court and recently received a grant to launch the Women’s Empower-ment and Addiction Recovery Pro-gram—a specialized track within the drug court that will expand services to address the needs of drug-addicted prostitutes. Even in the face of the overdose, they are making progress. In fact, the cooperation among local agencies—and the sad reality that they are well-practiced and well-trained— can also be accredited with the 26 lives they have saved. While the overdose rate in Hun-tington has remained steadily high, the number of deaths from overdose has fallen, and that is an encouraging sign. Jim Johnson, who is the director of the Huntington Mayor’s Office of Drug Control Policy has said: What we are seeing around the country is overdose deaths going up—[especially] with the rise of fentanyl and . . . [other sub-stances]. It’s not good that our [Huntington] overdose rate is holding—but compared to others having real increases—it’s encour-aging. And we are happy the death rate is down. 
As I have heard from West Virginians and read in local and national news ac-counts about this rash of overdoses, I think: What have we done and what do we need to do to help cities all across this Nation? The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, marked a big first step forward. It reflects some of the best practices we have seen in places like Huntington. It includes re-forms to help law enforcement respond to this epidemic, such as the successful drug court programs that operate in West Virginia and in many other States. It expands the availability of naloxone and allows funds to be used for followup services for those who re-ceive another chance at life. When somebody comes into the emergency room in an overdose situation, is ad-ministered naloxone, and 1 or 2 hours later gets up and just walks out the door, we haven’t really followed through on our public health obliga-tion. In this bill, we have followup services so that person can be followed by a home visit or a home phone call to see what their situation might be. I proudly voted for CARA, as most of us did, and believe it is an excellent first step, but that is exactly what it is—a first step. Now we must take a fresh look at this epidemic—an epi-demic that, to me, is threatening to take an entire generation, this next generation of our best and brightest. We must look at ways to stop the drugs from getting to our commu-nities. One solution is the Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act, or STOP Act, which was recently introduced by Senators P
ORTMAN , A
YOTTE , and J OHNSON . The STOP Act, of which I recently became a cosponsor, is designed to stop dangerous synthetic drugs such as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.041 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5826 September 15, 2016 
fentanyl and carfentanil from being shipped through our borders and ad-dresses any gaps in our mail security. Earlier this year, I announced that the DEA had established a tactical di-version squad in Clarksburg, WV. It probably doesn’t sound like much but it will be a big help to enhancing our law enforcement efforts to stay one step ahead of this influx of drugs. Programs like the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Program, known as HIDTA, are critical in helping to co-ordinate initiatives that reduce drug use and abuse in communities. We must embrace and intensify prevention strategies in our schools, community centers, and our afterschool programs. Our youth cannot think that this epi-demic is acceptable or that it is the new normal. We must ensure that when someone decides they want treatment for their drug use, they have access to this treatment. There are no lists of people to admit into incarceration. There is no waiting list here. Yet there is a waiting list for our drug treatment and prevention centers. September is National Alcohol Ad-diction and Recovery Month, and today Senator M
URPHY of Connecticut and I are offering a resolution which honors the significant achievements of those citizens who are now in recovery. The resolution also recognizes the nation-wide need for increased access to treat-ment. This is an area where there is so much more work to do. We must have the detox beds available and the work-force trained and ready to assist those seeking treatment. We also want to make sure we have a range of treat-ment options available. This is defi-nitely not a one-size-fits-all problem. Each addict found their way to addic-tion in a different way, and each must figure their own path out, whether through inpatient rehab, peer-to-peer rehab, medication-assisted therapy, a 12-step program, or, most likely, a combination of these and other op-tions. It is also essential that we remember that recovery does not end when an ad-dict finishes treatment. Services need to be available to assist with their transition back into society. We must look at the collateral ef-fects substance abuse has on our com-munities, whether it is through in-creased violent crime, child neglect and abuse, or disease, especially hepa-titis and HIV, given the rise in heroin use. Are there immediate solutions for all of these problems? No, we have found there aren’t. But, like the city of Hun-tington, we must continue to come to terms with the extent of the problem in order to know what solutions do make sense, and, like Huntington, progress is going to be incremental and it will take time. We can begin to tack-le some of the problems through com-monsense changes and policies. One example is Jesse’s Law, a bill named after a West Virginian. She was a daughter, a sister, and an addict in recovery. Following surgery from a running injury, despite her best efforts and those of her family, Jesse was dis-charged from the hospital—she had told the hospital she had addiction issues—she was discharged from the hospital with a prescription for 50 oxycodone pills and fatally overdosed later that evening. By amending the privacy regulations for persons with substance abuse disorders, we can en-sure that those individuals receive the safe, effective, and coordinated care they need to prevent other tragedies like Jesse’s and her family’s from oc-curring. I recognize that these problems are also going to take additional funding. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, along with the Presiding Officer, I will work to ensure that these resources are going to programs that best meet a State’s needs, whether it is HIDTA, the DOD’s counterdrug program, or substance abuse grants. In the fiscal year 2017 Labor-HHS appro-priations bill, there is a $126 million in-crease for programs fighting opioid abuse. In bills passed by the com-mittee, funding to address heroin opioid abuse is more than double last year’s levels. However, I also know this problem cannot be solved by simply throwing money at it. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to develop additional policies to tackle these problems. We must consider all options. The outcomes are sad. I mean, I personally know families who have been affected by this. I think every-body does. If you are in a townhall meeting and you ask for a show of hands from those who have a story or know somebody from their church or their children’s friends, almost every hand in the meeting will go up. We need to work with State and local officials to learn what is working and what is not. I will also keep fighting for an addi-tional issue, a side issue that is just as important, which is veterans who rely on the VA programs to help with their opioid addiction, or that newborn who is born dependent on opioids, or the ad-dict who is willing to seek treatment, and any other person because prac-tically every person in this country is touched by this disease. I will keep fighting for cities like Huntington that even in their darkest hours continue to move forward and fight every day toward a brighter drug- free future. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is recognized. f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I will start today with some numbers. Unfor-tunately, some of these numbers are all too familiar to Americans concerned about the horror of gun violence. There are 3 numbers: 49, 280, and 99. Forty-nine, unfortunately, we know maybe more than the other two num-bers. That is the number of people killed in Orlando just a couple of months ago in the worst act of gun vio-lence we know of. So many Americans watched that horror and would have guessed that the Senate would have acted with a sense of purpose and ur-gency and even outrage to begin to take steps to reduce gun violence. Un-fortunately, that didn’t happen a cou-ple of months ago. There were 49 killed in Orlando. We can recite the other communities in the country over the last not just number of years but even the last several years, and 49 is the Or-lando number. I am not sure we hear enough about the other two numbers, which are the weekly death toll or the weekly toll of violence in cities and communities across the country. Two hundred and eighty is the number just in the last week who were shot across the country and 99 is the number killed. That is just 1 week. For purposes of my remarks, to set aside numbers for a moment and con-sider the human trauma, the human tragedy, the toll of that, it is almost incomprehensible, all of the families who have been destroyed by gun vio-lence. For many of us, it is a news event that we watch on television and read about. We are horrified. We pray for the victims. We wish for action to be taken to at least begin—just begin to reduce gun violence, but then we move on. Most of us move on if we are not directly affected, but those fami-lies don’t move on. Their lives are ei-ther destroyed forever or adversely im-pacted in some way forever, mothers and fathers and brothers and sisters and husbands and wives and friends. It is impossible to in any way describe the adverse impact this problem is hav-ing. There are some who would say there is not much we can do about it other than enforce the law, and that is their point of view. I don’t happen to agree with that. I think we need to take the same approach to this issue as we have taken to any issue the American people have faced over many generations. Most of the time we come together with concerted action and begin to tackle a problem. It might take a year, it might take 5 years, it might take 25 years, but, as Americans, in most cases we come together and begin to address the problem. Only in Washington does that not happen anywhere near often enough. There are a couple of commonsense steps we can take right now—meaning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.042 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5827 September 15, 2016 
next week or the week after or in the very near term—commonsense steps that have wide support across the country in both parties. One would be to finally say: Why not vote in accord-ance with not just a national consensus but actually a consensus here in the Senate on background checks? Why would we allow these gaping holes in our system to remain wide open so that almost anyone can get a gun? No mat-ter how dangerous, no matter how much a threat they are to society, they can get a gun because of these gaping holes in our background check system. No one disputes that there are these holes. No one disputes that they lead to unnecessary death and violence. But we haven’t been able to get enough Members in the Senate to come to-gether to support background checks. We should try to do that again. I don’t know why we don’t have more votes. Let’s keep voting until we get enough momentum. Second, this idea of terrorists whom we made a judgment about—that we ei-ther know they are terrorists or we suspect they are terrorists based upon all kinds of evidence—and we say: That category of people will not be able to get on an airplane. Guess what. When we did that after 9/11, that was our pol-icy or part of our larger policy against terrorism. We came together and said that those people can’t get on air-planes. Guess what. We haven’t had planes fly into buildings in the country since 9/11 because we came together, we made a decision, we acted on it, and we stopped at least that part of the prac-tices terrorists engage in. But when it comes to this issue of reducing—even beginning to reduce gun violence, we haven’t had the same consensus. So we have a circumstance now where suspected terrorists are deemed too dangerous to fly in a plane but not to own a weapon of war. So, virtually, under the policy that is in place now, because the Senate hasn’t acted, be-cause we haven’t had an act of Con-gress, there are folks who are either suspected terrorists or terrorists who can’t get on an airplane but can buy any gun they want or obtain any gun they want and there is no legal prohibi-tion. That makes no sense to anyone who is serious about this issue of pre-venting violence and reducing gun vio-lence. How about individuals who are con-victed of violent hate crimes that in-volve the use of force being allowed to get a gun? Why would we wait until that individual commits a felony with a use of force that in many cases in-volves the use of force with a firearm? Why would we wait for that violent person to go down that pathway, some-one who is convicted of a hate crime that involves domestic abuse or some other act of violence or the use of force? So I think a number of these strate-gies are commonsense steps we can take that would have zero impact on the right to bear arms. We are not talking about law-abiding citizens; we are talking about people who pose a demonstrated threat to people in our community and beyond. But so far that hasn’t happened. I hope we will sched-ule some votes. How can that be harm-ful, to keep voting on such an impor-tant issue until we move forward? So that is something we can work on be-fore we leave here. There is no rule that says we have to leave at the end of next week. We could work the week after that and the week after that and begin to make progress on a whole range of issues, including gun violence. Of course, I hope that will include finally getting to a conclu-sion on Zika funding to address this threat to pregnant women and their children. We should finally get that done, and maybe we can get that done with the spending bill next week. That would be great progress. But unless we act, we leave on the table this horror of gun violence where there has been vir-tually no progress for years—not just months but for years. 
f 
PENSIONS FOR MINE WORKERS Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to speak about an issue that is—to say it is unfinished business is an understate-ment. The fact that we are standing here in the fall of 2016 and the Congress of the United States hasn’t fulfilled its promise to coal miners is really an in-sult not only to coal miners who spent a lot of years in the mines in a lot of States, mine and other States, but it is also an insult to the country because their government—our government— made a promise to them more than a generation ago. Some people may remember the book ‘‘The Red Badge of Courage.’’ That was written by Stephen Crane, a great nov-elist who didn’t even make it to the age of 30. He died in his late twenties. Stephen Crane is known for being a great novelist and known for writing ‘‘The Red Badge of Courage,’’ but one of the most compelling accounts he ever wrote or anyone has ever written about the dangers and horrors of a par-ticular line of work was Stephen Crane’s essay, just before the turn of the last century, about a coal mine in my hometown of Scranton. The name of the article published in Collier’s magazine was ‘‘In the Depths of the Coal Mine.’’ I will not of course read all of it and recite major portions of it, but suffice it to say that Stephen Crane, a great novelist, went into a coal mine and reported what he saw there, not as a work of fiction but as a work of the harsh realities in nonfic-tion of what the miners were facing. In one part of the essay, he described the mine he was in when he descended all the way down. Of course, you only have to go down a very short distance before it is pitch black. You can’t even see your hand in front of your face. He described the mine as a place of ‘‘an in-scrutable darkness, a soundless place of tangible loneliness. . . . ’’ Then he went on from there describ-ing what he saw, describing young chil-dren working in the mines, children the ages of 10, 11, 12, and into their teens, working in the mines; describing the process of how the coal got out of the mines, mules pulling these carts full of coal. He described what my fra-ternal grandfather saw when he was there as a young boy at the age of 11, who entered a mine not too far away from this particular mine, just as Ste-phen Crane was writing. Stephen Crane concluded the essay by talking not only about all of the horrors of the mine but how miners could die in that mine. He described it at one point in summation as the 100 perils or the 100 dangers that those coal miners faced. Why do I raise that today? I realize coal mining in the present day or even 10 or 15 or 20 years ago, maybe even 30 years ago, was not nearly as dangerous as it was in the 1890s or the early part of the 1900s, but it is still very dan-gerous work today and has been for all these years. We have seen too many places where miners have been trapped and rescued or trapped and never res-cued, killed, in places like Pennsyl-vania, West Virginia, Kentucky, and other places over more than a genera-tion—in fact, many generations. Those miners worked there for, in many cases, more than 10 years or 20 years. Some of them also served our country in World War II, Korea, Vietnam, or be-yond. They were promised by their govern-ment that they would have a pension. A number of us, in a bipartisan fashion, came together to support the Miners Protection Act, which would make sure that at a minimum the now 12,951 min-ers in Pennsylvania would get that pension they were promised and a smaller number—but a big number, in the thousands, in Pennsylvania—would also get the health care they have a right to expect. This was a promise by the Federal Government. It wasn’t a ‘‘we will try to’’ or ‘‘we hope to do it’’ or ‘‘we will make every effort to do it,’’ it was a hard-and-fast, irrefutable promise, and it is time the Federal Government has delivered on that promise to those miners and their fam-ilies. They went into the darkness and the danger of a coal mine in the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, and beyond. Some of them were younger than that. Some of them still do it and still engage in that work. They should have a right to ex-pect that just as they kept their prom-ise to their families that they would go to work every day and work hard and bring home a paycheck, just as they made a promise to their employer that they would go into that mine every day and do impossibly difficult work year after year and sometimes decade after decade—and they fulfilled that promise to their employer and to their families. Some of them made a promise to their country that not only would they work hard, but they would serve their coun-try in war and combat. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5828 September 15, 2016 
The question is, Will we keep our promise to them? Their promise was much tougher than our promise. All we have to do here to keep the promise is vote the right way, vote in the U.S. Senate to make sure miners get their pensions and health care and vote in the House in the same way. That is not hard to do—to walk into the well of the U.S. Senate or somewhere in this Chamber and put your hand up. That is pretty easy to fulfill the promise we made to them. This isn’t a lot of money for these miners. In addition to Social Se-curity, sometimes it is about 530 bucks a month for all of that work they did. So it is not hard to fulfill this promise that our country and our government made to them. These are people who are not in the newspaper every day, they are not on television. They may not have a lot of power. They may not be connected to people who are powerful or people who are wealthy. They are just hard-work-ing people who did their job and de-serve to have that promise fulfilled. I believe this is a matter of basic jus-tice. It is basic justice whether we are going to fulfill that promise. Saint Au-gustine said a long time ago, hundreds of years ago: ‘‘Without justice, what are kingdoms but great bands of rob-bers.’’ If you apply that to today’s termi-nology, a kingdom in some sense is like our government—a governing body for a nation. Without justice, what is a government but a great band of rob-bers. We owe people that basic justice, that promise. So let’s fulfill our promise as Demo-crats, Republicans, and Independents in the U.S. Senate. Let’s not allow in-action or other circumstances, polit-ical or otherwise, to prevent us from doing the right thing. Let’s not rob these miners and their families of what they deserve, what they earned. We are not giving them anything. We are just voting the right way so they have a promise fulfilled. I would hope that before everyone goes home to do whatever folks will do—travel to their States or campaign or whatever they are going to do—I would hope, at a minimum, we would take action on a number of things we talked about today but in particular that we make sure families don’t have to worry about the horror and threat of Zika, something we can prevent the spread of if we take action; that fami-lies will not be threatened by it in Florida or Puerto Rico or anywhere be-cause beyond that, we don’t get to the solution, the action. Of course, we hope we can go home and say we at least said to miners and their families: We have fulfilled the promise the govern-ment made to you generations ago. That is the least this body and the other body should do before we leave Washington. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TIM MITCHELL Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I didn’t want to leave today without joining the chorus of commendations for Tim Mitchell. I think technically tomorrow is his 25th anniversary, if I have that right, and I heard some of the com-ments this morning, but I didn’t get to the microphone earlier to say any-thing, and I should have. I will be brief. I just want to thank Tim for his re-markable service to the Senate these 25 years, and I know he has more work to do, but it is an important anniversary to highlight. Some people mentioned his great baseball knowledge, where I am often deficient, despite having two great teams in Pennsylvania, the Pirates and Phillies, but Tim knows just about as much as anyone. In addition to his knowledge of baseball and his great work in the Senate, which often in the Senate goes unrecognized or unheralded, Tim is someone who brings to the job great character, integrity, and a kind of decency that sometimes we all don’t exercise every day of the week. Sometimes he is getting seven questions from nine different people and he handles every one. Sometimes you ask him the impossible question which he tries to answer, but he prob-ably shouldn’t, which is: When will we finish this week, which is always an open question with an uncertain an-swer. I have at least kept my faith with him by saying: Tim, I won’t quote you, but tell me when we might wrap up this week. He is a great example of public serv-ice in the Senate and a great example of what we all hope to be when we work in a government institution or in a Chamber like the U.S. Senate. I am so grateful to Tim for his ongoing com-mitment to public service. I wish him 25 more years on top of the 25 years that preceded this anniversary. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania. Several of us came to the floor ear-lier today to pay tribute to Tim Mitch-ell in his service to the Senate, which is certainly deserved on this occasion of his 25th anniversary of beginning work here. (The remarks of Mr. D
URBIN per-taining to the introduction of S. 3347 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I rise today to address the recently released new report of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights entitled ‘‘Peaceful Coex-istence: Reconciling Nondiscrimination Principles with Civil Liberties.’’ The Commission on Civil Rights has a glorious and profound history in our Nation. Founded in 1957, the Commis-sion initially had the grand cause of ending the horror and the tragedy of Jim Crow laws in our Nation. Sadly, however, the Commission’s focus has recently strayed, and its new report poses profound threats to the historic American understanding of our First Amendment. In the Commission’s just released report, the majority re-veals a disturbingly low view of our first freedoms. It actually puts the term ‘‘religious liberty’’ in scare quotes, and it says that religious lib-erty must now be subservient to other values. Here is a snapshot of the majority’s position from this new report, in their own words: 
Progress toward social justice depends upon the enactment of, and vigorous enforce-ment of, status-based nondiscrimination laws. Limited claims for religious liberty are allowed only when religious liberty comes into direct conflict with nondiscrimination precepts. The central finding which the Com-mission made in this regard is: Religious exemptions to the protections of civil rights based upon classifications such as race, color, national origin, sex, disability status, sexual orientation, and gender iden-tity, when they are permissible, significantly infringe upon these civil rights. 
Additionally, the Commission’s Chair, Martin Castro noted: 
The phrases ‘‘religious liberty’’ and ‘‘reli-gious freedom’’ will stand for nothing except hypocrisy so long as they remain code words for discrimination, intolerance, racism, sexism, homophobia, Islamophobia, Chris-tian supremacy or any form of intolerance. 
But are the phrases ‘‘religious lib-erty’’ and ‘‘religious freedom’’ simply hypocritical code words? Are they shields for phobias, intolerances, and power struggles? Of course, they are not. Religious liberty is far more beau-tiful, far more profound, and far more human than that. Our national iden-tity is actually based on this very premise. The American founding was unbeliev-ably bold. Our Founders were making the somewhat arrogant claim, almost, that almost everyone in the history of the world had actually been wrong about the nature of government and about the nature of human rights. Our country’s Founders believed that God created people with dignity and that we have our rights via nature. Government is our shared project to se-cure those rights. Government does not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.045 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5829 September 15, 2016 
come first. Government is not the au-thor or the source of our rights, and this conviction matters for today’s conversations. In fact, this conviction is our Constitution. No King, no Congress, no Senate, no Commission gives our people their rights, for government is not the au-thor or source of rights. Government is a tool to secure our rights. We have rights because we are peo-ple, created with dignity. Government is that shared project to secure those rights that we have because we are peo-ple created with dignity. So we the people are the ones who actually give the government limited authorities. It is not the government that is conde-scending to grant us some rights. Gail Heriot, who is a member of the Commission, offered a compelling statement and a healthy rebuttal to the majority’s very low view of reli-gious freedom. Thankfully, Ms. Heriot indicated her opposition to the run-away chairman’s bizarre dismissal of religious freedom. She considered ask-ing him to withdraw it, but then she decided against it, and here is her rea-son why. She decided: 
It might be better for Christians, people of faith generally, and advocates of limited government to know and understand where they stand with him— 
Where they stand with this chair-man. Ms. Heriot notes—and I am going to quote her here at length: 
The conflicts that can arise between reli-gious conscience and the secular law are many and varied. Some of the nation’s best legal minds have written on how the federal and state governments should resolve those conflicts. But no one has ever come up with a systematic framework for doing so—at least not one that all Americans agree on— and perhaps no one ever will. Instead, we have been left to resolve these issues that arise on a more case-by-case basis. 
While she does not aim to create that framework in her remarks, she con-tinues by saying: 
The bigger and more complex government becomes, the more conflicts between reli-gious conscience and the duty to comply with law we can expect. Back when the Federal Government didn’t heavily subsidize both public and private higher education, when it didn’t heavily reg-ulate employment relationships, when it didn’t have the leading role in financing and delivering healthcare, we didn’t need to worry nearly so much about the ways in which conflicts with religious conscience and the law arise. Nobody thought about whether the Sisters of Charity should be given a reli-gious exemption from the ObamaCare con-traceptive mandate, because there was no Obamacare contraceptive mandate. The Roman Catholic Church didn’t need the so- called Ministerial Exemption to Title VII in order to limit ordinations to men (and to Roman Catholics), because there was no Title VII. 
What she is talking about here is about the ways that expanding govern-ment tends to crowd out civil society and mediating institutions. She is talking about the ways that power drives out persuasion. She is talking about the ways that law crowds out neighborliness. She continues: The second [ . . . ] comment I will make is this: While the targeted religious accom-modations approach may sometimes be a good idea, it is not always the best strategy for people of faith. Targeted religious accom-modations make it possible for ever-expand-ing government bureaucracies to divide and to conquer. They remove the faith-based ob-jections to their expansive ambitions, thus allowing them to ignore objections that are not based on faith. The bureaucratic jug-gernaut rolls on. People of faith should not allow themselves to become just another special interest group that needs to be ap-peased before the next government expansion is allowed to proceed. 
Here, she is talking people of faith. 
They have an interest in ensuring the health of the many institutions of our civil society that act as counterweights to the state—including not just the Church itself, but also the family, the free press, small business and others. They have an interest in ordered liberty in all its manifestations. A nation in which religious liberty is the only protected freedom is a nation that soon will be without religious liberty as well. 
Are people of faith simply another special interest group that should be appeased? I suggest—along with Ms. Heriot and, frankly, far more impor-tantly, with all of the Founders of this Nation—they are not. People of faith and people of no faith at all, people of conscience, are simply exercising their humanity, and they do not need the government’s permission to do so. The Commission’s report is titled ‘‘Peaceful Coexistence.’’ Who wants to disagree with a title like that? But this profession of peaceful coexistence must never quietly euthanize religious lib-erty just because Washington lawyers and bureaucrats find it convenient and orderly to do so. It must never be used to chip away at our most fundamental freedom, for the First Amendment is a cluster of freedoms: freedom of reli-gion, the press, assembly, and speech. They all must go together. It must never undermine the essence of what it means to be human. It must never erode the American creed, which should be uniting us. We can and we should disagree peaceably. We should argue and debate and seek to persuade. We should jealously together be seek-ing to defend every right of conscience and self-expression. In closing, I ask my colleagues from both parties—for this should not be a partisan issue, as the First Amendment is not the domain of any political party—to consider the dangerous im-plications of this new report. To my progressive friends, I invite you to become liberals again in your understanding of religious liberty and its merits. To my conservative friends, let’s cheerfully celebrate all Americans’ freedoms. Let’s work to kindly dis-mantle the pernicious myth that some-how your freedoms are merely a cover for fear or hate or some other phobia. These freedoms are too important to relinquish. They are the essence of what we share together as Americans. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
NORTH KOREA Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the threat from North Korea. Pyongyang has just conducted its fifth nuclear test, which is the regime’s fourth test since 2009. This is also the regime’s second test this year, and this is the largest weapon they have ever tested, with an estimated explosive yield of 10 kilotons of TNT. The rapid advancement of North Ko-rea’s nuclear and ballistic missile pro-gram represents a grave threat to glob-al peace and stability and a direct threat to the U.S. homeland in our im-mediate future. This past week, since the detonation of this fifth nuclear test, I have had the opportunity to visit with General Rob-inson, our combatant commander of NORTHCOM, to visit with Ambassador Ahn of North Korea, to speak with Am-bassador Sasae of Japan, to visit with Ambassador Fried of the State Depart-ment, to talk to representatives at the Treasury Department—all about what is happening in North Korea and our response to the provocative actions, the dangerous actions of this regime as they continue to attempt to obtain nu-clear status. All of them are very wor-ried about what is happening. In my conversations, it was clear that we can expect and anticipate even more tests coming up, whether that is the launch of rockets against inter-national sanctions, U.S. sanctions, the international community, United Na-tions security resolutions, or whether that is indeed further attempts to test or actual tests of nuclear weapons. They all recognize this will continue. They recognize the dangerous position our allies and our homeland are in. This morning, there was testimony from the U.S. State Department—Tom Countryman, Assistant Secretary— talking about the fact that these ac-tivities continue in North Korea with the assistance of outside actors, that North Korea receives material for its nuclear program from illegal oper-ations in China, operations out of Rus-sia. So in response to this test and the dangerous actions of North Korea and the conversations I have held across all levels of government this past week, I am asking the administration to ur-gently take the following actions: No. 1. Take immediate steps to ex-pand U.S. sanctions against North Korea and those entities that assist the regime—most importantly, China- based entities. We know there are enti-ties within China that are assisting the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.067 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5830 September 15, 2016 
North Korean regime, violating U.S. sanctions, and violating United Na-tions Security Council resolutions. The administration must take immediate steps to expand these sanctions against them and anyone who is violating the regime of sanctions. No. 2. We must negotiate a new United Nations Security Council reso-lution that closes loopholes that have allowed China to skip full-faith en-forcement. I will talk more about that in a little bit, but the fact is that China is finding exemptions in existing resolutions to skip full-faith enforce-ment. Why is that important? Because we know that about 90 percent of North Korea’s economy—their hard cur-rency—comes from these types of oper-ations and business with China. No. 3. We must expedite the deploy-ment of the terminal high altitude area defense—THAAD—system in South Korea. We must expedite the THAAD system to make sure South Korea has the ability to protect itself from these aggressive actions taken by the North Korean regime. No. 4. Take all feasible steps to fa-cilitate a stronger trilateral alliance between the United States, Japan, and South Korea to more effectively counter the North Korean threat. A strong trilateral alliance between Japan, the United States, and South Korea can be used to help China make sure they are enforcing the regula-tions, standing up to full-faith execu-tion of the sanctions, and make sure we are pushing peaceful denuclearization of the North Korean regime. It is unfortunate—this aggression in North Korea isn’t new. The aggression we see from North Korea today pre-dates the current administration and goes back multiple administrations. Time and time again since I came to the Senate, I have stood before this great body and I have argued that this administration’s policy of so-called strategic patience—which was crafted under then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton—was failing to stop the forgot-ten maniac in Pyongyang. The re-gime’s nuclear stockpile is growing fast. Nuclear experts have reported that North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads and has the poten-tial to possess as many as 100 warheads within the next 5 years. The adminis-tration has admitted that the policy of strategic patience has failed. It is evi-dent in the fact that they have 100 nu-clear warheads coming online in the next several years. But we have gone from a strategy of strategic patience to no strategy at all when it comes to dealing with the North Korean regime. The regime’s ballistic missile capa-bility is rapidly advancing. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has stated in his testimony to Congress that ‘‘North Korea has also expanded the size and sophistication of its bal-listic missile force—from close-range ballistic missiles to intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs)—and con-tinues to conduct test launches.’’ Director Clapper also stated that ‘‘Pyongyang is also committed to de-veloping a long-range, nuclear-armed missile that is capable of posing a di-rect threat to the United States.’’ Assistant Secretary Tom Country-man testified before the Senate For-eign Relations Committee that the ac-tivities involved for the construction of this nuclear warhead in North Korea have been indigenized, meaning that it is coming from the industry within North Korea. They are not relying on Pakistan or others to provide it for them; they have the engineering know- how and they have the capabilities to build it on their own, within the coun-try, without turning outside for help. He also said that some material, yes, is coming from China and Russia. And that is exactly what we must stop. We should never forget that the Kim Jong-un regime has been one of the world’s foremost abusers of human rights. The North Korean regime main-tains a vast network of political prison camps where as many as 200,000 men, women, and children are confined to atrocious living conditions, where they are tortured, maimed, and killed. This isn’t just report language; I have spo-ken to defectors from North Korea who talk of these political concentration camps where this torture is occurring. On February 7, 2014, the United Nations Human Rights Commission of Inquiry released a groundbreaking report de-tailing North Korea’s horrendous record on human rights. The Commis-sion found that North Korea’s actions constituted a ‘‘crime against human-ity.’’ We also know that Pyongyang is quickly developing its cyber capabili-ties as another dangerous tool of in-timidation, an asymmetric tool, dem-onstrated by its attack on Sony Pic-tures, the hacking incident that oc-curred in November of 2014, and the re-peated attack on the South Korean fi-nancial and communication systems. According to a recent report by the Center for Strategic and International Studies, ‘‘North Korea is emerging as a significant actor in cyberspace with both its military and clandestine orga-nizations gaining the ability to con-duct cyber operations.’’ They are try-ing and striving to achieve an asym-metric capability so that they can at-tack South Korea, our allies, such as Japan, and, indeed, the United States. So given this record of aggression from North Korea and fecklessness from this administration—the fact that we went from a failed policy, a strat-egy of strategic patience to no strat-egy—the Congress came together this year to pass the North Korean Sanc-tion and Policy Enhancement Act, leg-islation I coauthored here in the Sen-ate with my colleague Senator B
OB M
ENENDEZ . This legislation, which President Obama signed into law on February 18, 2016, was a momentous achievement, and for the first time ever, our Congress imposed mandatory sanctions on North Korea. Unfortu-nately, the administration’s implemen-tation of this legislation has been lack-ing and certainly disappointing. While they have taken some positive steps, such as designating North Korea as a jurisdiction of ‘‘primary money laun-dering concern’’ and also designating top North Korean officials, including Kim Jong-un, as human rights viola-tors, these actions only scratch the surface of the sanctions authorities provided to the President under the new law. We know the source of the majority of North Korea’s export earnings is the People’s Republic of China. Nearly 90 percent of North Korea’s trade is with China. Yet, to date, no Chinese entities that are responsible for this 90 percent have been designated for sanctions vio-lations under the new legislation. So while we are trying to keep this regime from continuing to grow a nuclear pro-file, the entities that are giving them the money and the resources to do it outside of the country haven’t faced the sanctions this body authorized ear-lier this year. The Wall Street Journal wrote in an editorial on August 18, 2016: The promise of secondary sanctions is that they can force foreign banks, trading compa-nies and ports to choose between doing busi-ness with North Korea and doing business in dollars, which usually is an easy call. . . . But this only works if the U.S. exercises its power and blacklists offending institutions, as Congress required in February’s North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act. The Obama administration hasn’t done so even once. 
As the Wall Street Journal further noted, for instance, the administration has not acted on information from the United Nations Panel of Experts Re-port that the Bank of China ‘‘allegedly helped a North Korea-linked client get $40 million in deceptive wire transfers through U.S. banks.’’ Moreover, there is ample evidence of increased North Korean efforts to evade sanctions with help from Chi-nese-based entities. According to a New York Times report on September 9, 2016, ‘‘To evade sanctions, the North’s state-run trading companies opened of-fices in China, hired more capable Chi-nese middlemen, and paid higher fees to employ more sophisticated bro-kers.’’ This isn’t a regime that is facing the full wrath of the sanctions of the United States; this is a regime that has figured out how to use its neighboring countries to cheat to evade sanctions. We need those neighboring nations, which I know also agree in the denuclearization of North Korea, to step up, to stand up and agree to stop the provocations of North Korea by en-suring that we can shut down the money flow, ensuring that we can shut down the supplies, the materials they are using in this nuclear production, make sure they stop providing trade opportunities for hard currency going to North Korea that is feeding a nu-clear program, not feeding the people of North Korea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.069 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5831 September 15, 2016 
This behavior can’t be tolerated, and the administration now has the tools to punish these actions. It is unaccept-able that it has not done so already, despite the will of this body. Passage of our legislation 96 to 0—every Repub-lican and Democrat supported our ef-forts to impose sanctions on this re-gime. These latest developments in North Korea show that we are now reaping the rewards for our weak poli-cies. The simple fact is that this ad-ministration’s strategic patience has been a strategic failure, both with North Korea and with China, and has resulted in no strategy. As Secretary Ash Carter stated im-mediately following the latest nuclear test, China shares an important re-sponsibility for this development and has an important responsibility to re-verse it. It is important that it use its location, its history, and its influence to further the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and not the direction that things have been going. We must now send a strong message to Beijing that our patience has run out and exert any and all effort with Beijing to use its critical leverage to stop the mad-man in Pyongyang. We must not tol-erate this behavior. The four things that I pointed out at the beginning of this talk are impor-tant to secure. Tomorrow I will be sending a letter to the President. Over a dozen Members of this body have signed and agreed to participate in this letter, asking a series of questions about our strategy toward North Korea, about the compliance of China and whether they are living up to the full faith of the United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 2270. Are they skirting the resolution? We are encouraging the closure of the live-lihood exemption in the Security Coun-cil resolution. It talks about Air Koryo and its ability to skirt the sanctions to help secure luxury goods that are banned by the sanctions. I hope that other colleagues will stand with me as we make sure that we are doing everything we can to stop the actions of a regime that is bent on the destruction of its neighbor South Korea—our great ally. It is bent on the destruction of our allies around the re-gion and certainly intent on finding the capability, the technology to de-liver one of those warheads to the U.S. homeland. This is an important issue for this generation. It is important that this generation act and solve it before the next generation bears the con-sequences. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
f 
ADDRESSING CRITICAL MATTERS FACING OUR NATION Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I join many of my colleagues who have come to the floor to implore the lead-ership and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work with us to ad-dress critical matters facing our Na-tion. From failing to provide the nec-essary funding to combat the Zika virus and our Nation’s opioid epidemic to failing to even consider a candidate for the Highest Court in the land, or legislation to curb gun violence and ad-dress college costs and the student debt crisis—we must act on all of these measures, and we must do it promptly. We are entrusted by the American people to find solutions for difficult, hard-to-fix problems, not to ignore them at almost every turn. I have heard from people of all persuasions, reaching out, urging Congress to take action. So I come here today to remind my colleagues across the aisle, and my colleagues within my caucus, that we all must do our job. That message has come through loud and clear from the American public, and we have to put those words into action. For more than 8 months, we have seen, for example, the harmful effects of the Zika virus. We have seen its heartbreaking impact on newborns, women, and families and deepened our understanding of the suffering this virus causes. Pregnancies have been lost. We have seen children born with permanent birth defects that could have been avoided. And recently, the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention has said that the disease can enter people’s eyes, causing serious vi-sion impairment. It has been over 6 months since the President requested $1.9 billion in emergency funding to fight the Zika virus. It has been 4 months since the Senate passed a compromise measure to provide $1.1 billion for a comprehen-sive response to Zika and to speed up development of a vaccine by a strong bipartisan vote of 68 to 29. Instead of the other body passing this measure, the majority in both bodies agreed upon a bill that uses this public health crisis as an opportunity to at-tack the Environmental Protection Agency and make cuts to the Afford-able Care Act, veterans’ health care, and other provisions. This approach seeks to drain funds from critical health needs, which have not abated, as a way to pay for the Zika emergency. Indeed, it is an emergency that re-quires an emergency response. In light of this failure, the adminis-tration shifted all the funds it could to the Zika efforts. As the head of the Centers for Disease Control has noted, these funds are now running out. It is urgent that we pass a measure like the one we already did that gives the pub-lic health community the resources it needs to prevent further infections, treat those who have been affected, and develop vaccines to limit future out-breaks. Unfortunately, Congress has taken a similar approach of delay to the opioid epidemic, severely underfunding efforts to combat this crisis. Like many Amer-icans, I have seen the devastating im-pact the opioid crisis continues to have on our Nation. Indeed, since 2010, we have lost more than 1,000 Rhode Island-ers to accidental drug overdoses, in-cluding more than 230 overdose deaths in 2014—an increase of 73 percent since 2009. Nationally, drug overdoses have exceeded car crashes as the number one injury-related death. Two Americans die of drug overdoses every hour. Action is urgently called for, and I commend my colleague from Rhode Is-land, Senator WHITEHOUSE , who spear-headed passage in this body of the bi-partisan Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA. However, CARA provides authority only for a re-sponse plan to address this complex challenge; it does not adequately fund this effort. For this law to work, we need real dollars to deliver lifesaving prevention and treatment services. It is critical that we provide robust re-sources to confront this epidemic and ensure that people have access to the treatment they need. Unfortunately, that has not happened. We cannot fight the opioid crisis with words. We need dollars, as well as words. Those across the aisle have also fall-en short on their responsibility by re-fusing to hold so much as a hearing on President Obama’s nomination of Chief Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court. This body has a constitutional obligation to advise and consent on the President’s nominees. When we fail in that obligation, we undermine the sta-bility of our system of justice and en-danger Separation of Powers. Since the stunning announcement by the majority leadership that no hear-ing would be held on a replacement, the Supreme Court has deadlocked on five major questions of law. These are legal issues that directly impact mil-lions of Americans in terms of labor force protections, business interests, and civil rights. These issues are more important than political gamesman-ship, and they need resolution now. If this obstructionism continues, American families and businesses will face growing legal uncertainty as dis-puted Federal laws apply differently across States. This damage to our legal system is unprecedented and could take years to undo. I urge my col-leagues to do their job and allow a vote on Chief Judge Garland’s nomination. The majority has also thwarted ef-forts to address the continuing epi-demic of gun violence in our country. This year, nearly as many Americans will lose their lives to guns as will be killed in automobile accidents. Sadly, the number of gun deaths continues to grow, fueled by easy access to lethal firearms. This body could take action to limit the devastation to families in our com-munities brought about by military- grade firearms that are too easily accessed. It is my hope that through an honest, open dialogue, we can bridge the divide and pass legislation—such as closing the terror gap—in order to keep our families and communities safe from the threat of gun violence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.070 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5832 September 15, 2016 
Another area that I want to empha-size is college affordability, where in-action has exacerbated a crisis in which sending a child to college can often put families hopelessly in the red. We all understand that education is the engine that pulls this economy for-ward, fulfills individual aspirations, and makes America what it is. The United States invented modern public education and led the world in access to higher education for generations. It is a great irony that we are falling be-hind. Rising college costs and student loan debt are putting America at risk. And too many institutions lack account-ability, putting profit before providing a quality education to students. We need to revamp our system for financ-ing college, and we need to help fami-lies currently struggling under the weight of student loan debt. Many of my colleagues, and I have joined them, have put forth common-sense proposals to allow families to re-finance student loans at today’s low rates; to ensure that all Americans have access to tuition-free community college; to strengthen the Pell grant and reduce the reliance on student loans; and to ensure that States and in-stitutions live up to their shared re-sponsibilities in providing high quality and affordable higher education. These solutions are badly needed, and the ma-jority needs to work with us to do our job and not leave students and families behind. It is a great honor to serve the people of Rhode Island, and I know all of my colleagues in the Senate feel the same way about their respective States. Con-gress has always faced an array of com-plex and varied challenges. We must come together and find sincere solu-tions to improve our country. I say to my colleagues: It is long past time to get to work, to do your job, and to act on these pressing problems. They cannot wait any longer. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GLOBAL ANTI-POACHING ACT Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 459, H.R. 2494. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2494) to support global anti- poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—PURPOSES AND POLICY Sec. 101. Purposes. Sec. 102. Statement of United States policy. TITLE II—REPORT ON MAJOR WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING COUNTRIES Sec. 201. Report. TITLE III—FRAMEWORK FOR INTERAGENCY RESPONSE Sec. 301. Presidential Task Force on Wildlife Trafficking. TITLE IV—PROGRAMS TO ADDRESS THE ESCALATING WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING CRISIS Sec. 401. Anti-poaching programs. Sec. 402. Anti-trafficking programs. Sec. 403. Engagement of United States diplo-matic missions. Sec. 404. Community conservation. TITLE V—TRANSITION OF OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY FUNDING TO BASE FUNDING Sec. 501. Sense of congress on funding. TITLE VI—OTHER ACTIONS RELATING TO WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS Sec. 601. Amendments to Fisherman’s Protective Act of 1967. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) C
O-CHAIRS OF THE TASK FORCE .—The term ‘‘Co-Chairs of the Task Force’’ means the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Attorney General, as established pursu-ant to Executive Order 13648. (3) C
OMMUNITY CONSERVATION .—The term ‘‘community conservation’’ means an approach to conservation that recognizes the rights of local people to sustainably manage, or benefit directly and indirectly from wildlife and other natural resources and includes— (A) devolving management and governance to local communities to create positive conditions for sustainable resource use; and (B) building the capacity of communities for conservation and natural resource management. (4) C
OUNTRY OF CONCERN .—The term ‘‘country of concern’’ refers to a foreign country specially designated by the Secretary of State pursuant to subsection (b) of section 201 as a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, a major transit point of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, or a major con-sumer of wildlife trafficking products, in which the government has actively engaged in or knowingly profited from the trafficking of en-dangered or threatened species. (5) F
OCUS COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘focus coun-try’’ refers to a foreign country determined by the Secretary of State to be a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, a major transit point of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, or a major con-sumer of wildlife trafficking products. (6) DEFENSE ARTICLE ; DEFENSE SERVICE ; SIG-
NIFICANT MILITARY EQUIPMENT ; TRAINING .—The terms ‘‘defense article’’, ‘‘defense service’’, ‘‘sig-nificant military equipment’’, and ‘‘training’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). (7) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—The term ‘‘Imple-mentation Plan’’ means the Implementation Plan for the National Strategy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking released on February 11, 2015, a modification of that plan, or a successor plan. (8) N
ATIONAL STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘National Strategy’’ means the National Strategy for Com-bating Wildlife Trafficking published on Feb-ruary 11, 2014, a modification of that strategy, or a successor strategy. (9) N
ATIONAL WILDLIFE SERVICES .—The term ‘‘national wildlife services’’ refers to the min-istries and government bodies designated to manage matters pertaining to wildlife manage-ment, including poaching or trafficking, in a focus country. (10) S
ECURITY FORCE .—The term ‘‘security force’’ means a military, law enforcement, gen-darmerie, park ranger, or any other security force with a responsibility for protecting wildlife and natural habitats. (11) T
ASK FORCE .—The term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Presidential Task Force on Wildlife Trafficking, as established by Executive Order 13648 (78 Fed. Reg. 40621) and modified by sec-tion 201. (12) W
ILDLIFE TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘wild-life trafficking’’ refers to the poaching or other illegal taking of protected or managed species and the illegal trade in wildlife and their related parts and products. TITLE I—PURPOSES AND POLICY 
SEC. 101. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are— (1) to support a collaborative, interagency ap-proach to address wildlife trafficking; (2) to protect and conserve the remaining pop-ulations of wild elephants, rhinoceroses, and other species threatened by poaching and the il-legal wildlife trade; (3) to disrupt regional and global transnational organized criminal networks and to prevent the illegal wildlife trade from being used as a source of financing for criminal groups that undermine United States and global security interests; (4) to prevent wildlife poaching and traf-ficking from being a means to make a living in focus countries; (5) to support the efforts of, and collaborate with, individuals, communities, local organiza-tions, and foreign governments to combat poach-ing and wildlife trafficking; (6) to assist focus countries in implementation of national wildlife anti-trafficking and poach-ing laws; and (7) to ensure that United States assistance to prevent and suppress illicit wildlife trafficking is carefully planned and coordinated, and that it is systematically and rationally prioritized on the basis of detailed analysis of the nature and severity of threats to wildlife and the willing-ness and ability of foreign partners to cooperate effectively toward these ends. 
SEC. 102. STATEMENT OF UNITED STATES POL-ICY. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to take immediate actions to stop the ille-gal global trade in wildlife and wildlife products and associated transnational organized crime; (2) to provide technical and other forms of as-sistance to help focus countries halt the poach-ing of elephants, rhinoceroses, and other imper-iled species and end the illegal trade in wildlife and wildlife products, including by providing training and assistance in— (A) wildlife protection and management of wildlife populations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.072 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5833 September 15, 2016 
(B) anti-poaching and effective management of protected areas including community man-aged and privately-owned lands; (C) local engagement of security forces in anti-poaching responsibilities, where appro-priate; (D) wildlife trafficking investigative tech-niques, including forensic tools; (E) transparency and corruption issues; (F) management, tracking, and inventory of confiscated wildlife contraband; (G) demand reduction strategies in countries that lack the means and resources to conduct them; and (H) bilateral and multilateral agreements and cooperation; (3) to employ appropriate assets and resources of the United States Government in a coordi-nated manner to curtail poaching and disrupt and dismantle illegal wildlife trade networks and the financing of those networks in a man-ner appropriate for each focus country; (4) to build upon the National Strategy and Implementation Plan to further combat wildlife trafficking in a holistic manner and guide the response of the United States Government to en-sure progress in the fight against wildlife traf-ficking; and (5) to recognize the ties of wildlife trafficking to broader forms of transnational organized criminal activities, including trafficking, and where applicable, to focus on those crimes in a coordinated, cross-cutting manner. TITLE II—REPORT ON MAJOR WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING COUNTRIES 
SEC. 201. REPORT. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, shall submit to Con-gress a report that lists each country determined by the Secretary of State to be a focus country within the meaning of this Act. (b) S
PECIAL DESIGNATION .—In each report re-quired under subsection (a), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, shall identify each country listed in the report that also constitutes a country of concern (as defined in section 2(4)) . (c) S
UNSET .—This section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. TITLE III—FRAMEWORK FOR INTERAGENCY RESPONSE 
SEC. 301. PRESIDENTIAL TASK FORCE ON WILD-LIFE TRAFFICKING. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to the functions required by Executive Order 13648 (78 Fed. Reg. 40621), the Task Force shall be in-formed by the Secretary of State’s annual report required under section 201 and considering all available information, ensure that relevant United States Government agencies— (1) collaborate, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, with the national wildlife services, or other relevant bodies of each focus country to prepare, not later than 90 days after the date of submission of the report required under section 201(a), a United States mission assessment of the threats to wildlife in that focus country and an assessment of the capacity of that country to address wildlife trafficking; (2) collaborate, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, with relevant ministries, national wild-life services, or other relevant bodies of each focus country to prepare, not later than 180 days after preparation of the assessment re-ferred to in paragraph (1), a United States mis-sion strategic plan that includes recommenda-tions for addressing wildlife trafficking, taking into account any regional or national strategies for addressing wildlife trafficking in a focus country developed before the preparation of such assessment; (3) coordinate efforts among United States Federal agencies and non-Federal partners, in-cluding missions, domestic and international or-ganizations, the private sector, and other global partners, to implement the strategic plans re-quired by paragraph (2) in each focus country; (4) not less frequently than annually, consult and coordinate with stakeholders qualified to provide advice, assistance, and information re-garding effective support for anti-poaching ac-tivities, coordination of regional law enforce-ment efforts, development of and support for ef-fective legal enforcement mechanisms, and de-velopment of strategies to reduce illicit trade and reduce consumer demand for illegally trad-ed wildlife and wildlife products, and other rel-evant topics under this Act; and (5) coordinate or carry out other functions as are necessary to implement this Act. (b) DUPLICATION AND EFFICIENCY .—The Task Force shall— (1) ensure that the activities of the Federal agencies involved in carrying out efforts under this Act are coordinated and not duplicated; and (2) encourage efficiencies and coordination among the efforts of Federal agencies and inter-agency initiatives ongoing as of the date of the enactment of this Act to address trafficking ac-tivities, including trafficking of wildlife, hu-mans, weapons, and narcotics, illegal trade, transnational organized crime, or other illegal activities. (c) C
ONSISTENCY WITHAGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES.—The Task Force shall carry out its re-sponsibilities under this Act in a manner con-sistent with the authorities and responsibilities of agencies represented on the Task Force. (d) T
ASK FORCE STRATEGIC REVIEW .—One year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Task Force shall submit a strategic assessment of its work and provide a briefing to the appropriate congres-sional committees that shall include— (1) a review and assessment of the Task Force’s implementation of this Act, identifying successes, failures, and gaps in its work, or that of agencies represented on the Task Force, in-cluding detailed descriptions of— (A) what approaches, initiatives, or programs have succeeded best in increasing the willing-ness and capacity of focus countries to suppress and prevent illegal wildlife trafficking, and what approaches, initiatives, or programs have not succeeded as well as hoped; and (B) which foreign governments subject to sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 201 have proven to be the most successful partners in suppressing and preventing illegal wildlife trafficking, which focus countries have not proven to be so, and what factors contributed to these results in each country discussed; (2) a description of each Task Force member agency’s priorities and objectives for combating wildlife trafficking; (3) an account of total United States funding each year since fiscal year 2014 for all govern-ment agencies and programs involved in coun-tering poaching and wildlife trafficking; (4) an account of total United States funding since fiscal year 2014 to support the activities of the Task Force, including administrative over-head costs and congressional reporting; and (5) recommendations for how to improve United States and international efforts to sup-press and prevent illegal wildlife trafficking in the future, based upon the Task Force’s experi-ence as of the time of the review. (e) T
ERMINATION OF TASKFORCE.—The statu-tory authorization for the Task Force provided by this Act shall terminate 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act or such earlier date that the President terminates the Task Force by rescinding, superseding, or otherwise modifying relevant portions of Executive Order 13648. TITLE IV—PROGRAMS TO ADDRESS THE ESCALATING WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING CRISIS 
SEC. 401. ANTI-POACHING PROGRAMS. 
(a) W ILDLIFE LAWENFORCEMENT PROFES -
SIONAL TRAINING AND COORDINATION ACTIVI -TIES.—The Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, in collaboration with the heads of other relevant United States agencies and nongovernmental partners where appro-priate, may provide assistance to focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required by section 301(a)(2), among other goals, to improve the effectiveness of wildlife law enforcement in regions and coun-tries that have demonstrated capacity, willing-ness, and need for assistance. (b) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE SECURITY ASSIST-
ANCE TO COUNTER WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING AND  P
OACHING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President is authorized to provide defense articles, defense services, and related training to security forces of focus coun-tries for the purpose of countering wildlife traf-ficking and poaching where appropriate. (2) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Assistance provided under paragraph (1) may include intelligence and sur-veillance assets, communications and electronic equipment, mobility assets, night vision and thermal imaging devices, and organizational clothing and individual equipment, pursuant to the applicable provision of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) or the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.). (B) L
IMITATION .—Assistance provided under paragraph (1) may not include significant mili-tary equipment. (3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Assistance provided under paragraph (1) shall be in addition to any other assistance provided to the countries under any other provision of law. (4) P
ROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No assistance may be pro-vided under subsection (b) to a unit of a secu-rity force if the President determines that the unit has been found to engage in wildlife traf-ficking or poaching. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subpara-graph (A) shall not apply with respect to a unit of a security force of a country if the President determines that the government of the country is taking effective steps to hold the unit ac-countable and prevent the unit from engaging in trafficking and poaching. (5) C
ERTIFICATION .—With respect to any as-sistance provided pursuant to this subsection, the Secretary of State shall certify to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that such assistance is nec-essary for the purposes of combating wildlife trafficking. (6) N
OTIFICATION .—Consistent with the re-quirements of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) and the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), the Secretary of State shall notify the appropriate congres-sional committees regarding defense articles, de-fense services, and related training provided under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 402. ANTI-TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATIVE CAPACITY BUILDING .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, in collaboration with the heads of other relevant United States agencies and commu-nities, regions, and governments in focus coun-tries, may design and implement programs in focus countries to carry out the recommenda-tions made in the strategic plan required under section 301(a)(2) among other goals, with clear and measurable targets and indicators of suc-cess, to increase the capacity of wildlife law en-forcement and customs and border security offi-cers in focus countries. (b) T
RANSNATIONAL PROGRAMS .—The Sec- retary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, in collaboration with other relevant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.049 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5834 September 15, 2016 
United States agencies, nongovernmental part-ners, and international bodies, and in collabora-tion with communities, regions, and govern-ments in focus countries, may design and imple-ment programs, including support for Wildlife Enforcement Networks, in focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required under section 301(a)(2), among other goals, to better understand and combat the transnational trade in illegal wild-life. 
SEC. 403. ENGAGEMENT OF UNITED STATES DIP-LOMATIC MISSIONS. 
As soon as practicable but not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, each chief of mission to a focus country should begin to implement the recommendations contained in the strategic plan required under section 301(a)(2), among other goals, for the country. 
SEC. 404. COMMUNITY CONSERVATION. 
The Secretary of State, in collaboration with the United State Agency for International De-velopment, heads of other relevant United States agencies, the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, and other development partners, may provide support in focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required under section 301(a)(2) as such recommendations relate to the development, scaling, and replication of community wildlife conservancies and community conservation pro-grams in focus countries to assist with rural sta-bility and greater security for people and wild-life, empower and support communities to man-age or benefit from their wildlife resources sustainably, and reduce the threat of poaching and trafficking, including through— (1) promoting conservation-based enterprises and incentives, such as eco-tourism and sustain-able agricultural production, that empower com-munities to manage wildlife, natural resources, and community ventures where appropriate, by ensuring they benefit from well-managed wild-life populations; (2) helping create alternative livelihoods to poaching by mitigating wildlife trafficking, helping support rural stability, greater security for people and wildlife, sustainable economic de-velopment, and economic incentives to conserve wildlife populations; (3) engaging regional businesses and the pri-vate sector to develop goods and services to aid in anti-poaching and anti-trafficking measures; (4) working with communities to develop se-cure and safe methods of sharing information with enforcement officials; (5) providing technical assistance to support sustainable land use plans to improve the eco-nomic, environmental, and social outcomes in community-owned or -managed lands; (6) supporting community anti-poaching ef-forts, including policing and informant net-works; (7) working with community and national governments to develop relevant policy and reg-ulatory frameworks to enable and promote com-munity conservation programs, including sup-porting law enforcement engagement with wild-life protection authorities to promote informa-tion-sharing; and (8) working with national governments to en-sure that communities have timely and effective support from national authorities to mitigate risks that communities may face when engaging in anti-poaching and anti-trafficking activities. TITLE V—TRANSITION OF OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY FUNDING TO BASE FUNDING 
SEC. 501. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FUNDING. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President and Congress should provide for an appropriate and responsible transition for funding des-ignated for overseas contingency operations to traditional and regular annual appropriations, including emergency supplemental funding, as appropriate. TITLE VI—OTHER ACTIONS RELATING TO WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS SEC. 601. AMENDMENTS TO FISHERMAN’S PRO-TECTIVE ACT OF 1967. 
Section 8 of the Fisherman’s Protective Act of 1967 (22 U.S.C. 1978) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Commerce’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of the Interior’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘, as appropriate,’’; (D) by redesigning paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Commerce and the Sec-retary of the Interior shall each report to Con-gress each certification to the President made by such Secretary under this subsection, within 15 days after making such certification.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘as the case may be,’’. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be with-drawn; the Coons amendment at the desk be agreed to; and the bill, as amended, be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The committee-reported amendment was withdrawn. The amendment (No. 5078) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 2494), as amended, was passed. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am going to take a few minutes, if I might, to celebrate something that we, frank-ly, have a chance to celebrate far too rarely—a bipartisan legislative suc-cess. I am thrilled to be here to celebrate the passage of the End Wildlife Traf-ficking Act, a bill Senator F
LAKE and I have been working on for months since it was introduced in December of last year, an idea which we have been work-ing on for well over a year. This bill has been a long time in coming. I first saw the tragic consequences of poaching and wildlife trafficking dec-ades ago when I was a young man in Kenya, and I first visited Africa with a number of my colleagues on a trip to look at the dramatic increase in wild-life trafficking just a few short years ago. President Obama issued an Executive order to combat wildlife trafficking back in 2013, and Senator CARDIN and I held a joint hearing on the topic in 2014 when I chaired the African Affairs Sub-committee. Senator F
LAKE , now the chair of the African Affairs Sub-committee, and I introduced this bill together last December, and now we are excited to see it pass this body and be one step closer to becoming law. Why is this bill important? Why does wildlife trafficking in Africa matter? Because nearly 100 elephants are killed every single day so their ivory tusks can be sold on the black market. Ivory now commands prices higher than her-oin or gold, and it has become one of the principal ways of financing transnational networks of terrorists and of criminals. The tragic consequences for the Afri-can elephant were recently noted in a report that showed that the population of elephants across the continent shrank by one-third in the last decade. In 2014, more than 1,000 rhinoceroses were illegally killed in South Africa, a several thousand-percent increase since the decade before. And as rhino horn and elephant tusks command out-rageous prices on the world market, the demand has driven both wildlife poaching and trafficking steadily up-ward. Until today, it has become a multibillion-dollar industry that threatens wildlife, fragile ecosystems, and our national security. Wildlife poaching and trafficking is one of those problems about which it is tempting to throw up our hands and ask: What could we possibly do about this? It happens on the other side of the world and it affects wildlife most of us will never see in person. But we didn’t. And because of that, because of our persistence and determination and because so many people on the com-mittee staff in the Senate and in the executive branch have devoted time and effort to coming up with a strategy and a pathway toward addressing it, we have lots of reasons today to be opti-mistic. In President Obama, we have a Presi-dent engaged in the continent of Africa and committed to combating traf-ficking and poaching. In Secretary Kerry, we have a former Senator who, when he was chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, dedicated per-sonal time and effort to highlighting the issue of wildlife trafficking. As I mentioned, in 2013, the President cre-ated a task force on wildlife trafficking that produced a national strategy for working together to combat wildlife trafficking. Now, just today, we have a strong bill—the End Wildlife Traf-ficking Act—that has passed the Sen-ate and is on its way to the House. Based on a recent conversation, I am optimistic that Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL , of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, will move this forward in the week ahead. Both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.049 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5835 September 15, 2016 
Chairman R OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL deserve great credit for passing a complementary bill in the House, and it is because they have already acted on this that I am optimistic we will be able to together reach our end goal. What exactly does that bill do? Let me briefly say, it requires a strategy, it authorizes an interagency approach to working with the governments of many countries affected by wildlife trafficking, and it produces rec-ommendations on how to address those threats in coordination with non-governmental organizations. It author-izes the Secretary of State and the Ad-ministrator of USAID to support ef-forts to combat poaching and wildlife trafficking and to encourage commu-nity conservation programs—an initia-tive, a direction, that Senator F
LAKE  and I have seen in person on the ground in southern Africa. It also includes strategic regular re-views to monitor progress being made, and it gives prosecutors more tools to go after individuals involved in high- value wildlife crime. Last, but not least, it encourages diplomatic efforts around the world to try and reduce the demand for wildlife trafficking and for the markets that consume so much of this illicit traffic, whether in China, Vietnam, Malaysia, or elsewhere. Fi-nally, it requires an annual report back to us in Congress to let us know how any taxpayer dollars appropriated in this fight against wildlife trafficking are being spent. This bill isn’t just good policy. In a Congress that is all too often paralyzed by division and by dysfunction, the passage of this act is an important ex-ample of what it can look like when we put good policy before partisan poli-tics. I want to briefly thank the staff of Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN ; my own staff, including Lisa Jones, who spent a great deal of time on this; the staff of Senator F
LAKE , Colleen Donnelly and Sarah Towles; and three terrific people, all of them AAAS fellows who have helped bring this bill to passage: Rosa Mutiso, Allie Schwier, and Leah Rubin Shen, who has moved from being an AAAS fellow to my office and has done a terrific job getting us to the finish line today. I am so grateful for all of the work of the dedicated folks in Congress and in the executive branch who have made this possible. Thank you very much. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
f 
WRDA Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise to applaud the Senate for passing earlier today the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2016, better known as WRDA. It is important to pause for a moment and appreciate the fact that we were able to come together in such a bipartisan way on such an important and substantive matter. Today, WRDA passed by an overwhelming majority of 95 to 3. Today we took a critical step toward making real investments in our Na-tion’s waterways, ports, harbors, eco-systems, and the infrastructure we rely on for our drinking water. We also made a statement that when a group of people are suffering, our country must pull together to help. Delivering assistance to Flint, MI, and other communities suffering from poor drinking water quality is, frankly, quite overdue. We should have provided funding to fix Flint’s water infrastruc-ture long ago, but today we have taken a meaningful step toward the future, where the people of Flint, as well as communities all across America, can turn on their taps and trust that it is safe to use the water that comes out of them. We cannot forget that right now the people of Flint are still living in this crisis. People are still depending on bottled water and filters for everyday water needs. The health effects will last for decades to come. Over the past year, I have regularly heard from Flint families about their ongoing struggles. Just this week, I heard from Flint residents who came to Washington. They came to share their stories and to keep up the fight for the Federal support their community needs. These Americans continue to en-dure unimaginable circumstances with both grace and dignity. The breadth and severity of the hard-ships these families have faced are breathtaking, but I continue to hear news stories that would shock all of us in this Chamber and push Congress to finish our work to get this package signed into law. This week I heard from one Flint mother who told me a story about her 10-year-old daughter with aching bones and teeth. Lead and calcium compete for the same locations in the body and are stored in bone tissue. This is one of the many reasons lead exposure is espe-cially devastating to growing children. Try to imagine the horror of seeing your daughter’s teeth crumble while biting into a sandwich. This is what the people of Flint are living with. The girl’s blood lead levels, even recently, were up and down, and she takes large supplements to improve her bone strength. As these Flint residents con-tinue to tell their stories, we must not let their reality fade from the minds of this Nation. As a nation, we can do bet-ter than this. We must take care of our own. As we pause to recognize the weight of our actions today, we must recog-nize and remember the people who have been fighting for a very long time. I would like to recognize Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha, Dr. Marc Edwards, and Miguel Del Toral for their tireless work to identify and shine a light on the crisis of Flint last year, as well as for all of their advocacy and work since then. I would also like to recognize the grassroots leaders in Flint who realized there was a serious problem way before anyone else. LeeAnne Walters, Melissa Mays, the Concerned Pastors of Flint, and many others. Despite being repeat-edly dismissed and ignored, they kept talking and marching and battling to let the world know about the injustice. Senator STABENOW and her team have worked tirelessly with us on this effort and to advance our package helping Flint and other countries across the country. She and I underwent weeks of negotiations to carefully craft a bipar-tisan agreement, and we have a number of Senators who were willing to work with us and truly wanted to find a solu-tion. Senator S
TABENOW ’s staff, particu-larly Matt VanKuiken and Aaron Suntag, deserve a lot of credit for late nights drafting legislative language and making calls to negotiate a deal. Senators I
NHOFE and B OXER deserve special gratitude for their creative ideas and steadfast determination. I would also like to thank the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee staff, including Alex Herrgott, Jason Albritton, Bettina Poirier, and Susan Bodine, among others. Your long hours and commitment were critical to the bill’s passage. I should also recognize the cospon-sors of our bipartisan legislation, in-cluding Senators B
ROWN , P ORTMAN , K
IRK, REED, BURR, DURBIN , MIKULSKI , C
APITO , and B ALDWIN . I would like to recognize Senators M
URKOWSKI and C ANTWELL and their staff who worked for weeks to help us find a path forward on a bipartisan en-ergy bill. While this did not come to fruition, we kept working hard to find a path forward. We didn’t let one road-block stand in the way. We kept on fighting for Flint, just like the families in Flint keep on fighting. So while I am pleased the Senate fi-nally passed this bipartisan, fully paid- for legislation to provide much needed support for Flint families, we now need to redouble our efforts to get it done and get it over the finish line. I urge my colleagues in the House to swiftly pass similar assistance to Flint and other communities across the country. This bill is the best way for us to help them make critical invest-ments in their aging water infrastruc-ture. I thank my colleague Congressman K
ILDEE , who has been Flint’s most steadfast champion in the U.S. House. He has worked with Senator S
TABENOW  and me to secure Federal resources for Flint families, and I know he is work-ing hard with his House colleagues to pass legislation to aid Flint. Local elected officials, such as State Senator Jim Ananich, State Represent-ative Sheldon Neeley, and Mayor Karen Weaver continue to battle for their constituents, secure resources to fix problems, and shine a light on all of the many positive aspects of the city of Flint. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.074 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5836 September 15, 2016 
I know other Members of the Michi-gan delegation and of other States are committed, but now is the time to step up to the plate and show that we will follow through on our responsibilities as representatives of the people. Finally, if we are to solve this crisis, the State of Michigan must step up with substantial long-term support for the people of Flint and help them fully recover in the years and decades ahead. This disaster happened on their watch, and it is an immense failure on the part of the State of Michigan to pro-tect the health and safety of its city’s residents. Despite the grim facts of this trag-edy, some day in the future I hope we will look back at today and say it was a milestone and a turning point. I am optimistic that we will. This is not the end of our efforts for Flint. This is the beginning of making things right. We won’t stop fighting for what is best for Flint families. I urge all of my colleagues to continue working to in-vest in critical water infrastructure so that we never, ever see a crisis like this again anywhere in our country. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PUERTO RICAN TASK FORCE’S INTERIM REPORT Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, pursuant to section 409 of the Puerto Rico Over-sight, Management, and Economic Sta-bility Act, or PROMESA, P.L. 114–187, the bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico has been charged with compiling a report by December 31, 2016, that iden-tifies impediments to growth and rec-ommends changes to promote long- term economic growth and stability, spur new job creation, reduce child poverty, and attract investment in the territory. The statute also requires submission of an interim report on the status of the task force’s efforts to the House and Senate. As chairman of the task force and after having submitted this report to leadership of both parties in the Senate and the House, I ask unani-mous consent that the report be print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL TASKFORCE ON ECONOMIC  G
ROWTH IN PUERTO RICO 
STATUS UPDATE TO THE HOUSE AND SENATE  Background: On June 30, 2016, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Over-sight, Management, and Economic Stability Act,’’ or ‘‘PROMESA,’’ was signed into law (Public Law 114–187). Section 409 of PROMESA establishes an eight-member Con-gressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico (hereafter, ‘‘Task Force’’). The Task Force has two basic charges: 1. To issue, between September 1, 2016 and September 15, 2016, a status update to the House and Senate that includes— a. information the Task Force has col-lected; and b. a discussion on matters the chairman of the Task Force deems urgent for consider-ation by Congress. 2. To issue, not later than December 31, 2016, a report of Task Force findings to the House and Senate regarding— a. impediments in current Federal law and programs to economic growth in Puerto Rico including equitable access to Federal health care programs; b. recommended changes to Federal law and programs that, if adopted, would serve to spur sustainable long-term economic growth, job creation, reduce child poverty, and attract investment in Puerto Rico; c. the economic effect of Administrative Order No. 346 of the Department of Health of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (relating to natural products, natural supplements, and dietary supplements) or any successor or substantially similar order, rule, or guidance of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and d. additional information the Task Force deems appropriate. Further, PROMESA urges the Task Force’s final report to reflect the shared views of all eight members ‘‘to the greatest extent prac-ticable.’’ PROMESA also directs the Task Force to consult with the Puerto Rico Legis-lative Assembly, the Puerto Rico Depart-ment of Economic Development and Com-merce, and the private sector of Puerto Rico. Task Force Members were selected in July in accordance with specifications in PROMESA, and are as follows: Senator Orrin Hatch, (R–UT); Senator Robert Menendez (D– NJ); Senator Marco Rubio (R–FL); Senator Bill Nelson (D–FL); Representative Tom MacArthur (R–NJ); Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi (PR); Representative Sean Duffy (R–WI); Representative Nydia Vela´quez (D–NY). This report provides the status update pur-suant to the Task Force’s first basic charge, highlighting information the Task Force has collected and outlining the Task Force’s on-going activities related to information gath-ering, analysis of policy options, and com-munication with stakeholders. Residents of Puerto Rico and their families face numerous challenges to economic growth along many dimensions affected by Federal law and programs, including health care, government finances, economic stagna-tion, population loss, and sectoral inefficien-cies. In addition, Puerto Rico is confronting challenges shared with several states related to the Zika virus and faces the highest num-ber of confirmed cases of any U.S. jurisdic-tion. Task Force Members are actively work-ing to arrive at a consensus in order to pro-vide Congress with findings and rec-ommendations as called for under PROMESA. Information the Task Force has collected: Data Task Force staff convened a meeting with researchers from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to discuss sources of data on Puerto Rico’s economy and financial activi-ties. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York oversees the Second District of the Federal Reserve System, which includes Puerto Rico. Researchers and analysts at the Federal Re-serve Bank of New York have a long history of monitoring economic and financial devel-opments in Puerto Rico and provided useful information to Task Force staff on available data to assist the Task Force in analyzing the economic and financial environment in the territory. Task Force staff have also been in contact with entities within Puerto Rico, including the Puerto Rico Institute of Statistics (Instituto de Estadı´sticas de Puerto Rico), to obtain the best available information about Puerto Rico’s economic and fiscal situation. Like other observers, the Task Force is concerned about the relative lack of reliable data pertaining to certain aspects of the eco-nomic, financial, and fiscal situation in Puerto Rico, which are necessary for produc-tive analyses that may lead to sound public policy recommendations. Therefore, the Task Force intends to ana-lyze the extent to which Federal statistical products that measure economic and finan-cial activity in the states might also provide equivalent information for Puerto Rico and other territories, and the Task Force intends to explore ways in which any such data gaps can be responsibly closed. Task Force Email Portal The Task Force established an email por-tal—prtaskforce@mail.house.gov—and issued press releases calling on stakeholders to sub-mit their input to this portal. These written submissions, from both the public and pri-vate sectors, will be useful to the Task Force as it works to arrive at bipartisan rec-ommendations. All submissions will be con-sidered part of the public record and the Task Force intends to publish them prior to or along with its final report. To date, the Task Force has received approximately 335 submissions to the email portal from indi-viduals and organizations representing a wide variety of interests. Task Force staff have begun analyzing these submissions and will continue to do so as the year progresses. The Task Force initially announced a deadline for submission to the email portal of September 2, 2016. The Task Force has since extended the deadline until October 14, 2016 in order to cast the widest net possible and to ensure that stakeholders have ample opportunity to provide input. Federal Agencies As a U.S. jurisdiction, Puerto Rico is af-fected by Federal laws enacted by Congress and administered by Federal agencies. Ac-cordingly, the Task Force, in order to fulfill its charges under PROMESA, will require input and cooperation from various Federal agencies and offices Task Force staff have begun, and will continue, to contact congres-sional liaisons from Federal agencies and of-fices to schedule briefings and facilitate in-formation sharing. Thus far, Task Force staff have contacted officials at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, to open a dialogue regarding Federal health policy and its impact on Puerto Rico. Task Force staff have also contacted officials at the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Depart-ment of Labor, and the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency to discuss a range of topics, including the inclusion, or lack thereof, of Puerto Rico in economic measures com-monly used to gauge economic and financial activities in states. The U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. Small Business Administra-tion, and the U.S. Department of the Treas-ury have also been contacted to discuss crit-ical energy, environmental, health, and eco-nomic issues. Task Force staff expect to con-tact officials at additional Federal agencies to obtain pertinent information. Task Force Members urge all Federal agencies and offices contacted by Task Force staff to recognize the relatively brief time period in which the Task Force is required to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.076 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5837 September 15, 2016 
operate, and welcome prompt responses to requests for information and willingness to meet with Task Force staff on short notice to provide background and briefing mate-rials. Moreover, Task Force Members empha-size the need for bipartisan cooperation as the Task Force works to arrive at findings and recommendations. Congressional Support The Task Force expects to benefit from the support of available congressional support offices, most notably the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT), the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), and the Library of Congress’s Congressional Research Service (CRS). Task Force staff have contacted JCT, which will provide a briefing in the near term to discuss the application of Federal tax policy in Puerto Rico, as well as indi-vidual, corporate, and other tax proposals put forward in recent years by stakeholders in Puerto Rico and in Congress. Staff have reached out to CRS researchers for updates on previously-issued CRS reports related to Puerto Rico and have scheduled briefings on a number of germane issues. Offices and Agencies in Puerto Rico As noted above, PROMESA specifically re-quires the Task Force to consult with the Puerto Rico Legislative Assembly, the Puer-to Rico Department of Economic Develop-ment and Commerce, and the private sector of Puerto Rico. Task Force staff have begun outreach to leaders of the Puerto Rico Legislative As-sembly, and welcome any input and rec-ommendations that they wish to provide. Task Force staff have also contacted the Secretary of the Puerto Rico Department of Economic Development and Commerce, and welcome input and recommendations from the Secretary and other officials at the agen-cy. Similarly, Task Force staff have con-tacted the Secretary of the Puerto Rico De-partment of Health to obtain input with re-spect to the Department’s Administrative Order No. 346. Consultation with entities in the private sector of Puerto Rico has also been ongoing and will continue throughout this process. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE KENTUCKY BANKERS ASSOCIATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I rise today to extend my thanks and congratulations to a venerable Ken-tucky business trade association that is celebrating a milestone anniversary of service to its members and its cus-tomers. The Kentucky Bankers Asso-ciation, a nonprofit trade association serving Kentucky’s community finan-cial services industry, celebrates its 125th anniversary this October. Founded in October of 1891, the Ken-tucky Bankers Association, KBA, rep-resents State and federally chartered banks and thrifts. It has 185 member banks, 167 of which are headquartered in Kentucky. Not only do KBA’s mem-ber banks provide high-quality service to the people of the Commonwealth, but they also employ more than 23,000 Kentuckians. The purpose of the Kentucky Bank-ers Association is to provide advocacy for the financial services industry both in Kentucky and on the national level. The organization also serves as a fount of information to its members on the banking industry and acts as a catalyst for internal debate and action within the industry and among its members. It also publishes an industry magazine to provide news and information to its members. And by providing loans to Kentucky businesses, they enable fu-ture business growth and spur the cre-ation of new jobs. KBA has served its members for 125 years, and many of KBA’s member banks have also been serving their cus-tomers for a long time. The oldest bank chartered in Kentucky was estab-lished in 1835, making it 181 years old. And the average age of Kentucky char-tered banks is 84 years old. Kentuck-ians who bank with KBA’s members have counted on and appreciated their high level of service for generations. I also want to congratulate my friend Ballard Cassady, the president and CEO of KBA, as he has served in that posi-tion for 30 years. His dedication to the KBA is equaled only by KBA member banks’ dedication to their customers. Kentucky community banks are inte-gral parts of the local neighborhoods they serve. And the KBA plays a vital role in representing these community financial institutions. I want to extend my gratitude to the KBA, Mr. Cassady, and KBA leadership for 125 years of service to Kentucky’s community fi-nancial institutions and their con-sumers. And I wish to thank KBA’s member banks across the Common-wealth for their long-standing commit-ment to the people of Kentucky. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN BEL EDWARDS Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I rec-ognize Governor John Bel Edwards, who is celebrating his 50th birthday on September 16, 2016. Governor Edwards is a committed public servant who has dedicated his career to improving the lives of Lou-isiana residents. A Louisiana native, Governor Edwards graduated from Amite High School as valedictorian of his class. After graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point 4 years later, he bravely served our coun-try as an airborne ranger in the U.S. Army. Following his service, Governor Edwards attended law school at Lou-isiana State University, where he grad-uated Order of the Coif, the prestigious honor society for our Nation’s bright-est law school graduates. In 2008, Governor Edwards was elect-ed to the Louisiana House of Rep-resentatives. Throughout his tenure, he worked diligently to ensure that the needs of Louisiana residents were met. His Democratic colleagues recognized his unwavering commitment to public service and his steadfast leadership ability, and they elected him as chair-man of the Louisiana House Demo-cratic Caucus. It comes as no surprise that Governor Edwards has already achieved a num-ber of accomplishments on behalf of Louisiana since he became the Gov-ernor of the State in January 2016. He has led State legislators in addressing Louisiana’s most pressing issues, in-cluding the State’s budget crisis, his-toric flood events that have damaged more than 100,000 homes throughout the State, and several tornadoes that have impacted many of the State’s most vulnerable residents. In addition to managing the response to these cri-ses, Governor Edwards is implementing programs that are critical to the suc-cess and well-being of Louisiana resi-dents, such as Medicaid expansion and major infrastructure development projects. Governor Edwards is married to his high-school sweetheart, Donna Edwards, and they have three beautiful children: Samantha Bel, Sarah Ellen, and John Miller. I join the Governor’s family, friends, and the residents of Louisiana in wishing him a very happy 50th birthday. His dedication to Lou-isiana is commendable, and I look for-ward learning about his future success on behalf of the residents of Louisiana and all Americans. f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to celebrate the bipartisan passage of this year’s Water Resources Development Act. This criti-cally important legislation will help keep our drinking water safe, move goods on Illinois waterways, protect communities from flooding and pre-serve the precious natural resources that are our rivers, streams, and wet-lands. Our Nation’s water infrastructure plays a vital role in protecting our communities from flooding, safe-guarding our drinking water from con-tamination, and advancing commerce through the safe and secure movement of goods. The safety of the American people and the stability of the Amer-ican economy depend on the reliability of our water infrastructure. But our water infrastructure in the U.S. is aging and overburdened, and in-vestment is not keeping up with the need. We have locks and dams that are crumbling, in serious need of mainte-nance and upgrades, and lead water pipes that are long overdue for replace-ment. What happened in Flint has shown just how vulnerable our water infrastructure is and why investing in it is so important. That is why I was proud to support the passage of the Water Resource and Development Act of 2016, which makes significant invest-ments in water infrastructure around the country. I am proud to report that much of the water infrastructure funding in this bill will benefit my home State of Illinois. The bill authorizes a final fea-sibility report on phase II of the Des Plaines River Project, which will pro-vide flood risk management and envi-ronmental restoration on the Upper Des Plaines River and tributaries in Il-linois and Wisconsin. The bill also in-cludes language that expedites the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.053 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5838 September 15, 2016 
completion of the McCook Reservoir in the Chicago region. McCook is a 10-bil-lion-gallon reservoir designed to redi-rect flood and wastewater from the Chicago region. When completed, the project will benefit Chicago and 36 sur-rounding suburbs, including 1.5 million structures and over 5 million people. Also included is language that will help pay for work on the Lockport Prairie Nature Preserve and the Prairie Bluff Preserve in Will County. These are im-portant projects for Illinois that will help prevent flooding in our commu-nities and restore our region’s eco-systems. In Illinois, we treasure Lake Michi-gan, from the drinking water it pro-vides to millions of people, to the com-merce and tourism it brings to the Chi-cago area. That is why protecting and restoring our Great Lakes is so impor-tant to Illinois. This bill authorizes $300 million per year to help protect our Great Lakes through the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, or GLRI, which provides Illinois with millions in Federal funding to combat invasive species like Asian carp; reduce and re-move pollution, waste runoff, and toxic chemicals; and restore wetlands and other lakefront assets. GLRI funds have been used for restoration projects like the removal of toxic chemicals from Waukegan Harbor, green infra-structure like the Millennium Reserve near the Calumet River, and the res-toration of 40 acres of land at North-erly Island. Finally, this bill takes important steps to address the water contamina-tion issues that have been plaguing communities across the country. Lead water contamination is not a new prob-lem. In Illinois, we have been battling this issue for years. The contaminated water crisis in Flint, MI, was a wakeup call to all of us that we must have strong drinking water protections in place and invest the necessary re-sources to keep our water safe for our children. This bill provides $220 million in direct emergency assistance to Flint and other communities facing similar drinking water emergencies. It pro-vides $1.4 billion over 5 years to help small and disadvantaged communities comply with the Safe Drinking Water Act. The bill modernizes our State Re-volving Loan Fund program and pro-vides $300 million in grants for commu-nities to replace lead service lines. And because we are also seeing high levels of lead in our schools’ water, the bill authorizes $100 million for additional lead testing in schools. This bill also addresses many of the issues that I raised in the Lead-Safe Housing for Kids Act that I introduced with Sen-ator M
ENENDEZ and the CLEAR Act that I introduced with Senator C
ARDIN , two bills that would ensure our chil-dren are protected from the dangerous effects of lead in our water and our housing. Congress has a responsibility to pro-tect the safety of our drinking water, defend our communities from flooding, improve our waterways, and fix the Na-tion’s crumbling water infrastructure. I want to congratulate Chairman INHOFE and Ranking Member B OXER for their hard work and dedication to im-proving our water infrastructure and for getting this bill passed by the Sen-ate. I am proud to support the impor-tant investments that this bipartisan bill makes to improve water infra-structure in Illinois and around the country. 
f 
U.S. PARTNERSHIP WITH GEORGIA Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, Geor-gia is a trusted friend and steadfast partner of the United States. I firmly support Georgia’s sovereignty, secu-rity, and prosperity, and I wish to con-gratulate Georgians on the remarkable democratic and economic progress they have achieved in 25 years of independ-ence since the fall of the Soviet Union. I would particularly like to call at-tention to our unwavering security partnership with Georgia, whose Armed Forces participate in inter-national missions worldwide, including the Resolute Support Mission in Af-ghanistan, where Georgia is contrib-uting more personnel than any other non-NATO member. I know the United States deeply appreciates Georgia’s contributions to these missions and honors its sacrifices. Our important security relationship with Georgia continues to grow. Through ongoing regional efforts like the European Readiness Initiative and expanded bilateral cooperation, as laid out in the new defense agreement signed in July, the United States and Georgia are working ever more closely to boost our mutual security, build Georgia’s resilience and self-defense ca-pabilities, and create a safer region and world. In this context, I remain deeply concerned about Russia’s continued oc-cupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia and believe Russia must fulfill its obligations under the 2008 ceasefire agreement. The United States is stead-fast in our support for Georgia’s sov-ereignty and remains committed to helping Georgia achieve its goal of NATO and European Union member-ship and full integration into European institutions. Georgia is preparing for parliamen-tary elections in October, an important test of the country’s civic institutions and democratic practices. Georgia’s continued democratic maturation de-pends on free and fair elections con-tested in a pluralistic media environ-ment. I also believe it is critical for Georgia to sustain progress in enacting its reform agenda, particularly in the justice sector, which will both further strengthen our bilateral partnership and prove to Georgians that their gov-ernment is working for them. Progress has not come without difficulty, but the commitment of the Georgian peo-ple has made Georgia a true standout in a difficult region and an important partner of the United States. Again, I would like to congratulate Georgia on reaching this significant milestone and recognize the impor-tance of our continued close partner-ship. f 
GROWTH AWARENESS Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, today, on behalf of every child who suffers from growth disorders, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this week, September 19 through 23, as Growth Awareness Week. Tracking a child’s growth is critical as it is a major sign of his or her over-all health. When their growth is de-layed, it is an indicator of potential underlying medical disorders. In fact, more than 600 serious diseases and health conditions, ranging from nutri-tional disturbances and hormone im-balances to unidentified kidney prob-lems and brain tumors, can cause growth failure. Unfortunately, the two most common causes of growth failures frequently go undiagnosed, even in children who are evaluated. By failing to diagnose the cause of growth failure, the potential for dam-age and high costs of care increases. By contrast, early detection and diagnosis can ensure a healthy future for chil-dren with growth failures. That is why raising public awareness and education about growth failure is so important. I commend the MAGIC Foundation for their great work and look forward to working with my colleagues to im-prove the lives and health of children in Illinois and across the country. 
f 
NATIONAL TRUCK DRIVER APPRECIATION WEEK Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize America’s profes-sional truck drivers who serve our Na-tion by safely delivering such vital goods as the clothes we wear, the food we eat, and the medicine we rely on. This week, September 11 through 17, is designated as National Truck Driver Appreciation Week to honor the 3.5 million professional truck drivers in the United States. According to the American Trucking Associations, the trucking industry employs more than 7 million people, making it not only es-sential to our economy, but also one of our country’s largest employers. In Nebraska, the trucking industry employs nearly 63,000 men and women who safely deliver essential goods from Scottsbluff to Lincoln and everywhere in between. Trucking is a major driver of our economy, responsible for nearly 70 per-cent of the total U.S. freight tonnage. More than 80 percent of communities rely solely on the trucking industry for their goods and commodities. America’s truck drivers are dedicated to keeping our highways safe. They fol-low stringent safety regulations, at-tend frequent training programs, and educate the motoring public to help them drive safely around tractor-trail-ers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 17, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\S15SE6.REC S15SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5839 September 15, 2016 
America’s truck drivers sacrifice pre-cious time with their families while de-livering their products to millions more. This week, we pause to say thank you. I salute these fine professionals and their families for their dedication to delivering life’s essentials safely and securely. 
f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LORING JOB CORPS CENTER IN LIMESTONE, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, on Oc-tober 1, 1996, the first students arrived at the new Loring Job Corps Center in Limestone, ME. It is a pleasure to rec-ognize this milestone 20th anniversary of this program, dedicated to helping disadvantaged young people develop the determination, abilities, and char-acter to succeed. In the two decades since its founding, the Loring Job Corps Center has grad-uated more than 10,500 students. Whether they go on to the workforce, higher education, or the military, these graduates take with them the skills, self-confidence, and resolve to overcome the setbacks, obstacles, and failures that are part of life. The focus on community service at Loring helps to create the engaged citizens that are so important to Maine’s future. In addition to providing training and education, Loring Job Corps has devel-oped a nationally recognized premilitary program and is one of the highest military placement Job Corps centers in our Nation. This is a fitting tribute to the namesake of the former Air Force base on which the center is located: MAJ Charles Loring, a Maine native who was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for heroism in the Korean war. Two years ago, the Loring Job Corps Center reaffirmed its respect for those who serve our Nation by re-dedicating its dining center, Dahlgren Hall, in memory of LT Edward Dahl-gren, a World War II Medal of Honor re-cipient from nearby Perham, ME. Young people today face a great many challenges and threats to their well-being, and Job Corps students at Loring and throughout the Nation are no exception. It is essential that Con-gress continues to work with the De-partment of Labor to strengthen poli-cies to better ensure the safety of the young men and women who enter the Job Corps to better their lives. The national Job Corps program was founded more than a half-century ago on the noble idea that, if given the op-portunity, the support, and the train-ing, America’s at-risk young people could overcome any obstacles and achieve. For 20 years, Loring Job Corps graduates have turned that idea into reality. I congratulate the faculty, staff, and students for this accomplish-ment and offer my best wishes for con-tinued success. Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I join my esteemed colleague, Senator C
OL-
LINS, in recognizing the 20th anniver-sary of Loring Jobs Corps Center in Limestone, ME. This center is a sub-sidiary of the Department of Labor’s national Jobs Corps program, which provides vocational training, edu-cation, and opportunity to our Nation’s at-risk youth. Over the past two dec-ades, the Loring Jobs Corps has been an important part of that noble effort. Throughout our great Nation, young people face roadblocks to their per-sonal and vocational success. Recog-nizing that every member of society has potential if given opportunity, Jobs Corps gives people the skills they need to overcome these problems and create better engaged members of soci-ety. Through their efforts, they have inspired self-confidence and a sense of commitment to the community in the lives of their members. Through mili-tary service, higher education, or the workforce, graduates of the Jobs Corps have been able to make a difference in the world and been an inspiration for countless others. Since its opening in 1996, Loring Jobs Corps Center has been at the forefront of the effort to improve the lives of dis-advantaged young people and provides them with the skills necessary to thrive in their communities. Through career training and education, Loring Jobs Corps has helped over 10,500 stu-dents to a brighter, fuller future and stands poised to help thousands more. A testament to the program’s success, the Loring Center has even become one of the highest military placement Job Corps centers in the country. I like to think of Maine as one big small town. As such, we all have a re-sponsibility to help disenfranchised youth in our communities, and the Loring Jobs Corps has gone above and beyond in accepting this responsibility. I thank the center for its consistent dedication to at-risk youth, commend them for their long record of service, and wish them the best of success for years to come. f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL F. BUCHWALD Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Mike Buchwald, a dedicated member of my staff for over 9 years. Mike has served in my personal office, as my counsel, and finally, as deputy staff director for oversight and policy on the Senate Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. Over this time period, Mike has displayed a work ethic like none other. I have come to rely deeply on his attention to detail and exceptional command of the Nation’s intelligence analysis. Before joining the committee, Mike served an associate at the inter-national law firm of O’Melveny & Myers, where he specialized in crimi-nal, congressional, and internal inves-tigations of corporations and nonprofit entities as a member of the white-col-lar defense and strategic counseling groups. He served as a law clerk for Federal District Judge George P. Schiavelli in California, where he was born and raised. Prior to law school, he worked as a legislative assistant in my personal office for 3 years. Mike earned his J.D. from the University of Vir-ginia School of Law and his B.A. cum laude with distinction in history from Yale University. He is a member of Phi Beta Kappa and has been admitted to practice law in California and the Dis-trict of Columbia. Mike’s accomplishments on the In-telligence committee were extensive, many of which were completed behind the scenes in furtherance of the com-mittee’s oversight mandate. Two im-portant public reports on which Mike was involved were the 2010 report on Attempted Terrorist Attack on North-west Airlines Flight 253 and the 2013 SSCI Review of Terrorist Attacks on U.S. Facilities in Benghazi. Both re-ports were critical in helping improve our understanding of these attacks and how the U.S. Government and the in-telligence community can prepare for them in the future. The sheer volume of other committee activities in which Mike was engaged are too numerous to mention. Suffice it to say that he was an integral part of my intelligence team, supporting me and the committee in the enactment of seven consecutive intelligence author-ization bills and overseeing the most complex activities undertaken by our government. He has unmatched passion for congressional oversight, for the in-telligence community, and for this country’s national security. Mike not only served me well, but was the con-summate professional with all mem-bers and committee staff on both sides of the aisle. Mike will continue to further his government career by accepting a posi-tion within the U.S. Department of Justice’s National Security Division. I am certain the Department will find him to be a shining light, committed to protecting this country and its citi-zens. It is also important for me to ac-knowledge the support Mike has re-ceived from his fiance´e and now wife, Jamie Lynn Poslosky. I thank her for allowing Mike to spend many late nights in the office meeting the over-sight demands of the Intelligence Com-mittee. I am pleased to have this opportunity to publicly thank Mike and to wish him the very best in all his future en-deavors. I will miss his insights and his ability to always have the right docu-ment at hand for any discussion or de-liberations. Thank you, Mike, for your many years of service and dedication both to the country and to me person-ally. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANNETTE MARIE GILLIS Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, as chairman of the Select Committee on Ethics, on behalf of the members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.065 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5840 September 15, 2016 
committee and its staff, it is my privi-lege to give public notice and honor-able mention to the outstanding serv-ice that Annette Marie Gillis, deputy staff director, has provided to the com-mittee and the Senate for the past 36 years. Annette, the middle child of Henry Lee and Geneva G. Gillis’s seven chil-dren, was born and raised in Alexan-dria, VA. She began her Federal service in 1979, right after high school, with the U.S. House of Representatives, working first for Congressman Herbert E. Harris and then for Congressman Carl D. Purcell. In September 1980, Annette came to the Senate Select Committee on Ethics as a staff assistant. While working for the committee, she earned an associate of science degree in management from Northern Virginia Community College and then a bachelor of arts in Psy-chology, magna cum laude, from Marymount University. Because of her intellect, hard work, and profes-sionalism, she advanced to become sys-tems administrator, then chief clerk, and finally, in 2005, deputy staff direc-tor. Her contributions to the critical work of the committee have been in-valuable. Over the years, serving under 14 different chairmen, including myself and Senator B
OXER , Annette has been the constant in the committee’s work, expertly managing the operations of the committee and its staff. I now would like to yield to the Sen-ator from California, whom I have had the honor of serving with on the Select Committee on Ethics, so that she can say a few words about Annette. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, Annette’s contributions go far beyond the committee itself. Through her work on the committee’s education and training programs, reporting require-ments, and compliance functions, An-nette has reached the entire Senate community and, indeed, the Nation. Her contributions, drawn from a re-serve of institutional knowledge and experience, have been immeasurable. The committee commends Annette’s unwavering commitment to its work and is honored to have been the bene-ficiary of her loyal service. Despite the impact of her retirement, we, the com-mittee members and staff, are pleased to see Annette receive the recognition she deserves for her decades of faithful service to the U.S. Senate and the American people. We ask our colleagues to join us in thanking Annette for her invaluable service to the Select Committee on Ethics, the Senate community, and our Nation. We thank you, Annette, for your 36 years of dedicated service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROB NOEL Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I wanted to take a moment to thank a key mem-ber of my office who, after more than 4 years of service to the people of Flor-ida, is leaving us tomorrow to pursue a new career opportunity. Rob Noel started in our office’s com-munications shop, often rising before the sun to see what was in the news and to make sure my staff and I had the latest info on the issues of the day. Over time, his duties would grow, even-tually becoming our speechwriter and deputy communications director. Rob is a talented writer and has been an invaluable part of our efforts to communicate the causes that are im-portant to us, to shine a spotlight on injustices we see around America and the world, and to rally support for the ideas and solutions that we believe can make a difference for people. On behalf of myself, your colleagues, and the people of Florida, thank you, Rob, for your service. We wish you the best. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TEXT TO 911 IN NEW JERSEY ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I wish to commend the hardworking men and women in New Jersey who have made significant strides to ensure our State keeps pace with modern technology when it comes to public safety. This month, all 21 counties in our great State will have access to expanded 911 services, by being able to text to 911 in case of emergency. This exciting new development will help save lives across our State and serves as a national model for receiv-ing public safety services. Text to 911 further empowers persons with disabil-ities—such as hearing or speech im-pairments—who may have previously faced barriers to accessing emergency services. Today, 911 in New Jersey is open and accessible to more residents than ever before, and I commend the hard work and collaboration in New Jersey that resulted in this accom-plishment. Tragically, there are situations that happen every day where victims of crime or domestic violence are not in a position to physically call 911. With text to 911, individuals who can’t speak on the phone can still access vital serv-ices. Further, with text to 911 enabled, there may soon come a time when vic-tims can send information they never could have before, such as photos which can be instantly shared with first responders on the ground. In February of this year, the text to 911 system was rolled out at Rutgers University and showed excellent re-sults. In July, Camden County an-nounced its successful implementation of this new service. And today all coun-ties in our entire State have access to this convenient way of reaching local police. While this service is incredibly important and helps bring our emer-gency communications into the 21st century, it is important to note that, at this time, a phone call is preferred over a text message. I commend the educational campaign that has accom-panied the text to 911 roll out, sharing the message to ‘‘call if you can, text if you can’t.’’ With this month’s announcement, New Jersey leads the way as the fifth State to implement text to 911 in the entire Nation. This major achievement would not have been possible without the commitment and collaboration from cellular providers, Rutgers Uni-versity, and other host sites across the State, as well as State and local gov-ernments and emergency response pro-fessionals who came together to ad-vance this goal. I am confident that text to 911 will have a tremendous im-pact on the residents of our State, and I hope our successes and lessons learned in New Jersey can help further inform other States seeking to update their 911 capabilities and better protect their citizens.∑ f 
REMEMBERING RONNIE BALDWIN ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to remember the life of Ronnie Baldwin, who passed away on August 28, 2016. Ronnie Baldwin led a life dedicated to public service. He joined the Wynne Police Department after graduating from Wynne High School in 1970. He served with that department for more than 15 years, first as a patrolman, then a lieutenant and a criminal inves-tigator. He continued his commitment to protecting the community as the Brinkley chief of police and served as sheriff of Cross County from 1999–2008. He remained committed to the law enforcement community, serving as ex-ecutive director of the Arkansas Sher-iff’s Association, which he told friends was his dream job. His commitment to public service ex-tended beyond the borders of Arkansas. He was a board member of the National Sheriffs’ Association and also served as a board member of the Arkansas Pro-fessional Bail Bond Licensing Board for more than 11 years. Ronnie once said in a newspaper interview that he believed ‘‘actions de-fine character.’’ Those who had the privilege of working with him knew that he lived by those words. A true family man and dear friend, Ronnie leaves behind many loved ones, including his wife, Martha, children, grandchildren, and many friends. I want to offer my prayers and sincere condolences to his loved ones on their loss. Ronnie was a true hero who led a life committed to protecting public safety. I thank him for his lifelong commitment to Arkansas and law en-forcement throughout the Nation. ∑ 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LEGAL AID SOCIETY—EMPLOY-MENT LAW CENTER ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, as the Legal Aid Society—Employment Law Center, LAS-ELC, celebrates its 100th anniversary, I want to congratulate the staff, volunteers, and supporters of this extraordinary organization for all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.050 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5841 September 15, 2016 
they have done for decades to support low-income workers in the San Fran-cisco Bay Area. Established in 1916 by the State Com-mission of Immigration and Housing, LAS-ELC has a long history of success-fully advocating on behalf of working families. Beginning with its early ef-forts to assist struggling workers dur-ing the Great Depression and WWII veterans as they integrated back into life at home, LAS-ELC has provided critical support for men and women in need of help. Their groundbreaking work includes securing the first-ever Federal grant to provide free legal services to indigent criminal defend-ants, leading the settlement of a major class action on behalf of women and minorities who were denied jobs and promotions by the San Francisco Fire Department and winning a court ruling establishing AIDS and HIV status as a disability protected by State and Fed-eral employment laws. Over the years, the organization has won hundreds of individual rulings and settlements for workers discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, ethnicity, disability, or religious be-liefs. Today, LAS-ELC serves thou-sands of clients annually, provides free information about workers’ legal rights, and advocates for policy changes that better support workers and help strengthen families and com-munities. A hundred years after its founding, LAS-ELC continues to lead the fight against discrimination, harassment, wage theft, and other workplace injus-tices. I am pleased to join in honoring this special anniversary and wish LAS- ELC continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRUCE DUTTON ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Bruce Dutton of Garfield County, who celebrated his 100th birth-day in August this year. He is a Mon-tanan and a veteran who served his country during World War II, and he is also a sheep rancher. Montana has a long history of strong work ethic and dedication to service and Mr. Dutton exemplifies these qualities. When Bruce was born 100 years ago, homesteaders were settling homes and setting up communities across Mon-tana, carving out a living from the land. His parents, Bruce and Margaret, had a family homestead between Mosby and Sand Springs, MT. When Bruce’s mother, Margaret, felt it was nearing time for her to give birth, she traveled over 20 miles to Mrs. McDougal’s neighboring homestead for help. Mrs. McDougal provided her dugout for Mar-garet where she gave birth to Bruce, the third of seven children. Bruce did not lack for education on the homestead. The Dutton family even provided boarding for teachers who traveled from as far as Idaho to serve the local school. When a proper teacher was not available, a local high school graduate would fill in. After eighth grade, he took a break from school to help on the family ranch, but was still able to learn algebra. When he returned to school, Bruce traveled over 200 miles to stay with an aunt and uncle in Great Falls for high school but returned closer to home to finish school while ranching sheep. On July 25, 1942, Bruce traveled over 300 miles to Butte, Montana to enlist in the Army where he served a variety of duties. While training in Texas, Bruce worked for a local rancher buck-ing hay on the weekends. As the end of his duty approached, Bruce wrote his father asking if he was needed at home. If he was needed at home, he wanted his father to know he could elect to terminate his service early. His father did, in fact, call him home, and Bruce forfeited $75.00 of separation pay to ter-minate his military service early and return to Montana. With a $2,000 bank loan to buy sheep, Bruce committed to his own sheep business with his brother, Joe. His per-sistence and hard work continued to pay off when—as he says, through pure determination—he convinced Daisy, a teacher in Winnett, to marry him and devoted his life to his family, the com-munity, and the work of lambing, docking, and sheering sheep. Today his legacy is the present-day Cat Creek Cattle Company Ranch near Cat Creek. Bruce and Daisy raised two children, continued to be involved in the community serving as Garfield County commissioner, working on the Weede State Grazing District Board, and the Sage Hen Grazing District Board, as a Mason and a Shriner. Now, on his 100th year, Bruce is part of a generation of Montanans who have witnessed incredible advancements in our State and our Nation. From the homestead dugout near Melstone, to his military service, a man on the moon, we owe much to his generation. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING MARGARET MARIE M
CISAAC ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today we honor the life and legacy of an out-standing individual, Margaret Marie McIsaac, whose passing signifies a great loss to the State of Nevada. I send my condolences and prayers to Mrs. McIsaac’s family in this time of mourning. She was a woman truly committed to her family, friends, and community. Although she will be sore-ly missed, her hard work and great in-fluence in Nevada will be felt for years to come. Margaret was born in Winsor, NC, but moved several different times before establishing herself in Sparks, NV. While in Sparks, Margaret was soon ac-knowledged throughout Washoe Coun-ty as a defender of Republican values and principles, as well as a true Amer-ican patriot. Margaret was also a prominent personality in the Washoe Republican Women, WRW, volunteer group. In addition to being one of northern Nevada’s prized Republican supporters, Margaret dedicated much of her time to American veterans and their fami-lies after losing her beloved husband, Don, who was a steadfast Washoe Coun-ty conservative as well. After her hus-band’s death, many thought Margaret’s dedication to her fellow Republicans would simmer, but she continued to fight for her beliefs and truly made a difference in several key elections throughout the Silver State. Margaret was such an inspiring and kind woman, and I am honored to have known her. She was also an incredibly valuable resource to conservative ef-forts across our State, and her devout loyalty to me and several other elected officials in Nevada is truly inspiring. Margaret’s joyful disposition was infec-tious, and I was proud to call such a committed supporter my friend. I extend my deepest gratitude for all of her work on behalf of our State. Margaret’s years of service will be re-membered for generations to come. Our State is fortunate to have had a public servant of such commitment and un-wavering devotion, and I am deeply ap-preciative of Margaret’s invaluable contributions to Nevada. Today I join citizens across Nevada in celebrating the life of a truly dedi-cated and inspirational woman, Mar-garet Marie McIsaac.∑ f 
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE DE-VELOPMENT ASSOCIATION OF NORTHERN NEVADA’S 10TH ANNI-VERSARY ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 10th anniversary of an important entity to Nevada, the Commercial Real Estate Development Association, NAIOP, of northern Ne-vada. I am proud to honor this NAIOP chapter and its contributions that make such a significant impact on the commercial real estate industry in northern Nevada. NAIOP commissioned a chapter in northern Nevada in October of 2006. Since then, NAIOP of northern Nevada has continuously assisted Nevadans striving to succeed in the commercial real estate business. Specifically, the northern Nevada chapter provides ben-eficial business and educational re-sources to its members, as well as a critical networking program that en-ables NAIOP members to connect with each other all throughout the United States. The northern Nevada chapter has 15 board of directors, as well as several different committees that consist of a chairperson and other NAIOP mem-bers. These committees perform spe-cific tasks that work toward NAIOP’s overall vision and are crucially impor-tant to the growth and success north-ern Nevadans experience firsthand. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.056 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5842 September 15, 2016 
In light of the chapter’s 10th anniver-sary celebration, I would like to recog-nize the individuals who will be hon-ored for their hard work and dedication to the chapter, including Scott Shanks, Michael Dermody, Scott Beggs, Bill Miles, Brad Woodring, Marc Markwell, Brandon Page, Dave Howard, Doug Roberts, and Paul Kinne. Our State has truly benefited from these hard-work-ing individuals, and I am thankful for their leadership and the great work they are doing for businesses through-out northern Nevada. Over the past decade, NAIOP of northern Nevada has demonstrated strong dedication to the great State of Nevada’s business and real estate com-munity. Without the determination and persistence of those who estab-lished this chapter, northern Nevada would not have seen the excellent growth we see today. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in congratulating NAIOP of northern Nevada on its 10th anniver-sary. This institution has advanced Ne-vada’s real estate industry, and I am honored to recognize this important milestone. I wish NAIOP of northern Nevada well in all of its future endeav-ors and in creating greater opportuni-ties in Nevada.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:34 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5226. An act to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relating to pend-ing agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes. H.R. 5351. An act to prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. H.R. 5620. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5226. An act to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relating to pend-ing agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5620. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 3326. A bill to give States the authority to provide temporary access to affordable private health insurance options outside of Obamacare exchanges. f MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 3348. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require can-didates of major parties for the office of President to disclose recent tax return infor-mation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2058. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to maintain and operate at least one Doppler weather radar site within 55 miles of each city in the United States that has a population of more than 700,000 individ-uals, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 351). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2616. A bill to modify certain cost-shar-ing and revenue provisions relating to the Arkansas Valley Conduit, Colorado (Rept. No. 114–352). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: S. 2902. A bill to provide for long-term water supplies, optimal use of existing water supply infrastructure, and protection of ex-isting water rights (Rept. No. 114–353). By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, without amendment: S. 3155. A bill to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the excep-tion to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Lucy Haeran Koh, of California, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Florence Y. Pan, of the District of Colum-bia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO: S. 3332. A bill to provide appropriate infor-mation to Federal law enforcement and in-telligence agencies, pursuant to inves-tigating terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 3333. A bill to provide for the disposal of certain Bureau of Land Management land in Mohave County, Arizona, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. MCCAIN, and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 3334. A bill to establish a procedure for resolving claims to certain rights-of-way; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 3335. A bill to require reporting regard-ing certain drug price increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. K IRK, and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 3336. A bill to provide arsenal installa-tion; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. J
OHNSON ): S. 3337. A bill to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Fed-eral employees traveling on official Govern-ment business, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. B
EN-
NET): S. 3338. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to encourage small busi-nesses to enroll their employees in retire-ment savings options, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. M
CCAIN: S. 3339. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the increase in the income threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. KIRK: S. 3340. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into contracts with fu-neral homes to ensure the expeditious and respectful provision of burial and funeral services for indigent, deceased veterans and remains of deceased veterans that are un-claimed, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 3341. A bill to establish and strengthen projects that defray the cost of related in-struction associated with pre-apprenticeship and apprenticeship programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 3342. A bill to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3343. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to provide a grant to assist Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies in the rapid recovery of missing in-dividuals; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3344. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to encourage innovation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. K
IRK): S. 3345. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:04 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\S15SE6.REC S15SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5843 September 15, 2016 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 3346. A bill to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. R EED): S. 3347. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require certain creditors to obtain certifi-cations from institutions of higher edu-cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. K
AINE, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M
URPHY , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 3348. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require can-didates of major parties for the office of President to disclose recent tax return infor-mation; read the first time. By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 3349. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to improve career and technical education opportunities for adult learners, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 3350. A bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties re-lating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. P ORTMAN ): S. Res. 560. A resolution designating Octo-ber 30, 2016, as a national day of remem-brance for nuclear weapons program work-ers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. B
OXER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R
EED, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. R EID, and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 561. A resolution supporting efforts to increase competition and accountability in the health insurance marketplace, and to extend accessible, quality, affordable health care coverage to every American through the choice of a public insurance plan; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K ING, Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. Res. 562. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of October 9, 2016, through October 15, 2016, as ‘‘Earth Science Week’’; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MCCAIN: S. Res. 563. A resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign countries to intensify efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 564. A resolution condemning North Korea’s fifth nuclear test on September 9, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. H ELLER , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. Res. 565. A resolution designating the week beginning September 12, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): S. Res. 566. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month, commending domes-tic violence victim advocates, domestic vio-lence victim service providers, crisis hotline staff, and first responders serving victims of domestic violence for their compassionate support of victims of domestic violence, and expressing the sense of the Senate that Con-gress should continue to support efforts to end domestic violence and hold perpetrators of domestic violence accountable; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. E NZI, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. C
OCHRAN ): S. Res. 567. A resolution designating the week beginning October 16, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Character Counts Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , and Mr. C OONS ): S. Res. 568. A resolution recognizing the in-valuable contributions of the towing and re-covery industry in the United States, the International Towing & Recovery Hall of Fame & Museum, towing associations around the world, and the members of those towing associations and designating the week of September 9 through 15, 2016, as ‘‘National Towing Industry Awareness Week’’; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. R
ISCH, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. U
DALL , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. K ING, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. K IRK, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. E NZI, and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. Res. 569. A resolution recognizing No-vember 26, 2016, as ‘‘Small Business Satur-day’’ and supporting the efforts of the Small Business Administration to increase aware-ness of the value of locally owned small busi-nesses; considered and agreed to. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide for 12-month continuous enroll-ment under Medicaid and the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 689, a bill to provide pro-tections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain med-ical services in a secondary State. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1411 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1411, a bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allow-ance payable to a former President, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1605 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1605, a bill to amend the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 to authorize concurrent compacts for pur-poses of regional economic integration and cross-border collaborations, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.022 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5844 September 15, 2016 
S. 1804 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1804, a bill to eliminate the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection by re-pealing title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, commonly known as the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010. 
S. 2253 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2253, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide vet-erans affected by closures of edu-cational institutions certain relief and restoration of educational benefits, and for other purposes. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the railroad track main-tenance credit. 
S. 2612 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2612, a bill to ensure United States ju-risdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border secu-rity initiatives. 
S. 2615 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2615, a bill to increase competi-tion in the pharmaceutical industry. At the request of Ms. C
OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2615, supra. 
S. 2645 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2645, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2726 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2726, a bill to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes. 
S. 2759 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2759, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide a nonrefundable credit for working family caregivers. S. 2763 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2763, a bill to provide the vic-tims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to re-cover works of art confiscated or mis-appropriated by the Nazis. 
S. 2803 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2803, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to deposit certain funds into the general fund of the Treasury in accordance with provi-sions of Federal law with regard to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s Transitional Reinsurance Pro-gram. 
S. 2979 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2979, a bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to require candidates of major par-ties for the office of President to dis-close recent tax return information. 
S. 3073 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3073, a bill to establish a commission to ensure a suitable ob-servance of the centennial of the pas-sage and ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Con-stitution providing for women’s suf-frage, and for other purposes. 
S. 3124 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3124, a bill to require U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to take into custody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or se-rious bodily injury of another person, and for other purposes. 
S. 3155 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3155, a bill to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to for-eign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. 
S. 3164 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3164, a bill to provide protection for survivors of domestic violence or sexual assault under the Fair Housing Act. 
S. 3179 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. KIRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3179, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve and ex-tend the credit for carbon dioxide se-questration. 
S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 3198, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. 
S. 3245 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Sen-ator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3245, a bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to ex-tend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse spe-cialist programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3270 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3270, a bill to pre-vent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploi-tation cases. 
S. 3292 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3292, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to make the Post-master General the importer of record for the non-letter class mail and to re-quire the provision of advance elec-tronic information about shipments of non-letter class mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and for other purposes. 
S. 3296 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3296, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an exemp-tion to the individual mandate to maintain health coverage for individ-uals residing in counties with fewer than 2 health insurance issuers offering plans on an Exchange. 
S. 3297 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3297, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide an exemption to the individual mandate to maintain health coverage for certain individuals whose premium has increased by more than 10 percent, and for other purposes. 
S. 3308 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.024 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5845 September 15, 2016 
(Mr. L ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3308, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit prescription drug plan spon-sors and MA–PD organizations under the Medicare program from retro-actively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies. 
S. 3311 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3311, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt individuals whose health plans under the Con-sumer Operated and Oriented Plan pro-gram have been terminated from the individual mandate penalty. 
S. CON. RES. 30 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 30, a concurrent resolution expressing concern over the disappear-ance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 552 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 552, a resolution commemo-rating the fifteenth anniversary of NATO’s invocation of Article V to de-fend the United States following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. K
IRK): S. 3345. A bill to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evans-ton, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3345 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ABNER J. MIKVA POST OFFICE BUILD-ING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. R EED): S. 3347. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require certain creditors to obtain certifications from institu-tions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this has been a big week in Chicago and the Midwest, in fact, across the country, as some 35,000 students who attended ITT Tech have finally come to realize that school is closing and many of them have to assess now what their lives will be from this point forward. In my hometown of Springfield, IL, there was a large sign in the local shopping mall ‘‘ITT Tech,’’ and I used to drive by and look at it, thinking: I know how this story is going to end, and it will not be good. It turns out some 750 students signed up at this for-profit college in the State of Illinois and, as I mentioned, many outside the State, and many of them were fleeced, literally. In this situation, they offered them an associate’s degree at the ITT Tech campus at the White Oaks Mall in Springfield. There were several courses, one in communications, an-other one in computers. The tuition charged at ITT Tech for a 2-year associate’s degree was $47,000. If those same students got in their cars and drove 15 minutes away, they would have been at Lincoln Land Community College. The same course is offered not for $47,000 for a 2-year career degree but less than $7,000. These students did not know better. They thought they were in good hands. They signed up for these loans, and now the school has disappeared. It dis-appeared after more than a dozen at-torneys general around the United States started suing ITT Tech for its practices: recruiting students who were not ready for college, misleading them about the courses that were being of-fered, and overcharging them on their loans. It is currently being sued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Securities and Exchange Com-mission. This is not the first major for- profit college to go down. Corinthian was an early casualty. I am sorry to say that I think others will follow. It bears repeating that when we take a look at this industry, the for-profit college industry, we are looking at the most heavily subsidized private for- profit companies in the United States of America. For many of these compa-nies, over 90 percent of their revenue sources come from the Federal Treas-ury in the form of Pell grants and di-rect government loans. They take the money from the government through the students. The students end up with the debt to pay off and many times, if they can stick with the course, a worthless diploma or certificate. Why are we letting this happen? Why are we letting American families work hard to send their kids to college, only to be exploited by schools that are thinly veiled machines for taking money away from these poor students and saddling them with debt? Why aren’t we speaking out? Well, sadly, the for-profit college and university in-dustry in America has friends in high places. When the time comes, they hire some of the most effective lobbyists in Washington on both political sides to push for their agenda and to keep them in business. It is understandable. They take millions of dollars out of these op-erations. They end up with salaries for CEOs that are higher for their so-called university presidents than any univer-sity president in America. We let it happen. The Congress lets it happen. The government lets it happen. It is time for a new day and some new thinking. The 2016–2017 school year has begun. Millions of students across the country are walking onto college campuses, and they are excited about their opportunities. Many of these stu-dents know they are going to have to take out loans to finance their edu-cation and will end up owing the gov-ernment thousands of dollars. We know that student debt is now larger than credit card debt. It is over $1 trillion. That means that students and their families across America are deeply indebted for higher education. If you are getting a good education out of it, something that really changes your life for the better and gives you new opportunities, the argument can be made. But, sadly, in many cases stu-dents don’t receive the education they were promised. And at the end of the day whether these students owe money to the government or to private lend-ers, makes a big difference. A lot of students—19, 20 years old— really don’t understand the magnitude of the debt they are incurring. We know that two-thirds of students who take out private education loans really don’t understand the terms of those loans, the interest rates of those loans, and how they compare with govern-ment loans. They don’t understand that in many cases, private student loans are significantly more expensive and riskier. Federal student loans have fixed, af-fordable interest rates. They have a va-riety of consumer protections built into them: forbearance in times of eco-nomic difficulty; manageable repay-ment options, such as income-based re-payment plans which calculate your monthly student loan payment based on your income. On the other hand, private student loans don’t have these protections and offer interest rates that are some of the highest in the land, up to 18 per-cent. These private loans also don’t in-clude repayment options that Federal loans do. I have heard from many pri-vate education loan borrowers that their lender is unwilling to work with them when it comes to alternative re-payment plans. They are harassed by collection agencies night and day when they owe these private student loans. In many cases, private lenders are more focused on their own bottom line than the students’ welfare. This past summer, the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau took action against Wells Fargo Bank—one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.025 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5846 September 15, 2016 
largest private student lenders—for il-legal student loan servicing practices. Wells Fargo charged borrowers illegal fees, failed to provide borrowers with accurate loan information, and failed to correct inaccurate credit reports. Upon being caught, Wells Fargo was fined $3.6 million and is required to re-fund borrowers who were illegally charged. While I commend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau for their work to hold private student lenders accountable, there are steps we in Con-gress should take to make sure stu-dents have a fighting chance. Today, Senators F
RANKEN , REED, and I will introduce the Know Before You Owe Private Education Loan Act of 2016. This legislation requires school certification before a student can take out a private loan. There are certain steps the school has to take before cer-tifying a loan. The prospective bor-rower’s school has to confirm the stu-dent’s enrollment status, cost of at-tendance, and estimated Federal finan-cial aid assistance before certifying. The school must also notify students of the amount of unused Federal student aid for which they are still eligible. Think about that. Some of these schools are luring students into more expensive, terrible private loans when the students are still eligible for lower interest rates and better terms through the Federal Government. I have heard too many stories of for-profit colleges steering students into these private in-stitutional loans. This bill will help stop that. The bill will also ensure that stu-dents are given information about the differences in terms and repayment op-tions. For students who still decide to get a private student loan, the bill re-quires private lenders to send the stu-dent borrowers quarterly updates on their balance, accrued interest, and capitalized interest. The bill also requires private lenders to annually report the number of stu-dents taking out private loans, the amount of the loans, and the interest rates—all of these to be reported to the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. Currently, there is little informa-tion publicly available about private student loans. Increasing the amount of available information will help pol-icymakers and enforcement agencies more effectively protect students and their families. Here are a few of the organizations supporting our bill: the Institute for College Access and Success, National Association for College Admission Counseling, National Consumer Law Center, Consumer Action, National As-sociation of Student Financial Aid Ad-ministrators, National Association of Consumer Advocates, Consumers Union, the American Association of University Women, the American Fed-eration of Teachers. Loan certification for private edu-cation loans could keep many students from taking on unnecessary debt or un-knowingly giving up the benefits and protections of Federal student loans. It is an important part of making college more affordable. I thank Senators FRANKEN and J ACK REED for standing with me in this effort. I sincerely hope that this Congress, which is now coming to a close before the election, will take up this question of student loans when we return after the election. I know we only have a few weeks, but if you ask working families across America what concerns them greatly, it is the amount of debt kids are incurring to go to college. In some families, mom and dad have never been to college, and sending their son or daughter off to a university is a dream come true. It can turn into a night-mare if they end up at for-profit col-leges and universities. I put on the Record the last time I spoke—and I will put it on again—the basic numbers to know about the for- profit college and university industry. Ten percent of all college students at-tend these schools, schools such as the University of Phoenix, DeVry, Kaplan, and Rasmussen. You know the names. Ten percent of the students end up in these schools, but when it comes to student loan defaults, 40 percent of the student loan defaults are students from for-profit colleges and universities. Students are dramatically overcharged for tuition. They are put into courses that are worthless, and they end up with maybe a certificate or a diploma that cannot even land them a job. Another statistic that I think is shameful—and it really should be a re-minder to Members of the Senate of our responsibility—the Department of Education analyzed programs at for- profit colleges and found that 72 per-cent of for-profit college graduates, on average, make less money than high school dropouts—72 percent. After all that time, all that debt, all those promises, they make less money than if they dropped out of high school. How can we continue to subsidize this in-dustry after what we know about their performance? We need to hold them to higher standards. In the meantime, let’s find a way to protect students and working families who are trying to realize the American dream, make this a better nation, and provide a better life for themselves and their families. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3347 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Know Before You Owe Private Education Loan Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO THE TRUTH IN LEND-ING ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 128(e) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(e)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) INSTITUTIONAL CERTIFICATION RE -
QUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), before a creditor may issue any funds with respect to an extension of credit described in this subsection, the creditor shall obtain from the relevant insti-tution of higher education where such loan is to be used for a student, such institution’s certification of— ‘‘(i) the enrollment status of the student; ‘‘(ii) the student’s cost of attendance at the institution as determined by the institu-tion under part F of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965; and ‘‘(iii) the difference between— ‘‘(I) such cost of attendance; and ‘‘(II) the student’s estimated financial as-sistance, including such assistance received under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 and other financial assistance known to the institution, as applicable. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), a creditor may issue funds with respect to an extension of credit de-scribed in this subsection without obtaining from the relevant institution of higher edu-cation such institution’s certification if such institution fails to provide within 15 business days of the creditor’s request for such cer-tification— ‘‘(i) the requested certification; or ‘‘(ii) notification that the institution has received the request for certification and will need additional time to comply with the certification request. ‘‘(C) L
OANS DISBURSED WITHOUT CERTIFI -
CATION .—If a creditor issues funds without obtaining a certification, as described in sub-paragraph (B), such creditor shall report the issuance of such funds in a manner deter-mined by the Director of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection.’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (10), (11), and (12), re-spectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(9) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO STU -
DENTS .— ‘‘(i) L
OAN STATEMENT .—A creditor that issues any funds with respect to an extension of credit described in this subsection shall send loan statements, where such loan is to be used for a student, to borrowers of such funds not less than once every 3 months dur-ing the time that such student is enrolled at an institution of higher education. ‘‘(ii) C
ONTENTS OF LOAN STATEMENT .—Each statement described in clause (i) shall— ‘‘(I) report the borrower’s total remaining debt to the creditor, including accrued but unpaid interest and capitalized interest; ‘‘(II) report any debt increases since the last statement; and ‘‘(III) list the current interest rate for each loan. ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION OF LOANS DISBURSED  
WITHOUT CERTIFICATION .—On or before the date a creditor issues any funds with respect to an extension of credit described in this subsection, the creditor shall notify the rel-evant institution of higher education, in writing, of the amount of the extension of credit and the student on whose behalf credit is extended. The form of such written notifi-cation shall be subject to the regulations of the Bureau. ‘‘(C) A
NNUAL REPORT .—A creditor that issues funds with respect to an extension of credit described in this subsection shall pre-pare and submit an annual report to the Bu-reau containing the required information about private student loans to be determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.033 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5847 September 15, 2016 
by the Bureau, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Education.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF PRIVATE EDUCATION  L
OAN.—Section 140(a)(7)(A) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(a)(7)(A)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); (2) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by adding after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) is not made, insured, or guaranteed under title VII or title VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 292 et seq. and 296 et seq.); and’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 365 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall issue regulations in final form to im-plement paragraphs (3) and (9) of section 128(e) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(e)), as amended by subsection (a). Such regulations shall become effective not later than 6 months after their date of issuance. 
SEC. 3. AMENDMENT TO THE HIGHER EDU-CATION ACT OF 1965. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO THE HIGHER EDUCATION  A
CT OF 1965.—Section 487(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (28) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(28)(A) The institution shall— ‘‘(i) upon the request of a private edu-cational lender, acting in connection with an application initiated by a borrower for a pri-vate education loan in accordance with sec-tion 128(e)(3) of the Truth in Lending Act, provide certification to such private edu-cational lender— ‘‘(I) that the student who initiated the ap-plication for the private education loan, or on whose behalf the application was initi-ated, is enrolled or is scheduled to enroll at the institution; ‘‘(II) of such student’s cost of attendance at the institution as determined under part F of this title; and ‘‘(III) of the difference between— ‘‘(aa) the cost of attendance at the institu-tion; and ‘‘(bb) the student’s estimated financial as-sistance received under this title and other assistance known to the institution, as ap-plicable; and ‘‘(ii) provide the certification described in clause (i), or notify the creditor that the in-stitution has received the request for certifi-cation and will need additional time to com-ply with the certification request— ‘‘(I) within 15 business days of receipt of such certification request; and ‘‘(II) only after the institution has com-pleted the activities described in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) The institution shall, upon receipt of a certification request described in subpara-graph (A)(i), and prior to providing such cer-tification— ‘‘(i) determine whether the student who initiated the application for the private edu-cation loan, or on whose behalf the applica-tion was initiated, has applied for and ex-hausted the Federal financial assistance available to such student under this title and inform the student accordingly; and ‘‘(ii) provide the borrower whose loan ap-plication has prompted the certification re-quest by a private education lender, as de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i), with the fol-lowing information and disclosures: ‘‘(I) The amount of additional Federal stu-dent assistance for which the borrower is eli-gible and the potential advantages of Fed-eral loans under this title, including disclo-sure of the fixed interest rates, deferments, flexible repayment options, loan forgiveness programs, and additional protections, and the higher student loan limits for dependent students whose parents are not eligible for a Federal Direct PLUS Loan. ‘‘(II) The borrower’s ability to select a pri-vate educational lender of the borrower’s choice. ‘‘(III) The impact of a proposed private education loan on the borrower’s potential eligibility for other financial assistance, in-cluding Federal financial assistance under this title. ‘‘(IV) The borrower’s right to accept or re-ject a private education loan within the 30- day period following a private educational lender’s approval of a borrower’s application and about a borrower’s 3-day right to cancel period. ‘‘(C) For purposes of this paragraph, the terms ‘private educational lender’ and ‘pri-vate education loan’ have the meanings given such terms in section 140 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the effective date of the regulations de-scribed in section 2(c). 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than 24 months after the issuance of regulations under section 2(c), the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and the Secretary of Education shall jointly submit to Congress a report on the compliance of institutions of higher edu-cation and private educational lenders with section 128(e)(3) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(e)), as amended by section 2, and section 487(a)(28) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(a)), as amended by section 3. Such report shall in-clude information about the degree to which specific institutions utilize certifications in effectively encouraging the exhaustion of Federal student loan eligibility and lowering student private education loan debt. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 3349. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 to improve career and technical education opportunities for adult learners, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am proud to introduce the Career and Technical Education for Adult Learners or the CTE for All Act with my colleague, Senator B
ALDWIN . Our legislation addresses the critical need to expand educational opportuni-ties for working adults with low aca-demic skills. A Department of Edu-cation update of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Develop-ment, OECD, 2013 Survey of Adult Skills confirms that a significant num-ber of working adults in the United States have low literacy, numeracy, and digital problem solving skills. Spe-cifically, 14 percent have low literacy skills; 23 percent have low numeracy skills; and 62 percent have low digital problem solving skills. Moreover, the skills gap has no age barrier as half of low skilled working adults are under the age of 45. Our ability to accelerate the eco-nomic momentum we have seen in the latest income data from the U.S. Cen-sus Bureau will depend, in large part, on our commitment to providing edu-cation and training opportunities to low-skilled adults. These workers are concentrated in fields such as construc-tion, health care, manufacturing, and hospitality. Expanding career and tech-nical education opportunities to these workers could enhance their career op-portunities and strengthen their earn-ing potential, fueling economic produc-tivity and growth for the future. Unfor-tunately, according to the U.S. Depart-ment of Education, roughly half of low- skilled workers are not engaged in for-mal or non-formal learning opportuni-ties. The CTE for All Act aims to change that by ensuring that there are pathways for adult learners in career and technical education programs. Specifically, our legislation will en-sure that programs funded under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act are aligned with adult education programs and industry sec-tor partnerships authorized under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. The CTE for All Act will require that the state director for adult edu-cation is consulted in the development of the statewide plan for career and technical education. The bill adds low- skilled adults to the special popu-lations to be served in career and tech-nical education programs and will allow states to report separate per-formance indicators for adult career and technical education students. The legislation would also allow adult edu-cation providers that offer integrated education and training programs to re-ceive career and technical education funding. Additionally, the legislation encourages career and technical edu-cation programs to include work expe-riences for their students. We have worked with the adult edu-cation community and other stake-holders in developing this legislation. We are pleased to have the support of the National Council of State Directors of Adult Education, the Commission on Adult Basic Education, the National Skills Coalition, the Center for Law and Social Policy, CLASP, and the Na-tional Council of Adult Learning. We are stronger as a nation when every person—no matter their starting point—has the opportunity to develop their skills and reach their potential. The CTE for All Act will strengthen the ladder of opportunity for low- skilled adults who work hard every day to provide for their families. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and work with us to include these pro-visions in the reauthorization of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 560—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 30, 2016, AS A NATIONAL DAY OF REMEM-BRANCE FOR NUCLEAR WEAP-ONS PROGRAM WORKERS Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.029 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5848 September 15, 2016 
Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 560 Whereas, since World War II, hundreds of thousands of men and women, including ura-nium miners, millers, and haulers, have served the United States by building nuclear weapons for the defense of the United States; Whereas dedicated workers paid a high price for developing a nuclear weapons pro-gram at the service, and for the benefit of, the United States, including by developing disabling or fatal illnesses; Whereas the Senate recognized the con-tributions, services, and sacrifices that those patriotic men and women made for the de-fense of the United States in— (1) Senate Resolution 151, 111th Congress, agreed to May 20, 2009; (2) Senate Resolution 653, 111th Congress, agreed to September 28, 2010; (3) Senate Resolution 275, 112th Congress, agreed to September 26, 2011; (4) Senate Resolution 519, 112th Congress, agreed to August 1, 2012; (5) Senate Resolution 164, 113th Congress, agreed to September 18, 2013; (6) Senate Resolution 417, 113th Congress, agreed to July 9, 2014; and (7) Senate Resolution 213, 114th Congress, agreed to September 25, 2015; Whereas a national day of remembrance time capsule has been crossing the United States, collecting stories and artifacts of nu-clear weapons program workers relating to the nuclear defense era of the United States, and a remembrance quilt has been con-structed to memorialize the contribution of those workers; Whereas the stories and artifacts reflected in the time capsule and the remembrance quilt reinforce the importance of recognizing nuclear weapons program workers; and Whereas those patriotic men and women deserve to be recognized for the contribu-tions, services, and sacrifices they made for the defense of the United States: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates October 30, 2016, as a na-tional day of remembrance for the nuclear weapons program workers of the United States, including the uranium miners, mil-lers, and haulers; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to support and participate in appro-priate ceremonies, programs, and other ac-tivities to commemorate October 30, 2016, as a national day of remembrance for past and present workers in the nuclear weapons pro-gram of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 561—SUP-PORTING EFFORTS TO INCREASE COMPETITION AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY IN THE HEALTH INSUR-ANCE MARKETPLACE, AND TO EXTEND ACCESSIBLE, QUALITY, AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE COVERAGE TO EVERY AMERICAN THROUGH THE CHOICE OF A PUBLIC INSURANCE PLAN Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. B
OXER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. CASEY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. R
EID, and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions: 
S. R ES. 561 Whereas under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Affordable Care Act’’), 20,000,000 Americans have gained health insurance coverage, in-cluding 11,000,000 Americans that have cov-erage through the public exchanges created by that Act; Whereas the uninsured rate is at its lowest point in history, but there is more work to be done to provide access to coverage for Americans that remain uninsured, and to re-duce deductibles and out-of-pocket costs for the 31,000,000 Americans who are currently underinsured; Whereas before the date of enactment of the Affordable Care Act, millions of individ-uals with preexisting conditions were denied health coverage by insurance companies that controlled who received health care in the United States; Whereas profound disparities persist in health outcomes based on race, ethnicity, and geography, and nearly 4,000,000 adults, disproportionately people of color, lack cov-erage as a result of the failure of 19 States to expand the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) under the Affordable Care Act; Whereas public insurance options for work-ers’ compensation insurance have resulted in lower rates for small businesses and more competition in several States; Whereas giving all Americans the choice of a public, nonprofit health insurance option would— (1) lead to increased competition and re-duced premiums; (2) cut wasteful spending on administra-tion, marketing, and executive pay; and (3) ensure that consumers have the afford-able choices they deserve; Whereas establishing a State-based public health insurance plan is possible through the use of State innovation waivers established by the Affordable Care Act, which allow States to promote unique, creative, and in-novative approaches to implementing mean-ingful health care reform, including a public option; Whereas public programs such as the Medi-care program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) often de-liver care more cost-effectively by limiting administrative overhead and securing better prices from providers; and Whereas the Congressional Budget Office has found that a public health insurance op-tion would save taxpayers billions of dollars: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports efforts to build on the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) by ensuring that, in addition to the health coverage options provided by private insurers, every American has access to a public health insurance option, which, when established, will— (1) strengthen competition; (2) improve affordability for families by re-ducing premiums and increasing choices; and (3) save American taxpayers billions of dol-lars. SENATE RESOLUTION 562—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR DES-IGNATION OF THE WEEK OF OC-TOBER 9, 2016, THROUGH OCTO-BER 15, 2016, AS ‘‘EARTH SCIENCE WEEK’’ Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K ING, Mr. M AR-
KEY, and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 562 Whereas 2016 marks the 19th annual inter-national Earth Science Week, designated by the American Geosciences Institute to help the public gain a better understanding of and appreciation for the Earth sciences and to encourage stewardship of the Earth; Whereas the theme of Earth Science Week for 2016, ‘‘Our Shared Geoheritage’’, pro-motes better understanding and appreciation of sites or areas with geologic features of sig-nificant scientific, educational, cultural, his-toric, or aesthetic value; Whereas the study of the Earth sciences leads to an improved understanding of the Earth’s natural systems and the interplay between human society and those systems; Whereas the Earth sciences enable the dis-covery, development, and responsible pro-duction of the mineral base of the United States, which contributes to the strength of the economy of the United States and raises the standard of living in the United States; Whereas geologic mapping and remote sensing technologies provide the foundational knowledge of Earth’s natural systems that is integral— (1) to the discovery, development, and con-servation of energy, water, and natural re-sources; and (2) to the safe disposal of waste products; Whereas the geological aspects of re-sources, hazards, and the environment are vital to land management and land use deci-sions at the local, State, regional, national, and international levels; Whereas the Earth sciences provide the basis for locating, assessing, monitoring, and mitigating natural hazards, such as earth-quakes, landslides, floods, droughts, wildfires, subsidence, hurricanes, coastal erosion, and volcanic eruptions; Whereas the Earth sciences are vital in protecting health and human safety during natural hazards events; Whereas Earth scientists working in ma-rine environments contribute to the under-standing of global oceans, enabling advances in food management, national security, en-ergy resources, transportation, economic growth, and recreation; Whereas the Earth sciences support the ability to manage healthy and productive soils and ocean and river waters and fish-eries, the foundations of the food supply of the United States; Whereas the Earth sciences enhance under-standing of current and past global condi-tions and offer a basis for anticipating future conditions; Whereas the Earth sciences contribute to understanding Earth as a planet in the solar system and the universe; Whereas Earth science research leads to the development of innovative new tech-nologies and industries that fuel the econ-omy of the United States and improve qual-ity of life in the United States; Whereas Earth science researchers and educators drive creativity and passion for the Science, Technology, Engineering, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.031 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5849 September 15, 2016 
Mathematics (commonly known as ‘‘STEM’’) fields among students of all ages through di-verse and innovative education and public outreach efforts; Whereas geoscientists and researchers in the labs, universities, research institutions, and Federal agencies of the United States continually push the frontiers of human knowledge, help develop and incubate the concepts and programs that keep the compa-nies and industries of the United States at the innovative forefront of the world’s econ-omy, and inspire future generations of re-searchers, scientists, and informed citizens; and Whereas the Earth sciences make vital contributions to an understanding of and re-spect for nature and the Earth: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of the week of October 9, 2016, through October 15, 2016, as ‘‘Earth Science Week’’; (2) expresses strong support for the goals and ideals of Earth Science Week to increase the understanding of and interest in the Earth sciences at the local, State, national, and international levels; (3) recognizes the importance of education and public outreach efforts to ensure that the people of the United States gain a better understanding of and appreciation for the impact of the Earth sciences on their daily lives; (4) encourages K-12 students— (A) to participate in local, State, and na-tional events in connection with Earth Science Week; and (B) to get involved in the celebration of Earth Science Week by exploring artistic and academic applications of the Earth sciences; and (5) encourages the people of the United States to observe Earth Science Week with appropriate activities— (A) to gain a better understanding of and appreciation for the Earth sciences; and (B) to encourage stewardship of the Earth. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 563—CALL-ING ON THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE, OTHER ELEMENTS OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, AND FOREIGN COUNTRIES TO IN-TENSIFY EFFORTS TO INVES-TIGATE, RECOVER, AND IDEN-TIFY ALL MISSING AND UNAC-COUNTED-FOR PERSONNEL OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. M
CCAIN submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 563 Whereas more than 83,000 personnel of the United States are still unaccounted-for around the world from past wars and con-flicts; Whereas, though recognizing that an esti-mated 50,000 of these World War II personnel, were lost deep at sea and are unlikely ever to be recovered, thousands of families and friends have waited decades for the account-ing of their loved ones and comrades in arms; Whereas the families of these brave Ameri-cans deserve our nation’s best efforts to achieve the fullest possible accounting for their missing loved ones; Whereas the National League of POW/MIA Families, and their iconic POW/MIA flag, pi-oneered the accounting effort since 1970 and has been joined in this humanitarian quest for answers by the Korean War, Cold War and World War II families, fully supported by the American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Disabled American Veterans, Jew-ish War Veterans, AMVETS, Vietnam Vet-erans of America, Special Forces Associa-tion, Special Operations Association, Rolling Thunder, and other more recently formed groups, and thousands of families are yearn-ing and advocating for answers concerning the fates of their loved ones and comrades in arms; Whereas the mission of the Defense POW/ MIA Accounting Agency of the Department of Defense is to provide the fullest possible accounting for missing members of the Armed Forces of the United States, des-ignated civilians of the Department, and other designated personnel; and Whereas the recovery and investigation teams of the Department of Defense deploy to countries around the world to account as fully as possible for these missing and other-wise unaccounted-for personnel of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) calls upon the Defense POW/MIA Ac-counting Agency and other elements of the Department of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and all foreign countries to intensify efforts to investigate, recover, identify and account as fully as pos-sible for all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States around the world; and (2) calls upon all foreign countries with in-formation on missing personnel of the United States, or with missing personnel of the United States within their territories, to cooperate fully with the Government of the United States to provide the fullest possible accounting for all missing personnel of the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 564—CON-DEMNING NORTH KOREA’S FIFTH NUCLEAR TEST ON SEPTEMBER 9, 2016 Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 564 Whereas the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea (DPRK) conducted its fifth nuclear test on September 9, 2016, in Punggye-ri, North Hamgyong Province; Whereas North Korea’s nuclear test on September 9th, the second nuclear test this year, follows an unprecedented campaign of ballistic missile launches, which the Govern-ment of North Korea claims are intended to serve as delivery vehicles for nuclear weap-ons targeting the United States and United States allies South Korea and Japan; Whereas North Korea continues to test nu-clear weapons and intercontinental and sub-marine-launched ballistic missiles, which pose a major threat to the United States and United States allies and partners in Asia and around the world; Whereas the Government of North Korea’s belligerent behavior has been in direct defi-ance of United Nations Security Council Res-olutions 1718 (adopted October 14, 2006), 1874 (adopted June 12, 2009), 2087 (adopted Janu-ary 22, 2013), 2094 (adopted March 7, 2013), and 2270 (adopted March 2, 2016) and the non-pro-liferation regime; Whereas the United Nations Security Council strongly condemned North Korea’s nuclear test and expressed its willingness to begin to work immediately on appropriate measures under Article 41 in a United Na-tions Security Council Resolution after its meeting on September 10, 2016; Whereas President Barack Obama stated in response to the nuclear test that ‘‘far from achieving its stated national security and economic development goals, North Korea’s provocative and destabilizing actions have instead served to isolate and impoverish its people through its relentless pursuit of nu-clear weapons and ballistic missile capabili-ties’’; Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry stated in response to the nuclear test that ‘‘the D.P.R.K.’s repeated and willful viola-tions of its obligations under U.N. Security Council Resolutions, its belligerent and er-ratic threats, and web of illicit activities around the world indicate it has no interest in participating in global affairs as a respon-sible member of the international commu-nity’’; Whereas United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power stated in explanation of the vote on United Nations Security Council Resolution 2270 that ‘‘the chronic suffering of the people of North Korea is the direct result of the choices made by the DPRK government, a govern-ment that has consistently prioritized its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile pro-grams over providing for the most basic needs of its own people . . . the North Ko-rean government would rather grow its nu-clear weapons program than grow its chil-dren’’; Whereas Republic of Korea President Park Geun-hye stated, in response to the nuclear test, ‘‘North Korea’s nuclear test, already the second this year, cannot be regarded as anything else but a direct defiance against the international community . . . the nu-clear threat posed by North Korea is an ur-gent and present threat. Accordingly, our and the international community’s response too should now be completely different from before.’’; Whereas Congress passed the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act (NKSPEA) on February 18, 2016 (Public Law 114–122); Whereas NKSPEA imposes mandatory sanctions on individuals who contribute to North Korea’s nuclear program, proliferation activities, malicious cyberattacks, and human rights abuses; Whereas, on June 1 2016, the Department of the Treasury designated North Korea as a ‘‘primary money laundering concern’’ under section 5318A of title 31, United States Code; Whereas, on July 6, 2016, the Department of the Treasury designated top officials of the North Korean regime, including North Ko-rean leader Kim Jong Un, ten other individ-uals, and five entities, for their role as per-petrators of human rights abuses in North Korea; and Whereas additional measures to further curtail North Korea’s access to international financial markets, further impede trade that benefits the Government of North Korea, government and party officials, and military entities, and freeze assets of North Korean officials are available both through already authorized unilateral United States policy, including secondary sanctions on entities that facilitate trade with North Korea and designations for actions which undermine cybersecurity, and through the United Na-tions Security Council: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the North Korean regime for continuing its dangerous provocations, fo-cusing solely on the advancement of its nu-clear and missile capabilities while violating the human rights of its people; (2) calls on the North Korean regime to im-mediately and unconditionally meet its obli-gation to abandon its nuclear weapons and missile programs in a complete, verifiable, and irreversible manner; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.033 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5850 September 15, 2016 
(3) calls on China to exercise its significant economic and diplomatic leverage over the DPRK, including through the aggressive en-forcement of existing United Nations Secu-rity Council resolutions, in order to halt North Korea’s illegal nuclear and missile programs; (4) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to defending allies in the re-gion, including through deployment of a Ter-minal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) battery to the Republic of Korea and joint United States-Japan efforts to develop the next generation of missile defense intercep-tors, including the Standard Missile 3; (5) reinforces longstanding United States commitments to provide extended deter-rence, guaranteed by the full spectrum of United States defense capabilities, to the Re-public of Korea and Japan; (6) supports ongoing efforts to strengthen the United States-Republic of Korea alli-ance, to protect the 28,500 members of the United States Armed Forces stationed on the Korean Peninsula, and to defend the alliance against any and all provocations committed by the North Korean regime; and (7) calls on all members of the United Na-tions Security Council to take immediate action to pass additional and meaningful new measures under Article 41 of the United Nations Charter, including— (A) stricter measures to eliminate excep-tions in current United Nation Security Council resolution sanctions; (B) further restrictions on imports and ex-ports of such sectoral commodities as coal, iron, and precious metals and the prohibition on fuel oil exports to North Korea; (C) elimination of access for entities in-volved in North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile programs to international financial markets and banking; (D) restrictions on the use of North Korean subcontractors in global supply chains, par-ticularly in the textile and apparel industry; (E) restrictions on the supply of aviation fuel and a ban on civilian aviation; (F) a ban on bulk cash transfers to and from North Korea; (G) prevention of the use of North Korean labor in third-country projects and agree-ments; and (H) a downgrading of North Korean diplo-matic representation. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 565—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING SEPTEMBER 12, 2016, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL HISPANIC-SERVING IN-STITUTIONS WEEK’’ Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. H ELLER , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. H EIN-
RICH) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 565 Whereas Hispanic-Serving Institutions are degree-granting institutions that have a full- time equivalent undergraduate enrollment of not less than 25 percent Hispanic students; Whereas Hispanic-Serving Institutions play an important role in educating many underprivileged students and helping those students attain their full potential through higher education; Whereas more than 400 Hispanic-Serving Institutions operate in the United States; Whereas Hispanic-Serving Institutions rep-resent just 13 percent of all non-profit insti-tutions of higher education, yet serve more than 63 percent of all Hispanic under-graduate students, enrolling more than 1,750,000 Hispanic undergraduate students and more than 86,000 Hispanic graduate stu-dents in 2014; Whereas the number of ‘‘emerging His-panic-Serving Institutions’’, defined as insti-tutions that do not yet meet the threshold of 25 percent Hispanic enrollment but serve a Hispanic student population of between 15 and 24 percent, grew to more than 300 col-leges and universities in 2014; Whereas Hispanic-Serving Institutions are located in 18 States and Puerto Rico and emerging Hispanic-Serving Institutions are located in 33 States and Washington, DC; Whereas Hispanic-Serving Institutions are actively involved in stabilizing and improv-ing the communities in which the institu-tions are located; Whereas celebrating the vast contributions of Hispanic-Serving Institutions to the United States strengthens the culture of the United States; and Whereas the achievements and goals of Hispanic-Serving Institutions deserve na-tional recognition: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the achievements and goals of Hispanic-Serving Institutions across the United States; (2) designates the week beginning Sep-tember 12, 2016, as ‘‘National Hispanic-Serv-ing Institutions Week’’; and (3) calls on the people of the United States and interested groups to observe National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week with ap-propriate ceremonies, activities, and pro-grams to demonstrate support for Hispanic- Serving Institutions. f SENATE RESOLUTION 566—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH, COMMENDING DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE VICTIM ADVOCATES, DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIM SERV-ICE PROVIDERS, CRISIS HOTLINE STAFF, AND FIRST RESPONDERS SERVING VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE FOR THEIR COMPAS-SIONATE SUPPORT OF VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE, AND EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT CONGRESS SHOULD CONTINUE TO SUPPORT EFFORTS TO END DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE AND HOLD PERPETRA-TORS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE ACCOUNTABLE Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 566 Whereas domestic violence victim advo-cates, domestic violence service providers, domestic violence first responders, and other individuals in the United States observe the month of October, 2016, as ‘‘National Domes-tic Violence Awareness Month’’ in order to increase awareness in the United States about the issue of domestic violence; Whereas it is estimated that each year ap-proximately 12,673,000 individuals in the United States are victims of intimate part-ner violence, including— (1) physical violence; (2) rape; or (3) stalking; Whereas more than 1 in 5 women in the United States and up to 1 in 7 men in the United States have experienced severe phys-ical violence by an intimate partner; Whereas, on average, 3 women are killed by a current or former intimate partner every day in the United States, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics; Whereas personal safety and economic se-curity are often inextricably linked for vic-tims of domestic violence, according to the National Network to End Domestic Violence; Whereas 1 in 11 women and 1 in 21 men who have experienced sexual violence, physical violence, or stalking by an intimate partner missed work or school as a result of the abuse; Whereas the National Domestic Violence Counts Census found that during 1 day dur-ing September 2015, more than 71,828 victims of domestic violence received services, but 12,197 requests for services went unmet due to a lack of funding and resources; Whereas domestic violence affects women, men, and children of every age and back-ground, but women— (1) experience more domestic violence than men; and (2) are significantly more likely than men to be injured during an assault by an inti-mate partner; Whereas women aged 18 to 34 typically ex-perience the highest rates of intimate part-ner violence, according to the Bureau of Jus-tice Statistics; Whereas most female victims of intimate partner violence have been victimized by the same offender previously; Whereas domestic violence is cited as a significant factor in homelessness among families; Whereas research shows that households in which children are abused or neglected are likely to have a higher rate of intimate part-ner violence; Whereas millions of children are exposed to domestic violence each year; Whereas victims of domestic violence expe-rience immediate and long-term negative outcomes, including detrimental effects on mental and physical health; Whereas crisis hotlines serving domestic violence operate 24 hours per day, 365 days per year, and offer important— (1) crisis intervention; (2) support; (3) information; and (4) referrals for victims; Whereas staff and volunteers of domestic violence shelters and programs in the United States, in cooperation with 56 State and ter-ritorial coalitions against domestic violence, serve— (1) thousands of adults and children each day; and (2) at least 1,000,000 adults and children each year; Whereas law enforcement officers in the United States put their lives at risk each day by responding to incidents of domestic violence, which can be among the most vola-tile and deadly disturbance calls; Whereas Congress first demonstrated a sig-nificant commitment to supporting victims of domestic violence through the landmark enactment of the Family Violence Preven-tion and Services Act (42 U.S.C. 10401 et seq.); Whereas Congress has remained committed to protecting survivors of all forms of domes-tic violence and sexual abuse by making Federal funding available to support the ac-tivities that are authorized under— (1) the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act (42 U.S.C. 10401 et seq.); and (2) the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925 et seq.); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.034 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5851 September 15, 2016 
Whereas there is a need to continue to sup-port programs and activities aimed at do-mestic violence intervention and domestic violence prevention in the United States; and Whereas individuals and organizations that are dedicated to preventing and ending do-mestic violence should be recognized: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate supports the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Domestic Violence Awareness Month’’; and (2) it is the sense of the Senate that Con-gress should— (A) continue to raise awareness of domes-tic violence in the United States and the cor-responding devastating effects of domestic violence on survivors, families, and commu-nities; and (B) pledge continued support for programs designed— (i) to assist survivors; (ii) to hold perpetrators accountable; and (iii) to bring an end to domestic violence. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 567—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING OCTOBER 16, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL CHARACTER COUNTS WEEK’’ Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. E NZI, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. C
OCHRAN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 567 Whereas the well-being of the United States requires that the young people of the United States become an involved, caring citizenry of good character; Whereas the character education of chil-dren has become more urgent, as violence by and against youth increasingly threatens the physical and psychological well-being of the people of the United States; Whereas, more than ever, children need strong and constructive guidance from their families and their communities, including schools, youth organizations, religious insti-tutions, and civic groups; Whereas the character of a nation is only as strong as the character of its individual citizens; Whereas the public good is advanced when young people are taught the importance of good character and the positive effects that good character can have in personal relation-ships, in school, and in the workplace; Whereas scholars and educators agree that people do not automatically develop good character and that, therefore, conscientious efforts must be made by institutions and in-dividuals that influence youth to help young people develop the essential traits and char-acteristics that comprise good character; Whereas, although character development is, first and foremost, an obligation of fami-lies, the efforts of faith communities, schools, and youth, civic, and human service organizations also play an important role in fostering and promoting good character; Whereas Congress encourages students, teachers, parents, youth, and community leaders to recognize the importance of char-acter education in preparing young people to play a role in determining the future of the United States; Whereas effective character education is based on core ethical values, which form the foundation of a democratic society; Whereas examples of character are trust-worthiness, respect, responsibility, fairness, caring, citizenship, and honesty; Whereas elements of character transcend cultural, religious, and socioeconomic dif-ferences; Whereas the character and conduct of youth reflect the character and conduct of society, and, therefore, every adult has the responsibility to teach and model ethical values and every social institution has the responsibility to promote the development of good character; Whereas Congress encourages individuals and organizations, especially those that have an interest in the education and training of the young people of the United States, to adopt the elements of character as intrinsic to the well-being of individuals, commu-nities, and society; Whereas many schools in the United States recognize the need, and have taken steps, to integrate the values of their communities into teaching activities; and Whereas the establishment of ‘‘National Character Counts Week’’, during which indi-viduals, families, schools, youth organiza-tions, religious institutions, civic groups, and other organizations focus on character education, is of great benefit to the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning October 16, 2016, as ‘‘National Character Counts Week’’; and (2) calls upon the people of the United States and interested groups— (A) to embrace the elements of character identified by local schools and communities, such as trustworthiness, respect, responsi-bility, fairness, caring, and citizenship; and (B) to observe the week with appropriate ceremonies, programs, and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 568—RECOG-NIZING THE INVALUABLE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE TOWING AND RECOVERY INDUSTRY IN THE UNITED STATES, THE INTERNATIONAL TOWING & RE-COVERY HALL OF FAME & MU-SEUM, TOWING ASSOCIATIONS AROUND THE WORLD, AND THE MEMBERS OF THOSE TOWING ASSOCIATIONS AND DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF SEP-TEMBER 9 THROUGH 15, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL TOWING INDUSTRY AWARENESS WEEK’’ Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 568 Whereas, in 1916, Ernest Holmes built the first twin boom wrecker in Chattanooga, Tennessee, for use in his own garage and later agreed to build and sell the units to others; Whereas the first production wreckers were known as ‘‘680’s’’ because they cost $680; Whereas, in service to the United States, the Ernest Holmes Company supplied the W– 45 military wrecker for use during World War II; Whereas, in 1959, the Ernest Holmes Com-pany patented its first tow sling and car dolly; Whereas, in the early 1970’s, Gerald Holmes built the first hydraulic towing equipment, an advancement in the industry; Whereas, in 1995, the International Towing & Recovery Hall of Fame & Museum (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Museum’’) was established in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the birthplace of the tow truck; Whereas, in 2003, the Museum, having out-grown its original home, moved to 3315 Broad Street in Chattanooga; Whereas, in 2006, the Museum officially dedicated the Wall of the Fallen, the first monument in the industry to honor towing operators killed in the line of service; Whereas, in the United States, there are more than 35,000 tow companies and hun-dreds of thousands of individuals employed in the towing industry, including tow truck operators, dispatchers, safety advisors, and owners; Whereas more than 1 tow truck operator is killed every 6 days assisting motorists on the roadways of the United States; Whereas tow truck operators respond to nearly 15,000,000 accidents per year across the United States; Whereas tow truck operators are an indis-pensable part of keeping the United States moving by keeping the highways of the United States clear and open for travel; Whereas most highway crashes require as-sistance from tow truck operators; and Whereas the people of the United States have a duty to drive safely and be courteous toward fellow motorists on the roadways as the people of the United States work to-gether toward the common goal of reducing fatal accidents: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 100th anniversary of the tow truck; (2) designates the week of September 9 through 15, 2016, as ‘‘National Towing Indus-try Awareness Week’’, to be held in conjunc-tion with the International Towing & Recov-ery Hall of Fame & Museum Hall of Fame In-duction Ceremony and the Wall of the Fallen ceremony, each of which is held annually at the International Towing & Recovery Hall of Fame & Museum in Chattanooga, Tennessee; and (3) encourages the people of the United States— (A) to observe the move over and slow down laws in the United States; and (B) to join in the worthy observance of Na-tional Towing Industry Awareness Week. f SENATE RESOLUTION 569—RECOG-NIZING NOVEMBER 26, 2016, AS ‘‘SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY’’ AND SUPPORTING THE EFFORTS OF THE SMALL BUSINESS AD-MINISTRATION TO INCREASE AWARENESS OF THE VALUE OF LOCALLY OWNED SMALL BUSI-NESSES Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. R ISCH, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. K
ING, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. K IRK, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. E NZI, and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 569 Whereas there are 28,773,992 small busi-nesses in the United States; Whereas small businesses represent 99.7 percent of all businesses with employees in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.039 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5852 September 15, 2016 
Whereas small businesses employ more than 49 percent of the employees in the pri-vate sector in the United States; Whereas small businesses pay more than 42 percent of the total payroll of the employees in the private sector in the United States; Whereas small businesses constitute 97.7 percent of firms exporting goods; Whereas small businesses are responsible for more than 46 percent of private sector output; Whereas small businesses generated 63 per-cent of net new jobs created during the past 20 years; Whereas 87 percent of consumers in the United States agree that the success of small businesses is critical to the overall economic health of the United States; Whereas 89 percent of consumers in the United States agree that small businesses contribute positively to local communities by supplying jobs and generating tax rev-enue; Whereas 93 percent of consumers in the United States agree that it is important to support the small businesses in their com-munities; and Whereas November 26, 2016, is an appro-priate day to recognize ‘‘Small Business Sat-urday’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate joins with the Small Business Administration in— (1) recognizing and encouraging the observ-ance of ‘‘Small Business Saturday’’ on No-vember 26, 2016; and (2) supporting efforts— (A) to encourage consumers to shop lo-cally; and (B) to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small businesses and the im-pact of locally owned small businesses on the economy of the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5074. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE  (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to con-struct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. SA 5075. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, supra. SA 5076. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, supra. SA 5077. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, supra. SA 5078. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2494, to support global anti-poaching ef-forts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, des-ignate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5074. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for him-self and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION DAKO-TAS AREA OFFICE PERMIT FEES FOR CABINS AND TRAILERS. 
During the period ending 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall not increase the permit fee for a cabin or trailer on land in the State of North Dakota administered by the Dako-tas Area Office of the Bureau of Reclamation by more than 33 percent of the permit fee that was in effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. lll. USE OF TRAILER HOMES AT HEART BUTTE DAM AND RESERVOIR (LAKE TSCHIDA). 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DDITION .—The term ‘‘addition’’ means any enclosed structure added onto the struc-ture of a trailer home that increases the liv-ing area of the trailer home. (2) C
AMPER OR RECREATIONAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘camper or recreational vehicle’’ in-cludes— (A) a camper, motorhome, trailer camper, bumper hitch camper, fifth wheel camper, or equivalent mobile shelter; and (B) a recreational vehicle. (3) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘‘imme-diate family’’ means a spouse, grandparent, parent, sibling, child, or grandchild. (4) P
ERMIT .—The term ‘‘permit’’ means a permit issued by the Secretary authorizing the use of a lot in a trailer area. (5) P
ERMIT YEAR .—The term ‘‘permit year’’ means the period beginning on April 1 of a calendar year and ending on March 31 of the following calendar year. (6) P
ERMITTEE .—The term ‘‘permittee’’ means a person holding a permit. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (8) T
RAILER AREA .—The term ‘‘trailer area’’ means any of the following areas at Heart Butte Dam and Reservoir (Lake Tschida) (as described in the document of the Bureau of Reclamation entitled ‘‘Heart Butte Res-ervoir Resource Management Plan’’ (March 2008)): (A) Trailer Area 1 and 2, also known as Management Unit 034. (B) Southside Trailer Area, also known as Management Unit 014. (9) T
RAILER HOME .—The term ‘‘trailer home’’ means a dwelling placed on a sup-porting frame that— (A) has or had a tow-hitch; and (B) is made mobile, or is capable of being made mobile, by an axle and wheels. (b) P
ERMIT RENEWAL AND PERMITTED USE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the same permit renewal process for trailer area permits as the Secretary uses for other permit renewals in other reservoirs in the State of North Dakota administered by the Dakotas Area Office of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. (2) T
RAILER HOMES .—With respect to a trailer home, a permit for each permit year shall authorize the permittee— (A) to park the trailer home on the lot; (B) to use the trailer home on the lot; (C) to physically move the trailer home on and off the lot; and (D) to leave on the lot any addition, deck, porch, entryway, step to the trailer home, propane tank, or storage shed. (3) CAMPERS OR RECREATIONAL VEHICLES .— With respect to a camper or recreational ve-hicle, a permit shall, for each permit year— (A) from April 1 to October 31, authorize the permittee— (i) to park the camper or recreational vehi-cle on the lot; (ii) to use the camper or recreational vehi-cle on the lot; and (iii) to move the camper or recreational ve-hicle on and off the lot; and (B) from November 1 to March 31, require a permittee to remove the camper or rec-reational vehicle from the lot. (c) R
EMOVAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire removal of a trailer home from a lot in a trailer area if the trailer home is flooded after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
EMOVAL AND NEW USE .—If the Sec-retary requires removal of a trailer home under paragraph (1), on request by the per-mittee, the Secretary shall authorize the permittee— (A) to replace the trailer home on the lot with a camper or recreational vehicle in ac-cordance with this section; or (B) to place a trailer home on the lot from April 1 to October 31. (d) T
RANSFER OF PERMITS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF TRAILER HOME TITLE .—If a permittee transfers title to a trailer home permitted on a lot in a trailer area, the Sec-retary shall issue a permit to the transferee, under the same terms as the permit applica-ble on the date of transfer, subject to the conditions described in paragraph (3). (2) T
RANSFER OF CAMPER OR RECREATIONAL  
VEHICLE TITLE .—If a permittee who has a per-mit to use a camper or recreational vehicle on a lot in a trailer area transfers title to the interests of the permittee on or to the lot, the Secretary shall issue a permit to the transferee, subject to the conditions de-scribed in paragraph (3). (3) C
ONDITIONS .—A permit issued by the Secretary under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be subject to the following conditions: (A) A permit may not be held in the name of a corporation. (B) A permittee may not have an interest in, or control of, more than 1 seasonal trailer home site in the Great Plains Region of the Bureau of Reclamation, inclusive of sites lo-cated on tracts permitted to organized groups on Reclamation reservoirs. (C) Not more than 2 persons may be per-mittees under 1 permit, unless— (i) approved by the Secretary; or (ii) the additional persons are immediate family members of the permittees. (e) A
NCHORING REQUIREMENTS FOR TRAILER  H
OMES .—The Secretary shall require compli-ance with appropriate anchoring require-ments for each trailer home (including addi-tions to the trailer home) and other objects on a lot in a trailer area, as determined by the Secretary, after consulting with permit-tees. (f) R
EPLACEMENT , REMOVAL , ANDRETURN .— (1) R
EPLACEMENT .—Permittees may replace their trailer home with another trailer home. (2) R
EMOVAL AND RETURN .—Permittees may— (A) remove their trailer home; and (B) if the permittee removes their trailer home under subparagraph (A), return the trailer home to the lot of the permittee. (g) L
IABILITY ; TAKING .— (1) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for flood damage to the personal property of a permittee or for damages aris-ing out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to a lot to which a permit applies, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.041 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5853 September 15, 2016 
other than for damages caused by an act or omission of the United States or an em-ployee, agent, or contractor of the United States before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
AKING .—Any temporary flooding or flood damage to the personal property of a permittee shall not be a taking by the United States. 
SA 5075. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for him-self and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in section 5001 (re-lating to deauthorizations), insert the fol-lowing: (l) N
EWSAVANNAH BLUFF LOCK AND DAM, G
EORGIA AND SOUTH CAROLINA .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) N
EW SAVANNAH BLUFF LOCK AND DAM .— The term ‘‘New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam’’ has the meaning given the term in section 348(l)(1) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act). (B) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘Project’’ means the project for navigation, Savannah Harbor expansion, Georgia, authorized by section 7002(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1364). (2) D
EAUTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam is deauthorized; and (ii) notwithstanding section 348( l)(2)(B) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630; 114 Stat. 2763A–228) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act) or any other provision of law, the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam shall not be conveyed to the city of North Augusta and Aiken County, South Carolina, or any other non-Federal entity. (B) R
EPEAL .—Section 348 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2630; 114 Stat. 2763A–228) is amended— (i) by striking subsection (l); and (ii) by redesignating subsections (m) and (n) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively. (3) P
ROJECT MODIFICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Project is modi-fied to include, as the Secretary determines to be necessary— (i)(I) repair of the lock wall of the New Sa-vannah Bluff Lock and Dam and modifica-tion of the structure such that the structure is able— (aa) to maintain the pool for navigation, water supply, and recreational activities, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (bb) to allow safe passage via a rock ramp over the structure to historic spawning grounds of Shortnose sturgeon, Atlantic sturgeon, and other migratory fish; or (II)(aa) construction at an appropriate lo-cation across the Savannah River of a rock weir that is able to maintain the pool for water supply and recreational activities, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (bb) removal of the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam on completion of construction of the weir; and (ii) conveyance by the Secretary to Au-gusta-Richmond County, Georgia, of the park and recreation area adjacent to the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam, without consideration. (B) OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE COSTS .— The Federal share of the costs of operation and maintenance of any Project feature con-structed pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be 100 percent. 
SA 5076. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for him-self and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike section 6009 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 6009. YAZOO BASIN, MISSISSIPPI. 
The authority of the Secretary to carry out the project for flood damage reduction, bank stabilization, and sediment and erosion control known as the ‘‘Yazoo Basin, Mis-sissippi, Mississippi Delta Headwater Project, MS’’, authorized by title I of Public Law 98–8 (97 Stat. 22), as amended, shall not be limited to watersheds referenced in re-ports accompanying appropriations bills for previous fiscal years. 
SA 5077. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4979 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. I NHOFE (for him-self and Mrs. B
OXER )) to the bill S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and de-velopment of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE IX—BLACKFEET WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT ACT 
SEC. 9001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act’’. 
SEC. 9002. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this title are— (1) to achieve a fair, equitable, and final settlement of claims to water rights in the State of Montana for— (A) the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet In-dian Reservation; and (B) the United States, for the benefit of the Tribe and allottees; (2) to authorize, ratify, and confirm the water rights compact entered into by the Tribe and the State, to the extent that the Compact is consistent with this title; (3) to authorize and direct the Secretary of the Interior— (A) to execute the Compact; and (B) to take any other action necessary to carry out the Compact in accordance with this title; and (4) to authorize funds necessary for the im-plementation of the Compact and this title. 
SEC. 9003. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
LLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘allottee’’ means any individual who holds a beneficial real property interest in an allotment of Indian land that is— (A) located within the Reservation; and (B) held in trust by the United States. (2) BIRCH CREEK AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Birch Creek Agreement’’ means— (A) the agreement between the Tribe and the State regarding Birch Creek water use dated January 31, 2008 (as amended on Feb-ruary 13, 2009); and (B) any amendment or exhibit (including exhibit amendments) to that agreement that is executed in accordance with this title. (3) B
LACKFEET IRRIGATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Blackfeet Irrigation Project’’ means the irrigation project authorized by the mat-ter under the heading ‘‘MONTANA’’ of title II of the Act of March 1, 1907 (34 Stat. 1035, chapter 2285), and administered by the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs. (4) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘‘Compact’’ means— (A) the Blackfeet-Montana water rights compact dated April 15, 2009, as contained in section 85–20–1501 of the Montana Code Anno-tated (2015); and (B) any amendment or exhibit (including exhibit amendments) to the Compact that is executed to make the Compact consistent with this title. (5) E
NFORCEABILITY DATE .—The term ‘‘en-forceability date’’ means the date described in section 9020(f). (6) L
AKE ELWELL .—The term ‘‘Lake Elwell’’ means the water impounded on the Marias River in the State by Tiber Dam, a feature of the Lower Marias Unit of the Pick-Sloan Missouri River Basin Program authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665). (7) M
ILK RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘‘Milk River Basin’’ means the North Fork, Middle Fork, South Fork, and main stem of the Milk River and tributaries, from the head-waters to the confluence with the Missouri River. (8) M
ILK RIVER PROJECT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Milk River Project’’ means the Bureau of Reclamation project conditionally approved by the Sec-retary on March 14, 1903, pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), commencing at Lake Sherburne Reservoir and providing water to a point approxi-mately 6 miles east of Nashua, Montana. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Milk River Project’’ includes— (i) the St. Mary Unit; (ii) the Fresno Dam and Reservoir; and (iii) the Dodson pumping unit. (9) M
ILK RIVER PROJECT WATER RIGHTS .— The term ‘‘Milk River Project water rights’’ means the water rights held by the Bureau of Reclamation on behalf of the Milk River Project, as finally adjudicated by the Mon-tana Water Court. (10) M
ILK RIVER WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘Milk River water right’’ means the portion of the Tribal water rights described in arti-cle III.F of the Compact and this title. (11) M
ISSOURI RIVER BASIN .—The term ‘‘Missouri River Basin’’ means the hydro-logic basin of the Missouri River (including tributaries). (12) MR&I 
SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘MR&I Sys-tem’’ means the intake, treatment, pumping, storage, pipelines, appurtenant items, and any other feature of the system, as generally described in the document entitled ‘‘Black-feet Regional Water System’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated June 2010, and modi-fied by DOWL HKM, as set out in the adden-dum to the report dated March 2013. (13) OM&R.—The term ‘‘OM&R’’ means— (A) any recurring or ongoing activity asso-ciated with the day-to-day operation of a project; (B) any activity relating to scheduled or unscheduled maintenance of a project; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.042 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5854 September 15, 2016 
(C) any activity relating to replacing a fea-ture of a project. (14) R
ESERVATION .—The term ‘‘Reserva-tion’’ means the Blackfeet Indian Reserva-tion of Montana, as— (A) established by the Treaty of October 17, 1855 (11 Stat. 657); and (B) modified by— (i) the Executive Order of July 5, 1873 (re-lating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (ii) the Act of April 15, 1874 (18 Stat. 28, chapter 96); (iii) the Executive order of August 19, 1874 (relating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (iv) the Executive order of April 13, 1875 (relating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (v) the Executive order of July 13, 1880 (re-lating to the Blackfeet Reserve); (vi) the Agreement with the Blackfeet, ratified by the Act of May 1, 1888 (25 Stat. 113, chapter 213); and (vii) the Agreement with the Blackfeet, ratified by the Act of June 10, 1896 (29 Stat. 353, chapter 398). (15) S
T. MARY RIVER WATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘St. Mary River water right’’ means that portion of the Tribal water rights de-scribed in article III.G.1.a.i. of the Compact and this title. (16) S
T. MARY UNIT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘St. Mary Unit’’ means the St. Mary Storage Unit of the Milk River Project authorized by Con-gress on March 25, 1905. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘St. Mary Unit’’ includes— (i) Sherburne Dam and Reservoir; (ii) Swift Current Creek Dike; (iii) Lower St. Mary Lake; (iv) St. Mary Canal Diversion Dam; and (v) St. Mary Canal and appurtenances. (17) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (18) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Montana. (19) S
WIFTCURRENT CREEK BANK STABILIZA -
TION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project’’ means the project to mitigate the physical and en-vironmental problems associated with the St. Mary Unit from Sherburne Dam to the St. Mary River, as described in the report en-titled ‘‘Boulder/Swiftcurrent Creek Sta-bilization Project, Phase II Investigations Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 2012. (20) T
RIBAL WATER RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘Tribal water rights’’ means the water rights of the Tribe described in article III of the Compact and this title, including— (A) the Lake Elwell allocation provided to the Tribe under section 9009; and (B) the instream flow water rights de-scribed in section 9019. (21) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Res-ervation of Montana. 
SEC. 9004. RATIFICATION OF COMPACT. 
(a) R ATIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As modified by this title, the Compact is authorized, ratified, and con-firmed. (2) A
MENDMENTS .—Any amendment to the Compact is authorized, ratified, and con-firmed, to the extent that such amendment is executed to make the Compact consistent with this title. (b) E
XECUTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Compact does not conflict with this title, the Secretary shall execute the Compact, includ-ing all exhibits to, or parts of, the Compact requiring the signature of the Secretary. (2) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Nothing in this title precludes the Secretary from approving any modification to an appendix or exhibit to the Compact that is consistent with this title, to the extent that the modification does not otherwise require congressional approval under section 2116 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177) or any other applicable provision of Federal law. (c) ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the Com-pact and this title, the Secretary shall com-ply with all applicable provisions of— (A) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (B) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (C) all other applicable environmental laws and regulations. (2) E
FFECT OF EXECUTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The execution of the Compact by the Secretary under this section shall not constitute a major Federal action for purposes of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall carry out all Federal compliance activities necessary to implement the Compact and this title. 
SEC. 9005. MILK RIVER WATER RIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With respect to the Milk River water right, the Tribe— (1) may continue the historical uses and the uses in existence on the date of enact-ment of this title; and (2) except as provided in article III.F.1.d of the Compact, shall not develop new uses until the date on which— (A) the Tribe has entered into the agree-ment described in subsection (c); or (B) the Secretary has established the terms and conditions described in subsection (e). (b) W
ATER RIGHTS ARISING UNDER STATE  L
AW.—With respect to any water rights aris-ing under State law in the Milk River Basin owned or acquired by the Tribe, the Tribe— (1) may continue any use in existence on the date of enactment of this title; and (2) shall not change any use until the date on which— (A) the Tribe has entered into the agree-ment described in subsection (c); or (B) the Secretary has established the terms and conditions described in subsection (e). (c) T
RIBAL AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Commissioner of Reclamation and the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community shall enter into an agreement to provide for the exercise of their respective water rights on the respective reservations of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community in the Milk River. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The agreement en-tered into under paragraph (1) shall take into consideration— (A) the equal priority dates of the 2 Indian tribes; (B) the water supplies of the Milk River; and (C) historical, current, and future uses identified by each Indian tribe. (d) S
ECRETARIAL DETERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the agreement de-scribed in subsection (c) is submitted to the Secretary, the Secretary shall review and ap-prove or disapprove the agreement. (2) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove the agreement if the Secretary finds that the agreement— (A) equitably accommodates the interests of each Indian tribe in the Milk River; (B) adequately considers the factors de-scribed in subsection (c)(2); and (C) is otherwise in accordance with appli-cable law. (3) D
EADLINE EXTENSION .—The deadline to review the agreement described in paragraph (1) may be extended by the Secretary after consultation with the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community. (e) SECRETARIAL DECISION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community do not, by 3 years after the Secretary certifies under sec-tion 9020(f)(5) that the Tribal membership has approved the Compact and this title, enter into an agreement approved under sub-section (d)(2), the Secretary, in the Sec-retary’s sole discretion, shall establish, after consultation with the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community, terms and con-ditions that reflect the considerations de-scribed in subsection (c)(2) by which the re-spective water rights of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community in the Milk River may be exercised. (2) C
ONSIDERATION AS FINAL AGENCY AC -
TION.—The establishment by the Secretary of terms and conditions under paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a final agency ac-tion for purposes of review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. (3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—An action for judi-cial review pursuant to this section shall be brought by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of notification of the es-tablishment of the terms and conditions under this subsection. (4) I
NCORPORATION INTO DECREES .—The agreement under subsection (c), or the deci-sion of the Secretary under this subsection, shall be filed with the Montana Water Court, or the district court with jurisdiction, for in-corporation into the final decrees of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Commu-nity. (5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The agreement under subsection (c) and a decision of the Secretary under this subsection— (A) shall be effective immediately; and (B) may not be modified absent— (i) the approval of the Secretary; and (ii) the consent of the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community. (f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary shall dis-tribute equally the funds made available under section 9018(a)(2)(C)(ii) to the Tribe and the Fort Belknap Indian Community to use to reach an agreement under this sec-tion, including for technical analyses and legal and other related efforts. 
SEC. 9006. WATER DELIVERY THROUGH MILK RIVER PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall carry out the activities author-ized under this section with respect to the St. Mary River water right. (b) T
REATMENT .—Notwithstanding article IV.D.4 of the Compact, any responsibility of the United States with respect to the St. Mary River water right shall be limited to, and fulfilled pursuant to— (1) subsection (c) of this section; and (2) subsection (b)(3) of section 9016 and sub-section (a)(1)(C) of section 9018. (c) W
ATER DELIVERY CONTRACT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enforceability date, the Secretary shall enter into a water delivery contract with the Tribe for the delivery of not greater than 5,000 acre-feet per year of the St. Mary River water right through Milk River Project facilities to the Tribe or another en-tity specified by the Tribe. (2) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The contract under paragraph (1) shall establish the terms and conditions for the water deliveries de-scribed in paragraph (1) in accordance with the Compact and this title. (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The water delivery contract under paragraph (1) shall include provisions requiring that— (A) the contract shall be without limit as to term; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5855 September 15, 2016 
(B) the Tribe, and not the United States, shall collect, and shall be entitled to, all consideration due to the Tribe under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursuant to subsection (f); (C) the United States shall have no obliga-tion to monitor, administer, or account for— (i) any funds received by the Tribe as con-sideration under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursu-ant to subsection (f); or (ii) the expenditure of such funds; (D) if water deliveries under the contract are interrupted for an extended period of time because of damage to, or a reduction in the capacity of, St. Mary Unit facilities, the rights of the Tribe shall be treated in the same manner as the rights of other contrac-tors receiving water deliveries through the Milk River Project with respect to the water delivered under this section; (E) deliveries of water under this section shall be— (i) limited to not greater than 5,000 acre- feet of water in any 1 year; (ii) consistent with operations of the Milk River Project and without additional costs to the Bureau of Reclamation, including op-eration, maintenance, and replacement costs; and (iii) without additional cost to the Milk River Project water users; and (F) the Tribe shall be required to pay OM&R for water delivered under this section. (d) S
HORTAGE SHARING OR REDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The 5,000 acre-feet per year of water delivered under paragraph (3)(E)(i) of subsection (c) shall not be subject to shortage sharing or reduction, except as provided in paragraph (3)(D) of that sub-section. (2) N
O INJURY TO MILK RIVER PROJECT WATER  
USERS .—Notwithstanding article IV.D.4 of the Compact, any reduction in the Milk River Project water supply caused by the de-livery of water under subsection (c) shall not constitute injury to Milk River Project water users. (e) S
UBSEQUENT CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the studies au-thorized by section 9007(c)(1), the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Rec-lamation, and in cooperation with the Tribe, shall identify alternatives to provide to the Tribe water from the St. Mary River water right in quantities greater than the 5,000 acre-feet per year of water described in sub-section (c)(3)(E)(i). (2) C
ONTRACT FOR WATER DELIVERY .—If the Secretary determines under paragraph (1) that more than 5,000 acre-feet per year of the St. Mary River water right can be delivered to the Tribe, the Secretary shall offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with the Tribe for the delivery of that water, subject to the requirements of subsection (c)(3), except sub-section (c)(3)(E)(i), and this subsection. (3) T
REATMENT .—Any delivery of water under this subsection shall be subject to re-duction in the same manner as for Milk River Project contract holders. (f) S
UBCONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may enter into any subcontract for the delivery of water under this section to a third party, in ac-cordance with section 9015(e). (2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH OTHER LAW .—All sub- contracts described in paragraph (1) shall comply with— (A) this title; (B) the Compact; (C) the tribal water code; and (D) other applicable law. (3) N
O LIABILITY .—The Secretary shall not be liable to any party, including the Tribe, for any term of, or any loss or other det-riment resulting from, a lease, contract, or other agreement entered into pursuant to this subsection. (g) EFFECT OF PROVISIONS .—Nothing in this section— (1) precludes the Tribe from taking the water described in subsection (c)(3)(E)(i), or any additional water provided under sub-section (e), from the direct flow of the St. Mary River; or (2) modifies the quantity of the Tribal water rights described in article III.G.1 of the Compact. (h) O
THER RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding the requirements of article III.G.1.d of the Com-pact, after satisfaction of all water rights under State law for use of St. Mary River water, including the Milk River Project water rights, the Tribe shall have the right to the remaining portion of the share of the United States in the St. Mary River under the International Boundary Waters Treaty of 1909 (36 Stat. 2448) for any tribally authorized use or need consistent with this title. 
SEC. 9007. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION ACTIVITIES TO IMPROVE WATER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) M ILKRIVER PROJECT PURPOSES .—The purposes of the Milk River Project shall in-clude— (1) irrigation; (2) flood control; (3) the protection of fish and wildlife; (4) recreation; (5) the provision of municipal, rural, and industrial water supply; and (6) hydroelectric power generation. (b) U
SE OF MILKRIVER PROJECT FACILITIES  
FOR THE BENEFIT OF TRIBE.—The use of Milk River Project facilities to transport water for the Tribe pursuant to subsections (c) and (e) of section 9006, together with any use by the Tribe of that water in accordance with this title— (1) shall be considered to be an authorized purpose of the Milk River Project; and (2) shall not change the priority date of any Tribal water rights. (c) S
T. MARYRIVER STUDIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Tribe and the State, shall conduct— (A) an appraisal study— (i) to develop a plan for the management and development of water supplies in the St. Mary River Basin and Milk River Basin, in-cluding the St. Mary River and Milk River water supplies for the Tribe and the Milk River water supplies for the Fort Belknap In-dian Community; and (ii) to identify alternatives to develop ad-ditional water of the St. Mary River for the Tribe; and (B) a feasibility study— (i) using the information resulting from the appraisal study conducted under para-graph (1) and such other information as is relevant, to evaluate the feasibility of— (I) alternatives for the rehabilitation of the St. Mary Diversion Dam and Canal; and (II) increased storage in Fresno Dam and Reservoir; and (ii) to create a cost allocation study that is based on the authorized purposes described in subsections (a) and (b). (2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—On request of the Tribe, the Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement with the Tribe with respect to the portion of the appraisal study described in paragraph (1)(A). (3) C
OSTS NONREIMBURSABLE .—The cost of the studies under this subsection shall not be— (A) considered to be a cost of the Milk River Project; or (B) reimbursable in accordance with the reclamation laws. (d) S
WIFTCURRENT CREEK BANK STABILIZA -
TION.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall carry out appropriate activities concerning the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project, including— (A) a review of the final project design; and (B) value engineering analyses. (2) M
ODIFICATION OF FINAL DESIGN .—Prior to beginning construction activities for the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project, on the basis of the review conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ne-gotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes, if any, to the final design— (A) to ensure compliance with applicable industry standards; (B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project; and (C) to ensure that the Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project may be con-structed using only the amounts made avail-able under section 9018. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA .—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out the Swiftcurrent Bank Stabilization Project. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs incurred under this sec-tion. (f) M
ILK RIVER PROJECT RIGHTS -OF-WAY 
ANDEASEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Tribe shall grant the United States a right-of-way on Reservation land owned by the Tribe for all uses by the Milk River Project (permissive or otherwise) in existence as of December 31, 2015, including all facilities, flowage easements, and access easements necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Milk River Project. (2) A
GREEMENT REGARDING EXISTING USES .— The Tribe and the Secretary shall enter into an agreement for a process to determine the location, nature, and extent of the existing uses referenced in this subsection. The agree-ment shall require that— (A) a panel of 3 individuals determine the location, nature, and extent of existing uses necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Milk River Project (the ‘‘Panel Deter-mination’’), with the Tribe appointing 1 rep-resentative of the Tribe, the Secretary ap-pointing 1 representative of the Secretary, and those 2 representatives jointly appoint-ing a third individual; (B) if the Panel Determination is unani-mous, the Tribe grant a right-of-way to the United States for the existing uses identified in the Panel Determination in accordance with applicable law without additional com-pensation; (C) if the Panel Determination is not unan-imous— (i) the Secretary adopt the Panel Deter-mination with any amendments the Sec-retary reasonably determines necessary to correct any clear error (the ‘‘Interior Deter-mination’’), provided that if any portion of the Panel Determination is unanimous, the Secretary will not amend that portion; and (ii) the Tribe grant a right-of-way to the United States for the existing uses identified in the Interior Determination in accordance with applicable law without additional com-pensation, with the agreement providing for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5856 September 15, 2016 
the timing of the grant to take into consid-eration the possibility of review under para-graph (5). (3) E
FFECT .—Determinations made under this subsection— (A) do not address title as between the United States and the Tribe; and (B) do not apply to any new use of Reserva-tion land by the United States for the Milk River Project after December 31, 2015. (4) I
NTERIOR DETERMINATION AS FINAL AGEN -
CY ACTION .—Any determination by the Sec-retary under paragraph (2)(C) shall be consid-ered to be a final agency action for purposes of review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. (5) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—An action for judi-cial review pursuant to this section shall be brought by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of notification of the In-terior Determination. (g) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary shall not ex-ceed— (1) $3,800,000 to carry out subsection (c); (2) $20,700,000 to carry out subsection (d); and (3) $3,100,000 to carry out subsection (f). 
SEC. 9008. ST. MARY CANAL HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION. 
(a) B UREAU OF RECLAMATION JURISDIC -
TION.—Effective beginning on the date of en-actment of this title, the Commissioner of Reclamation shall have exclusive jurisdic-tion to authorize the development of hydro-power on the St. Mary Unit. (b) R
IGHTS OF TRIBE.— (1) E
XCLUSIVE RIGHT OF TRIBE .—Subject to paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Tribe shall have the ex-clusive right to develop and market hydro-electric power of the St. Mary Unit. (2) L
IMITATIONS .—The exclusive right de-scribed in paragraph (1)— (A) shall expire on the date that is 15 years after the date of enactment of an Act appro-priating funds for rehabilitation of the St. Mary Unit; but (B) may be extended by the Secretary at the request of the Tribe. (3) OM&R 
COSTS .—Effective beginning on the date that is 10 years after the date on which the Tribe begins marketing hydro-electric power generated from the St. Mary Unit to any third party, the Tribe shall make annual payments for operation, main-tenance, and replacement costs attributable to the direct use of any facilities by the Tribe for hydroelectric power generation, in amounts determined in accordance with the guidelines and methods of the Bureau of Rec-lamation for assessing operation, mainte-nance, and replacement charges. (c) B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION COOPERA -
TION.—The Commissioner of Reclamation shall cooperate with the Tribe in the devel-opment of any hydroelectric power genera-tion project under this section. (d) A
GREEMENT .—Before construction of a hydroelectric power generation project under this section, the Tribe shall enter into an agreement with the Commissioner of Rec-lamation that includes provisions— (1) requiring that— (A) the design, construction, and operation of the project shall be consistent with the Bureau of Reclamation guidelines and meth-ods for hydroelectric power development at Bureau facilities, as appropriate; and (B) the hydroelectric power generation project will not impair the efficiencies of the Milk River Project for authorized purposes; (2) regarding construction and operating criteria and emergency procedures; and (3) under which any modification proposed by the Tribe to a facility owned by the Bu-reau of Reclamation shall be subject to re-view and approval by the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (e) USE OF HYDROELECTRIC POWER BY  T
RIBE.—Any hydroelectric power generated in accordance with this section shall be used or marketed by the Tribe. (f) R
EVENUES .—The Tribe shall collect and retain any revenues from the sale of hydro-electric power generated by a project under this section. (g) L
IABILITY OF UNITED STATES .—The United States shall have no obligation to monitor, administer, or account for— (1) any revenues received by the Tribe under this section; or (2) the expenditure of those revenues. (h) P
REFERENCE .—During any period for which the exclusive right of the Tribe de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) is not in effect, the Tribe shall have a preference to develop hydropower on the St. Mary Unit facilities, in accordance with Bureau of Reclamation guidelines and methods for hydroelectric power development at Bureau facilities. 
SEC. 9009. STORAGE ALLOCATION FROM LAKE ELWELL. 
(a)(1) S TORAGE ALLOCATION TO TRIBE.—The Secretary shall allocate to the Tribe 45,000 acre-feet per year of water stored in Lake Elwell for use by the Tribe for any beneficial purpose on or off the Reservation, under a water right held by the United States and managed by the Bureau of Reclamation, as measured at the outlet works of Tiber Dam or through direct pumping from Lake Elwell. (2) R
EDUCTION .—Up to 10,000 acre-feet per year of water allocated to the Tribe pursuant to paragraph (1) will be subject to an acre- foot for acre-foot reduction if depletions from the Tribal water rights above Lake Elwell exceed 88,000 acre-feet per year of water because of New Development (as de-fined in article II.37 of the Compact). (b) T
REATMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The allocation to the Tribe under subsection (a) shall be consid-ered to be part of the Tribal water rights. (2) P
RIORITY DATE .—The priority date of the allocation to the Tribe under subsection (a) shall be the priority date of the Lake Elwell water right held by the Bureau of Reclamation. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Tribe shall ad-minister the water allocated under sub-section (a) in accordance with the Compact and this title. (c) A
LLOCATION AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing an allocation under this section, the Tribe shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary to establish the terms and condi-tions of the allocation, in accordance with the Compact and this title. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The agreement under paragraph (1) shall include provisions estab-lishing that— (A) the agreement shall be without limit as to term; (B) the Tribe, and not the United States, shall be entitled to all consideration due to the Tribe under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursu-ant to subsection (d); (C) the United States shall have no obliga-tion to monitor, administer, or account for— (i) any funds received by the Tribe as con-sideration under any lease, contract, or agreement entered into by the Tribe pursu-ant to subsection (d); or (ii) the expenditure of those funds; (D) if the capacity or function of Lake Elwell facilities are significantly reduced, or are anticipated to be significantly reduced, for an extended period of time, the Tribe shall have the same rights as other storage contractors with respect to the allocation under this section; (E) the costs associated with the construc-tion of the storage facilities at Tiber Dam al-locable to the Tribe shall be nonreimburs-able; (F) no water service capital charge shall be due or payable for any water allocated to the Tribe pursuant to this section or the alloca-tion agreement, regardless of whether that water is delivered for use by the Tribe or under a lease, contract, or by agreement en-tered into by the Tribe pursuant to sub-section (d); (G) the Tribe shall not be required to make payments to the United States for any water allocated to the Tribe under this title or the allocation agreement, except for each acre- foot of stored water leased or transferred for industrial purposes as described in subpara-graph (H); (H) for each acre-foot of stored water leased or transferred by the Tribe for indus-trial purposes— (i) the Tribe shall pay annually to the United States an amount necessary to cover the proportional share of the annual oper-ation, maintenance, and replacement costs allocable to the quantity of water leased or transferred by the Tribe for industrial pur-poses; and (ii) the annual payments of the Tribe shall be reviewed and adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect the actual operation, maintenance, and replacement costs for Tiber Dam; and (I) the adjustment process identified in subsection (a)(2) will be based on specific enumerated provisions. (d) AGREEMENTS BY TRIBE.—The Tribe may use, lease, contract, exchange, or enter into other agreements for use of the water allo-cated to the Tribe under subsection (a), if— (1) the use of water that is the subject of such an agreement occurs within the Mis-souri River Basin; and (2) the agreement does not permanently al-ienate any portion of the water allocated to the Tribe under subsection (a). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The allocation under subsection (a) takes effect on the enforce-ability date. (f) N
OCARRYOVER STORAGE .—The alloca-tion under subsection (a) shall not be in-creased by any year-to-year carryover stor-age. (g) D
EVELOPMENT AND DELIVERY COSTS.— The United States shall not be required to pay the cost of developing or delivering any water allocated under this section. 
SEC. 9010. IRRIGATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion and in accordance with subsection (c), shall carry out the following actions relating to the Blackfeet Irrigation Project: (1) Deferred maintenance. (2) Dam safety improvements for Four Horns Dam. (3) Rehabilitation and enhancement of the Four Horns Feeder Canal, Dam, and Res-ervoir. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with re-spect to any activities carried out under this section. (c) S
COPE OF DEFERRED MAINTENANCE AC-
TIVITIES AND FOUR HORNS DAMSAFETY IM-
PROVEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the conditions described in paragraph (2), the scope of the deferred maintenance activities and Four Horns Dam safety improvements shall be as generally described in— (A) the document entitled ‘‘Engineering Evaluation and Condition Assessment, Blackfeet Irrigation Project’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated August 2007; and (B) the provisions relating to Four Horns Rehabilitated Dam of the document entitled ‘‘Four Horns Dam Enlarged Appraisal Eval-uation Design Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated April 2007. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5857 September 15, 2016 
(2) C ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to in paragraph (1) are that, before commencing construction activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed reha-bilitation or improvement; (B) perform value engineering analyses; (C) perform appropriate Federal environ-mental compliance activities; and (D) ensure that the deferred maintenance activities and dam safety improvements may be constructed using only the amounts made available under section 9018. (d) S
COPE OF REHABILITATION AND ENHANCE -
MENT OF FOUR HORNS FEEDER CANAL , DAM, 
ANDRESERVOIR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The scope of the rehabili-tation and improvements shall be as gen-erally described in the document entitled ‘‘Four Horns Feeder Canal Rehabilitation with Export’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated April 2013, subject to the condition that, before commencing construction ac-tivities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed reha-bilitation or improvement; (B) perform value engineering analyses; (C) perform appropriate Federal environ-mental compliance activities; and (D) ensure that the rehabilitation and im-provements may be constructed using only the amounts made available under section 9018. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The activities carried out by the Secretary under this subsection shall include— (A) the rehabilitation or improvement of the Four Horns feeder canal system to a ca-pacity of not fewer than 360 cubic feet per second; (B) the rehabilitation or improvement of the outlet works of Four Horns Dam and Reservoir to deliver not less than 15,000 acre- feet of water per year, in accordance with subparagraph (C); and (C) construction of facilities to deliver not less than 15,000 acre-feet of water per year from Four Horns Dam and Reservoir, to a point on or near Birch Creek to be des-ignated by the Tribe and the State for deliv-ery of water to the water delivery system of the Pondera County Canal and Reservoir Company on Birch Creek, in accordance with the Birch Creek Agreement. (3) N
EGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes to the final design of any activity under this subsection to ensure that the final design meets applicable indus-try standards. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall not exceed $54,900,000, of which— (1) $40,900,000 shall be allocated to carry out the activities described in subsection (c); and (2) $14,000,000 shall be allocated to carry out the activities described in subsection (d)(2). (f) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (g) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTION .—No part of the project under subsection (d) shall be commenced until the State has made avail-able $20,000,000 to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (d)(2). (h) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under subsection (m), subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 per-cent of the total project costs for each project. (i) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activi-ties relating to the projects described in this section results in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Secretary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 9007(d), 9011, 9012, or 9013; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Black-feet OM&R Trust Account. (j) OWNERSHIP BY TRIBE OF BIRCH CREEK  D
ELIVERY FACILITIES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall transfer to the Tribe, at no cost, title in and to the facilities constructed under sub-section (d)(2)(C). (k) O
WNERSHIP , OPERATION , AND MAINTE -
NANCE .—On transfer to the Tribe of title under subsection (j), the Tribe shall— (1) be responsible for OM&R in accordance with the Birch Creek Agreement; and (2) enter into an agreement with the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs regarding the oper-ation of the facilities described in that sub-section. (l) L
IABILITY OF UNITED STATES .—The United States shall have no obligation or re-sponsibility with respect the facilities de-scribed in subsection (d)(2)(C). (m) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. (n) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— (1) alters any applicable law (including reg-ulations) under which the Bureau of Indian Affairs collects assessments or carries out Blackfeet Irrigation Project OM&R; or (2) impacts the availability of amounts made available under subsection (a)(1)(B) of section 9018. 
SEC. 9011. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF MR&I SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall plan, design, and construct the water diversion and delivery features of the MR&I System in accordance with 1 or more agreements between the Secretary and the Tribe. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with re-spect to any activity to design and construct the water diversion and delivery features of the MR&I System. (c) S
COPE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The scope of the design and construction under this section shall be as generally described in the document enti-tled ‘‘Blackfeet Regional Water System’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, dated June 2010, and modified by DOWL HKM in the adden-dum to the report dated March 2013, subject to the condition that, before commencing final design and construction activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed reha-bilitation and construction; (B) perform value engineering analyses; and (C) perform appropriate Federal compli-ance activities. (2) N
EGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes, if any, to the final de-sign— (A) to ensure that the final design meets applicable industry standards; (B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of the delivery of MR&I System water; and (C) to ensure that the MR&I System may be constructed using only the amounts made available under section 9018. (d) NONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall not exceed $76,200,000. (f) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTION .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—Before completion of the final design of the MR&I System re-quired by subsection (c), the Secretary shall consult with the Tribe, the State, and other affected non-Federal parties to discuss the possibility of receiving non-Federal con-tributions for the cost of the MR&I System. (2) N
EGOTIATIONS .—If, based on the extent to which non-Federal parties are expected to use the MR&I System, a non-Federal con-tribution to the MR&I System is determined by the parties described in paragraph (1) to be appropriate, the Secretary shall initiate negotiations for an agreement regarding the means by which the contributions shall be provided. (g) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to the MR&I System and all facilities rehabilitated or constructed under this section shall be held by the Tribe. (h) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs incurred under this sec-tion. (i) OM&R C
OSTS.—The Federal Govern-ment shall have no obligation to pay for the operation, maintenance, or replacement costs for any facility rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (j) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activi-ties relating to the projects described in this section results in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Secretary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 9007(d), 9010, 9011(a), 9012, or 9013; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Black-feet OM&R Trust Account. (k) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. 
SEC. 9012. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF WATER STORAGE AND IRRIGATION FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, shall plan, design, and construct 1 or more facilities to store water and support ir-rigation on the Reservation in accordance with 1 or more agreements between the Sec-retary and the Tribe. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclama-tion shall serve as the lead agency with re-spect to any activity to design and construct the irrigation development and water stor-age facilities described in subsection (c). (c) S
COPE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The scope of the design and construction under this section shall be as generally described in the document enti-tled ‘‘Blackfeet Water Storage, Develop-ment, and Project Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 13, 2013, as modified and agreed to by the Secretary and the Tribe, subject to the condition that, be-fore commencing final design and construc-tion activities, the Secretary shall— (A) review the design of the proposed con-struction; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5858 September 15, 2016 
(B) perform value engineering analyses; and (C) perform appropriate Federal compli-ance activities. (2) M
ODIFICATION .—The Secretary may modify the scope of construction for the projects described in the document referred to in paragraph (1), if— (A) the modified project is— (i) similar in purpose to the proposed projects; and (ii) consistent with the purposes of this title; and (B) the Secretary has consulted with the Tribe regarding any modification. (3) N
EGOTIATION WITH TRIBE .—On the basis of the review described in paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall negotiate with the Tribe appropriate changes, if any, to the final de-sign— (A) to ensure that the final design meets applicable industry standards; (B) to improve the cost-effectiveness of any construction; and (C) to ensure that the projects may be con-structed using only the amounts made avail-able under section 9018. (d) N
ONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (e) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall not exceed $87,300,000. (f) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to all facili-ties rehabilitated or constructed under this section shall be held by the Tribe, except that title to the Birch Creek Unit of the Blackfeet Indian Irrigation Project shall re-main with the Bureau of Indian Affairs. (g) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Commissioner of Reclamation and the Tribe shall negotiate the cost of any oversight activity carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation under any agreement entered into under this section, subject to the condition that the total cost for the oversight shall not exceed 4 percent of the total costs incurred under this sec-tion. (h) OM&R C
OSTS.—The Federal Govern-ment shall have no obligation to pay for the operation, maintenance, or replacement costs for the facilities rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (i) P
ROJECT EFFICIENCIES .—If the total cost of planning, design, and construction activi-ties relating to the projects described in this section results in cost savings and is less than the amounts authorized to be obligated, the Secretary, at the request of the Tribe, may— (1) use those cost savings to carry out a project described in section 9007(d), 9010, 9011, or 9013; or (2) deposit those cost savings to the Black-feet OM&R Trust Account. (j) A
PPLICABILITY OF ISDEAA.—At the re-quest of the Tribe, and in accordance with the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Secretary shall enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tribe to carry out this section. 
SEC. 9013. BLACKFEET WATER, STORAGE, AND DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) S
COPE.—The scope of the construction under this section shall be as generally de-scribed in the document entitled ‘‘Blackfeet Water Storage, Development, and Project Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 13, 2013, as modified and agreed to by the Secretary and the Tribe. (2) M
ODIFICATION .—The Tribe may modify the scope of the projects described in the document referred to in paragraph (1) if— (A) the modified project is— (i) similar to the proposed project; and (ii) consistent with the purposes of this title; and (B) the modification is approved by the Secretary. (b) NONREIMBURSABILITY OF COSTS.—All costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall be nonreimbursable. (c) F
UNDING .—The total amount of obliga-tions incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this section shall not exceed $91,000,000. (d) OM&R C
OSTS.—The Federal Govern-ment shall have no obligation to pay for the operation, maintenance, or replacement costs for the facilities rehabilitated or con-structed under this section. (e) O
WNERSHIP BY TRIBE.—Title to any fa-cility constructed under this section shall be held by the Tribe. 
SEC. 9014. EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) T RIBAL EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS -OF- W
AY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On request of the Sec-retary, the Tribe shall grant, at no cost to the United States, such easements and rights-of-way over tribal land as are nec-essary for the construction of the projects authorized by sections 9010 and 9011. (2) J
URISDICTION .—An easement or right-of- way granted by the Tribe pursuant to para-graph (1) shall not affect in any respect the civil or criminal jurisdiction of the Tribe over the easement or right-of-way. (b) L
ANDOWNER EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS -OF- W
AY.—In partial consideration for the con-struction activities authorized by section 9011, and as a condition of receiving service from the MR&I System, a landowner shall grant, at no cost to the United States or the Tribe, such easements and rights-of-way over the land of the landowner as may be nec-essary for the construction of the MR&I Sys-tem. (c) L
AND ACQUIRED BY UNITED STATES OR  T
RIBE.—Any land acquired within the bound-aries of the Reservation by the United States on behalf of the Tribe, or by the Tribe on be-half of the Tribe, in connection with achiev-ing the purposes of this title shall be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe. 
SEC. 9015. TRIBAL WATER RIGHTS. 
(a) C ONFIRMATION OF TRIBAL WATER  R
IGHTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribal water rights are ratified, confirmed, and declared to be valid. (2) U
SE.—Any use of the Tribal water rights shall be subject to the terms and con-ditions of the Compact and this title. (3) C
ONFLICT .—In the event of a conflict be-tween the Compact and this title, the provi-sions of this title shall control. (b) I
NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of Congress to provide to each allottee benefits that are equivalent to, or exceed, the bene-fits the allottees possess on the day before the date of enactment of this title, taking into consideration— (1) the potential risks, cost, and time delay associated with litigation that would be re-solved by the Compact and this title; (2) the availability of funding under this title and from other sources; (3) the availability of water from the Trib-al water rights; and (4) the applicability of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), and this title to protect the interests of allottees. (c) T
RUST STATUS OF TRIBAL WATER  R
IGHTS .—The Tribal water rights— (1) shall be held in trust by the United States for the use and benefit of the Tribe and the allottees in accordance with this title; and (2) shall not be subject to forfeiture or abandonment. (d) A
LLOTTEES .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY OF ACT OF FEBRUARY 8 , 
1887.—The provisions of section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), relating to the use of water for irrigation purposes shall apply to the Tribal water rights. (2) ENTITLEMENT TO WATER .—Any entitle-ment to water of an allottee under Federal law shall be satisfied from the Tribal water rights. (3) A
LLOCATIONS .—An allottee shall be enti-tled to a just and equitable allocation of water for irrigation purposes. (4) C
LAIMS .— (A) E
XHAUSTION OF REMEDIES .—Before as-serting any claim against the United States under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or any other applicable law, an allottee shall exhaust remedies available under the tribal water code or other applica-ble tribal law. (B) A
CTION FOR RELIEF .—After the exhaus-tion of all remedies available under the trib-al water code or other applicable tribal law, an allottee may seek relief under section 7 of the Act of February 8, 1887 (25 U.S.C. 381), or other applicable law. (5) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary shall have the authority to protect the rights of allottees in accordance with this section. (e) A
UTHORITY OF TRIBE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe shall have the authority to allocate, distribute, and lease the Tribal water rights for any use on the Reservation in accordance with the Com-pact, this title, and applicable Federal law. (2) O
FF-RESERVATION USE .—The Tribe may allocate, distribute, and lease the Tribal water rights for off-Reservation use in ac-cordance with the Compact, subject to the approval of the Secretary. (3) L
AND LEASES BY ALLOTTEES .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1), an allottee may lease any interest in land held by the allottee, to-gether with any water right determined to be appurtenant to the interest in land, in ac-cordance with the tribal water code. (f) T
RIBAL WATER CODE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding article IV.C.1 of the Compact, not later than 4 years after the date on which the Tribe ratifies the Compact in accordance with this title, the Tribe shall enact a tribal water code that provides for— (A) the management, regulation, and gov-ernance of all uses of the Tribal water rights in accordance with the Compact and this title; and (B) establishment by the Tribe of condi-tions, permit requirements, and other re-quirements for the allocation, distribution, or use of the Tribal water rights in accord-ance with the Compact and this title. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Subject to the approval of the Secretary, the tribal water code shall provide— (A) that use of water by allottees shall be satisfied with water from the Tribal water rights; (B) a process by which an allottee may re-quest that the Tribe provide water for irriga-tion use in accordance with this title, includ-ing the provision of water under any allottee lease under section 4 of the Act of June 25, 1910 (25 U.S.C. 403); (C) a due process system for the consider-ation and determination by the Tribe of any request by an allottee (or a successor in in-terest to an allottee) for an allocation of water for irrigation purposes on allotted land, including a process for— (i) appeal and adjudication of any denied or disputed distribution of water; and (ii) resolution of any contested administra-tive decision; and (D) a requirement that any allottee assert-ing a claim relating to the enforcement of rights of the allottee under the tribal water code, or to the quantity of water allocated to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5859 September 15, 2016 
land of the allottee, shall exhaust all rem-edies available to the allottee under tribal law before initiating an action against the United States or petitioning the Secretary pursuant to subsection (d)(4)(B). (3) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—During the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this title and ending on the date on which a tribal water code described in paragraphs (1) and (2) is enacted, the Secretary shall administer, with respect to the rights of allottees, the Tribal water rights in accordance with this title. (B) A
PPROVAL .—The tribal water code de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not be valid unless— (i) the provisions of the tribal water code required by paragraph (2) are approved by the Secretary; and (ii) each amendment to the tribal water code that affects a right of an allottee is ap-proved by the Secretary. (C) A
PPROVAL PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove or disapprove the tribal water code or an amendment to the tribal water code not later than 180 days after the date on which the tribal water code or amendment is sub-mitted to the Secretary. (ii) E
XTENSION .—The deadline described in clause (i) may be extended by the Secretary after consultation with the Tribe. (g) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) N
O ALIENATION .—The Tribe shall not permanently alienate any portion of the Tribal water rights. (2) P
URCHASES OR GRANTS OF LAND FROM IN -
DIANS .—An authorization provided by this title for the allocation, distribution, leasing, or other arrangement entered into pursuant to this title shall be considered to satisfy any requirement for authorization of the ac-tion by treaty or convention imposed by sec-tion 2116 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177). (3) P
ROHIBITION ON FORFEITURE .—The non- use of all or any portion of the Tribal water rights by a lessee or contractor shall not re-sult in the forfeiture, abandonment, relin-quishment, or other loss of all or any portion of the Tribal water rights. (h) E
FFECT .—Except as otherwise expressly provided in this section, nothing in this title— (1) authorizes any action by an allottee against any individual or entity, or against the Tribe, under Federal, State, tribal, or local law; or (2) alters or affects the status of any action brought pursuant to section 1491(a) of title 28, United States Code. 
SEC. 9016. BLACKFEET SETTLEMENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Blackfeet Settle-ment Trust Fund’’ (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), to be managed, invested, and distributed by the Secretary and to remain available until expended. (b) A
CCOUNTS .—The Secretary shall estab-lish in the Trust Fund the following ac-counts: (1) The Administration and Energy Ac-count. (2) The OM&R Account. (3) The St. Mary Account. (4) The Blackfeet Water, Storage, and De-velopment Projects Account. (c) D
EPOSITS .—The Secretary shall deposit in the Trust Fund— (1) in the Administration and Energy Ac-count, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(1)(A); (2) in the OM&R Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(1)(B); (3) in the St. Mary Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(1)(C); and (4) in the Blackfeet Water, Storage, and Development Projects Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(1)(D). (d) INTEREST .—.In addition to the deposits under subsection (c), any interest credited to amounts unexpended in the Trust Fund are authorized to be appropriated to be used in accordance with the uses described in sub-section (i). (e) M
ANAGEMENT .—The Secretary shall manage, invest, and distribute all amounts in the Trust Fund in a manner that is con-sistent with the investment authority of the Secretary under— (1) the first section of the Act of June 24, 1938 (25 U.S.C. 162a); (2) the American Indian Trust Fund Man-agement Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.); and (3) this section. (f) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated to, and deposited in, the Trust Fund, including any investment earnings, shall be made available to the Tribe by the Secretary be-ginning on the enforceability date. (2) F
UNDING FOR TRIBAL IMPLEMENTATION  
ACTIVITIES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), on approval pursuant to this title and the Compact by a referendum vote of a majority of votes cast by members of the Tribe on the day of the vote, as certified by the Secretary and the Tribe and subject to the availability of appropriations, of the amounts in the Ad-ministration and Energy Account, $4,800,000 shall be made available to the Tribe for the implementation of this title. (g) W
ITHDRAWALS UNDER AIFRMRA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may withdraw any portion of the funds in the Trust Fund on approval by the Secretary of a tribal management plan submitted by the Tribe in accordance with the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the re-quirements under the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the tribal management plan under paragraph (1) shall require that the Tribe shall spend all amounts withdrawn from the Trust Fund in accordance with this title. (B) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial and administrative actions as the Secretary determines to be necessary to enforce the tribal management plan to ensure that amounts withdrawn by the Tribe from the Trust Fund under this subsection are used in accordance with this title. (h) W
ITHDRAWALS UNDER EXPENDITURE  P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Tribe may submit to the Secretary a request to withdraw funds from the Trust Fund pursuant to an ap-proved expenditure plan. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to with-draw funds under an expenditure plan under paragraph (1), the Tribe shall submit to the Secretary for approval an expenditure plan for any portion of the Trust Fund that the Tribe elects to withdraw pursuant to this subsection, subject to the condition that the funds shall be used for the purposes described in this title. (3) I
NCLUSIONS .—An expenditure plan under this subsection shall include a description of the manner and purpose for which the amounts proposed to be withdrawn from the Trust Fund will be used by the Tribe, in ac-cordance with subsection (h). (4) APPROVAL .—On receipt of an expendi-ture plan under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall approve the plan, if the Sec-retary determines that the plan— (A) is reasonable; and (B) is consistent with, and will be used for, the purposes of this title. (5) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary may carry out such judicial and administrative actions as the Secretary determines to be necessary to enforce an expenditure plan to ensure that amounts disbursed under this subsection are used in accordance with this title. (i) U
SES.—Amounts from the Trust Fund shall be used by the Tribe for the following purposes: (1) The Administration and Energy Ac-count shall be used for administration of the Tribal water rights and energy development projects under this title and the Compact. (2) The OM&R Account shall be used to as-sist the Tribe in paying OM&R costs. (3) The St. Mary Account shall be distrib-uted pursuant to an expenditure plan ap-proved under subsection (g), subject to the conditions that— (A) during the period for which the amount is available and held by the Secretary, $500,000 shall be distributed to the Tribe an-nually as compensation for the deferral of the St. Mary water right; and (B) any additional amounts deposited in the account may be withdrawn and used by the Tribe to pay OM&R costs or other ex-penses for 1 or more projects to benefit the Tribe, as approved by the Secretary, subject to the requirement that the Secretary shall not approve an expenditure plan under this paragraph unless the Tribe provides a resolu-tion of the tribal council— (i) approving the withdrawal of the funds from the account; and (ii) acknowledging that the Secretary will not be able to distribute funds under sub-paragraph (A) indefinitely if the principal funds in the account are reduced. (4) The Blackfeet Water, Storage, and De-velopment Projects Account shall be used to carry out section 9013. (j) L
IABILITY .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall not be liable for the expenditure or investment of any amounts withdrawn from the Trust Fund by the Tribe under subsection (f) or (g). (k) N
OPERCAPITA DISTRIBUTIONS .—No por- tion of the Trust Fund shall be distributed on a per capita basis to any member of the Tribe. (l) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .—On request by the Tribe, the Secretary may deposit amounts from an account described in paragraph (1), (2), or (4) of subsection (b) to any other ac-count the Secretary determines to be appro-priate. 
SEC. 9017. BLACKFEET WATER SETTLEMENT IM-PLEMENTATION FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a nontrust, interest-bearing account, to be known as the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Implementation Fund’’), to be managed and distributed by the Sec-retary, for use by the Secretary for carrying out this title. (b) A
CCOUNTS .—The Secretary shall estab-lish in the Implementation Fund the fol-lowing accounts: (1) The MR&I System, Irrigation, and Water Storage Account. (2) The Blackfeet Irrigation Project De-ferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account. (3) The St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Fund. (c) D
EPOSITS .—The Secretary shall deposit in the Implementation Fund— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5860 September 15, 2016 
(1) in the MR&I System, Irrigation, and Water Storage Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(2)(A); (2) in the Blackfeet Irrigation Project De-ferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(2)(B); and (3) in the St. Mary/Milk Water Manage-ment and Activities Fund, the amount made available pursuant to section 9018(a)(2)(C). (d) I
NTEREST .—In addition to the deposits under subsection (c), any interest credited to amounts unexpended in the Implementation Fund are authorized to be appropriated to be used in accordance with the uses described in subsection (e). (e) U
SES.— (1) MR&I 
SYSTEM , IRRIGATION , AND WATER  
STORAGE ACCOUNT .—The MR&I System, Irri-gation, and Water Storage Account shall be used to carry out sections 9011 and 9012. (2) B
LACKFEET IRRIGATION PROJECT DE -
FERRED MAINTENANCE AND FOUR HORNS DAM  
SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS ACCOUNT .—The Black-feet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account shall be used to carry out section 9010. (3) S
T. MARY /MILK WATER MANAGEMENT AND  
ACTIVITIES ACCOUNT .—The St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Account shall be used to carry out sections 9005 and 9007. (f) M
ANAGEMENT .—Amounts in the Imple-mentation Fund shall not be available to the Secretary for expenditure until the enforce-ability date. 
SEC. 9018. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary— (1) as adjusted on appropriation to reflect changes since April 2010 in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers West Urban 50,000 to 1,500,000 index for the amount appropriated— (A) for deposit in the Administration and Energy Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund established under section 9016(b)(1), $28,900,000; (B) for deposit in the OM&R Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund estab-lished under section 9016(b)(2), $27,760,000; (C) for deposit in the St. Mary Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund estab-lished under section 9016(b)(3), $27,800,000; (D) for deposit in the Blackfeet Water, Storage, and Development Projects Account of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund es-tablished under section 9016(b)(4), $91,000,000; and (E) such sums not to exceed the amount of interest credited to the unexpended amounts of the Blackfeet Settlement Trust Fund; and (2) as adjusted annually to reflect changes since April 2010 in the Bureau of Reclama-tion Construction Cost Trends Index applica-ble to the types of construction involved— (A) for deposit in the MR&I System, Irriga-tion, and Water Storage Account of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund established under section 9017(b)(1), $163,500,000; (B) for deposit in the Blackfeet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance, Four Horns Dam Safety, and Rehabilitation and En-hancement of the Four Horns Feeder Canal, Dam, and Reservoir Improvements Account of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Imple-mentation Fund established under section 9017(b)(2), $54,900,000, of which— (i) $40,900,000 shall be made available for activities and projects under section 9010(c); and (ii) $14,000,000 shall be made available for activities and projects under section 9010(d)(2); (C) for deposit in the St. Mary/Milk Water Management and Activities Account of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Implementation Fund established under section 9017(b)(3), $28,100,000, of which— (i) $27,600,000 shall be allocated in accord-ance with section 9007(g); and (ii) $500,000 shall be used to carry out sec-tion 9005; and (D) such sums not to exceed the amount of interest credited to the unexpended amounts of the Blackfeet Water Settlement Imple-mentation Fund. (b) ADJUSTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The adjustment of the amounts authorized to be appropriated pur-suant to subsection (a)(1) shall occur each time an amount is appropriated for an ac-count and shall add to, or subtract from, as applicable, the total amount authorized. (2) R
EPETITION .—The adjustment process under this subsection shall be repeated for each subsequent amount appropriated until the amount authorized, as adjusted, has been appropriated. (3) T
REATMENT .—The amount of an adjust-ment may be considered— (A) to be authorized as of the date on which congressional action occurs; and (B) in determining the amount authorized to be appropriated. 
SEC. 9019. WATER RIGHTS IN LEWIS AND CLARK NATIONAL FOREST AND GLACIER NATIONAL PARK. 
The instream flow water rights of the Tribe on land within the Lewis and Clark National Forest and Glacier National Park— (1) are confirmed; and (2) shall be as described in the document entitled ‘‘Stipulation to Address Claims by and for the Benefit of the Blackfeet Indian Tribe to Water Rights in the Lewis & Clark National Forest and Glacier National Park’’, and as finally decreed by the Montana Water Court, or, if the Montana Water Court is found to lack jurisdiction, by the United States district court with jurisdiction. 
SEC. 9020. WAIVERS AND RELEASES OF CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) W
AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY  
TRIBE AND UNITED STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR  
TRIBE .—Subject to the reservation of rights and retention of claims under subsection (d), as consideration for recognition of the Tribal water rights and other benefits as described in the Compact and this title, the Tribe, act-ing on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe (but not any member of the Tribe as an allottee), and the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe and the members of the Tribe (but not any member of the Tribe as an allottee), shall execute a waiver and re-lease of all claims for water rights within the State that the Tribe, or the United States acting as trustee for the Tribe, as-serted or could have asserted in any pro-ceeding, including a State stream adjudica-tion, on or before the enforceability date, ex-cept to the extent that such rights are recog-nized in the Compact and this title. (2) W
AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY  
UNITED STATES AS TRUSTEE FOR ALLOTTEES .— Subject to the reservation of rights and the retention of claims under subsection (d), as consideration for recognition of the Tribal water rights and other benefits as described in the Compact and this title, the United States, acting as trustee for allottees, shall execute a waiver and release of all claims for water rights within the Reservation that the United States, acting as trustee for the allottees, asserted or could have asserted in any proceeding, including a State stream ad-judication, on or before the enforceability date, except to the extent that such rights are recognized in the Compact and this title. (3) W
AIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS BY  
TRIBE AGAINST UNITED STATES .—Subject to the reservation of rights and retention of claims under subsection (d), the Tribe, act-ing on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe (but not any member of the Tribe as an allottee), shall execute a waiver and re-lease of all claims against the United States (including any agency or employee of the United States)— (A) relating to— (i) water rights within the State that the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe, asserted or could have asserted in any proceeding, including a stream adjudication in the State, except to the extent that such rights are recognized as Tribal water rights under this title; (ii) damage, loss, or injury to water, water rights, land, or natural resources due to loss of water or water rights (including damages, losses, or injuries to hunting, fishing, gath-ering, or cultural rights due to loss of water or water rights, claims relating to inter-ference with, diversion, or taking of water, or claims relating to failure to protect, ac-quire, replace, or develop water, water rights, or water infrastructure) within the State that first accrued at any time on or before the enforceability date; (iii) a failure to establish or provide a mu-nicipal rural or industrial water delivery system on the Reservation; (iv) a failure to provide for operation or maintenance, or deferred maintenance, for the Blackfeet Irrigation Project or any other irrigation system or irrigation project on the Reservation; (v) the litigation of claims relating to the water rights of the Tribe in the State; and (vi) the negotiation, execution, or adoption of the Compact (including exhibits) or this title; (B) reserved in subsections (b) through (d) of section 6 of the settlement for the case styled Blackfeet Tribe v. United States, No. 02–127L (Fed. Cl. 2012); and (C) that first accrued at any time on or be-fore the enforceability date— (i) arising from the taking or acquisition of the land of the Tribe or resources for the construction of the features of the St. Mary Unit of the Milk River Project; (ii) relating to the construction, operation, and maintenance of the St. Mary Unit of the Milk River Project, including Sherburne Dam, St. Mary Diversion Dam, St. Mary Canal and associated infrastructure, and the management of flows in Swiftcurrent Creek, including the diversion of Swiftcurrent Creek into Lower St. Mary Lake; (iii) relating to the construction, oper-ation, and management of Lower Two Medi-cine Dam and Reservoir and Four Horns Dam and Reservoir, including any claim relating to the failure to provide dam safety improve-ments for Four Horns Reservoir; or (iv) relating to the allocation of waters of the Milk River and St. Mary River (including tributaries) between the United States and Canada pursuant to the International Bound-ary Waters Treaty of 1909 (36 Stat. 2448). (b) EFFECTIVENESS .—The waivers and re-leases under subsection (a) shall take effect on the enforceability date. (c) W
ITHDRAWAL OF OBJECTIONS .—The Tribe shall withdraw all objections to the water rights claims filed by the United States for the benefit of the Milk River Project, except objections to those claims consolidated for adjudication within Basin 40J, within 14 days of the certification under subsection (f)(5) that the Tribal membership has approved the Compact and this title. (1) Prior to withdrawal of the objections, the Tribe may seek leave of the Montana Water Court for a right to reinstate the ob-jections in the event the conditions of en-forceability in paragraphs (1) through (8) of subsection (f) are not satisfied by the date of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5861 September 15, 2016 
expiration described in section 9023 of this title. (2) If the conditions of enforceability in paragraphs (1) through (8) of subsection (f) are satisfied, and any authority the Montana Water Court may have granted the Tribe to reinstate objections described in this section has not yet expired, the Tribe shall notify the Montana Water Court and the United States in writing that it will not exercise any such authority. (d) R
ESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND RETENTION  
OFCLAIMS .—Notwithstanding the waivers and releases under subsection (a), the Tribe, acting on behalf of the Tribe and members of the Tribe, and the United States, acting as trustee for the Tribe and allottees, shall re-tain— (1) all claims relating to— (A) enforcement of, or claims accruing after the enforceability date relating to water rights recognized under, the Compact, any final decree, or this title; (B) activities affecting the quality of water, including any claim under— (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), including dam-ages to natural resources; (ii) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (iii) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’); and (iv) any regulations implementing the Acts described in clauses (i) through (iii); or (C) damage, loss, or injury to land or nat-ural resources that are not due to loss of water or water rights (including hunting, fishing, gathering, or cultural rights); (2) all rights to use and protect water rights acquired after the date of enactment of this title; and (3) all rights, remedies, privileges, immuni-ties, and powers not specifically waived and released pursuant to this title or the Com-pact. (e) E
FFECT OF COMPACT AND ACT.—Nothing in the Compact or this title— (1) affects the ability of the United States, acting as a sovereign, to take any action au-thorized by law (including any law relating to health, safety, or the environment), in-cluding— (A) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (B) the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (C) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’); and (D) any regulations implementing the Acts described in subparagraphs (A) through (C); (2) affects the ability of the United States to act as trustee for any other Indian tribe or allottee of any other Indian tribe; (3) confers jurisdiction on any State court— (A) to interpret Federal law regarding health, safety, or the environment; (B) to determine the duties of the United States or any other party pursuant to a Fed-eral law regarding health, safety, or the en-vironment; or (C) to conduct judicial review of a Federal agency action; (4) waives any claim of a member of the Tribe in an individual capacity that does not derive from a right of the Tribe; (5) revives any claim waived by the Tribe in the case styled Blackfeet Tribe v. United States, No. 02–127L (Fed. Cl. 2012); or (6) revives any claim released by an allot-tee or a tribal member in the settlement for the case styled Cobell v. Salazar, No. 1:96CV01285–JR (D.D.C. 2012). (f) ENFORCEABILITY DATE.—The enforce-ability date shall be the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Register a statement of findings that— (1)(A) the Montana Water Court has ap-proved the Compact, and that decision has become final and nonappealable; or (B) if the Montana Water Court is found to lack jurisdiction, the appropriate United States district court has approved the Com-pact, and that decision has become final and nonappealable; (2) all amounts authorized under section 9018(a) have been appropriated; (3) the agreements required by sections 9006(c), 9007(f), and 9009(c) have been exe-cuted; (4) the State has appropriated and paid into an interest-bearing escrow account any payments due as of the date of enactment of this title to the Tribe under the Compact, the Birch Creek Agreement, and this title; (5) the members of the Tribe have voted to approve this title and the Compact by a ma-jority of votes cast on the day of the vote, as certified by the Secretary and the Tribe; (6) the Secretary has fulfilled the require-ments of section 9009(a); (7) the agreement or terms and conditions referred to in section 9005 are executed and final; and (8) the waivers and releases described in subsection (a) have been executed by the Tribe and the Secretary. (g) T
OLLING OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each applicable period of limitation and time-based equitable defense relating to a claim described in this section shall be tolled during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this title and ending on the date on which the amounts made available to carry out this title are transferred to the Secretary. (2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection revives any claim or tolls any pe-riod of limitation or time-based equitable de-fense that expired before the date of enact-ment of this title. (h) E
XPIRATION .—If all appropriations au-thorized by this title have not been made available to the Secretary by January 21, 2026, the waivers and releases described in this section shall— (1) expire; and (2) have no further force or effect. (i) V
OIDING OF WAIVERS .—If the waivers and releases described in this section are void under subsection (h)— (1) the approval of the United States of the Compact under section 9004 shall no longer be effective; (2) any unexpended Federal funds appro-priated or made available to carry out the activities authorized by this title, together with any interest earned on those funds, and any water rights or contracts to use water and title to other property acquired or con-structed with Federal funds appropriated or made available to carry out the activities authorized under this title shall be returned to the Federal Government, unless otherwise agreed to by the Tribe and the United States and approved by Congress; and (3) except for Federal funds used to acquire or develop property that is returned to the Federal Government under paragraph (2), the United States shall be entitled to offset any Federal funds appropriated or made avail-able to carry out the activities authorized under this title that were expended or with-drawn, together with any interest accrued, against any claims against the United States relating to water rights in the State asserted by the Tribe or any user of the Tribal water rights or in any future settlement of the water rights of the Tribe or an allottee. SEC. 9021. SATISFACTION OF CLAIMS. 
(a) T RIBAL CLAIMS .—The benefits realized by the Tribe under this title shall be in com-plete replacement of, complete substitution for, and full satisfaction of all— (1) claims of the Tribe against the United States waived and released pursuant to sec-tion 9020(a); and (2) objections withdrawn pursuant to sec-tion 9020(c). (b) A
LLOTTEE CLAIMS .—The benefits real-ized by the allottees under this title shall be in complete replacement of, complete substi-tution for, and full satisfaction of— (1) all claims waived and released pursuant to section 9020(a)(2); and (2) any claim of an allottee against the United States similar in nature to a claim described in section 9020(a)(2) that the allot-tee asserted or could have asserted. 
SEC. 9022. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) W AIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—Ex- cept as provided in subsections (a) through (c) of section 208 of the Department of Jus-tice Appropriation Act, 1953 (43 U.S.C. 666), nothing in this title waives the sovereign im-munity of the United States. (b) O
THER TRIBES NOTADVERSELY AF-
FECTED .—Nothing in this title quantifies or diminishes any land or water right, or any claim or entitlement to land or water, of an Indian tribe, band, or community other than the Tribe. (c) L
IMITATION ON CLAIMS FOR REIMBURSE -
MENT .—With respect to any Indian-owned land located within the Reservation— (1) the United States shall not submit against that land any claim for reimburse-ment of the cost to the United States of car-rying out this title or the Compact; and (2) no assessment of that land shall be made regarding that cost. (d) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY OF UNITED  S
TATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The United States has no obligation— (A) to monitor, administer, or account for, in any manner, any funds provided to the Tribe by the State; or (B) to review or approve any expenditure of those funds. (2) I
NDEMNITY .—The Tribe shall indemnify the United States, and hold the United States harmless, with respect to all claims (including claims for takings or breach of trust) arising from the receipt or expendi-ture of amounts described in the subsection. (e) E
FFECT ON CURRENT LAW.—Nothing in this section affects any provision of law (in-cluding regulations) in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this title with respect to preenforcement review of any Fed-eral environmental enforcement action. (f) E
FFECT ON RECLAMATION LAWS.—The ac- tivities carried out by the Commissioner of Reclamation under this title shall not estab-lish a precedent or impact the authority pro-vided under any other provision of the rec-lamation laws, including— (1) the Reclamation Rural Water Supply Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 2401 et seq.); and (2) the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 991). (g) I
RRIGATION EFFICIENCY IN UPPER BIRCH C
REEK DRAINAGE .—Any activity carried out by the Tribe in the Upper Birch Creek Drain-age (as defined in article II.50 of the Com-pact) using funds made available to carry out this title shall achieve an irrigation effi-ciency of not less than 50 percent. (h) B
IRCH CREEK AGREEMENT APPROVAL .— The Birch Creek Agreement is approved to the extent that the Birch Creek Agreement requires approval under section 2116 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 177). (i) L
IMITATION ON EFFECT .—Nothing in this title or the Compact— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5862 September 15, 2016 
(1) makes an allocation or apportionment of water between or among States; or (2) addresses or implies whether, how, or to what extent the Tribal water rights, or any portion of the Tribal water rights, should be accounted for as part of, or otherwise charged against, an allocation or apportion-ment of water made to a State in an inter-state allocation or apportionment. 
SEC. 9023. EXPIRATION ON FAILURE TO MEET EN-FORCEABILITY DATE. 
If the Secretary fails to publish a state-ment of findings under section 9020(f) by not later than January 21, 2025, or such alter-native later date as is agreed to by the Tribe and the Secretary, after reasonable notice to the State, as applicable— (1) this title expires effective on the later of— (A) January 22, 2025; and (B) the day after such alternative later date as is agreed to by the Tribe and the Sec-retary; (2) any action taken by the Secretary and any contract or agreement entered into pur-suant to this title shall be void; (3) any amounts made available under sec-tion 9018, together with any interest on those amounts, that remain unexpended shall im-mediately revert to the general fund of the Treasury, except for any funds made avail-able under section 9016(e)(2) if the Montana Water Court denies the Tribe’s request to re-instate the objections in section 9020(c); and (4) the United States shall be entitled to offset against any claims asserted by the Tribe against the United States relating to water rights— (A) any funds expended or withdrawn from the amounts made available pursuant to this title; and (B) any funds made available to carry out the activities authorized by this title from other authorized sources, except for any funds provided under section 9016(e)(2) if the Montana Water court denies the Tribe’s re-quest to reinstate the objections in section 9020(c). 
SEC. 9024. ANTIDEFICIENCY. 
The United States shall not be liable for any failure to carry out any obligation or ac-tivity authorized by this title (including any obligation or activity under the Compact) if— (1) adequate appropriations are not pro-vided expressly by Congress to carry out the purposes of this title; or (2) there are not enough monies available to carry out the purposes of this title in the Reclamation Water Settlements Fund estab-lished under section 10501(a) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 407(a)). 
SA 5078. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2494, to support global anti-poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—PURPOSES AND POLICY Sec. 101. Purposes. Sec. 102. Statement of United States policy. TITLE II—REPORT ON MAJOR WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING COUNTRIES Sec. 201. Report. TITLE III—FRAMEWORK FOR INTERAGENCY RESPONSE Sec. 301. Presidential Task Force on Wildlife Trafficking. TITLE IV—PROGRAMS TO ADDRESS THE ESCALATING WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING CRISIS Sec. 401. Anti-poaching programs. Sec. 402. Anti-trafficking programs. Sec. 403. Engagement of United States diplo-matic missions. Sec. 404. Community conservation. TITLE V—OTHER ACTIONS RELATING TO WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS Sec. 501. Amendments to Fisherman’s Pro-tective Act of 1967. Sec. 502. Wildlife trafficking violations as predicate offenses under money laundering statute. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) C
O-CHAIRS OF THE TASK FORCE .—The term ‘‘Co-Chairs of the Task Force’’ means the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Attorney General, as estab-lished pursuant to Executive Order 13648. (3) C
OMMUNITY CONSERVATION .—The term ‘‘community conservation’’ means an ap-proach to conservation that recognizes the rights of local people to manage, or benefit directly and indirectly from wildlife and other natural resources in a long-term bio-logically viable manner and includes— (A) devolving management and governance to local communities to create positive con-ditions for resource use that takes into ac-count current and future ecological require-ments; and (B) building the capacity of communities for conservation and natural resource man-agement. (4) C
OUNTRY OF CONCERN .—The term ‘‘coun-try of concern’’ refers to a foreign country specially designated by the Secretary of State pursuant to subsection (b) of section 201 as a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, a major transit point of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, or a major consumer of wildlife trafficking products, in which the govern-ment has actively engaged in or knowingly profited from the trafficking of endangered or threatened species. (5) F
OCUS COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘focus coun-try’’ refers to a foreign country determined by the Secretary of State to be a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, a major transit point of wildlife trafficking products or their deriva-tives, or a major consumer of wildlife traf-ficking products. (6) D
EFENSE ARTICLE ; DEFENSE SERVICE ; SIG-
NIFICANT MILITARY EQUIPMENT ; TRAINING .— The terms ‘‘defense article’’, ‘‘defense serv-ice’’, ‘‘significant military equipment’’, and ‘‘training’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 47 of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). (7) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—The term ‘‘Im-plementation Plan’’ means the Implementa-tion Plan for the National Strategy for Com-bating Wildlife Trafficking released on Feb-ruary 11, 2015, a modification of that plan, or a successor plan. (8) NATIONAL STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Strategy’’ means the National Strat-egy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking pub-lished on February 11, 2014, a modification of that strategy, or a successor strategy. (9) N
ATIONAL WILDLIFE SERVICES .—The term ‘‘national wildlife services’’ refers to the ministries and government bodies designated to manage matters pertaining to wildlife management, including poaching or traf-ficking, in a focus country. (10) S
ECURITY FORCE .—The term ‘‘security force’’ means a military, law enforcement, gendarmerie, park ranger, or any other secu-rity force with a responsibility for pro-tecting wildlife and natural habitats. (11) T
ASK FORCE .—The term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Presidential Task Force on Wild-life Trafficking, as established by Executive Order 13648 (78 Fed. Reg. 40621) and modified by section 201. (12) W
ILDLIFE TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘wildlife trafficking’’ refers to the poaching or other illegal taking of protected or man-aged species and the illegal trade in wildlife and their related parts and products. TITLE I—PURPOSES AND POLICY 
SEC. 101. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are— (1) to support a collaborative, interagency approach to address wildlife trafficking; (2) to protect and conserve the remaining populations of wild elephants, rhinoceroses, and other species threatened by poaching and the illegal wildlife trade; (3) to disrupt regional and global transnational organized criminal networks and to prevent the illegal wildlife trade from being used as a source of financing for crimi-nal groups that undermine United States and global security interests; (4) to prevent wildlife poaching and traf-ficking from being a means to make a living in focus countries; (5) to support the efforts of, and collabo-rate with, individuals, communities, local organizations, and foreign governments to combat poaching and wildlife trafficking; (6) to assist focus countries in implementa-tion of national wildlife anti-trafficking and poaching laws; and (7) to ensure that United States assistance to prevent and suppress illicit wildlife traf-ficking is carefully planned and coordinated, and that it is systematically and rationally prioritized on the basis of detailed analysis of the nature and severity of threats to wild-life and the willingness and ability of foreign partners to cooperate effectively toward these ends. 
SEC. 102. STATEMENT OF UNITED STATES POL-ICY. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to take immediate actions to stop the illegal global trade in wildlife and wildlife products and associated transnational orga-nized crime; (2) to provide technical and other forms of assistance to help focus countries halt the poaching of elephants, rhinoceroses, and other imperiled species and end the illegal trade in wildlife and wildlife products, in-cluding by providing training and assistance in— (A) wildlife protection and management of wildlife populations; (B) anti-poaching and effective manage-ment of protected areas including commu-nity managed and privately-owned lands; (C) local engagement of security forces in anti-poaching responsibilities, where appro-priate; (D) wildlife trafficking investigative tech-niques, including forensic tools; (E) transparency and corruption issues; (F) management, tracking, and inventory of confiscated wildlife contraband; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.044 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5863 September 15, 2016 
(G) demand reduction strategies in coun-tries that lack the means and resources to conduct them; and (H) bilateral and multilateral agreements and cooperation; (3) to employ appropriate assets and re-sources of the United States Government in a coordinated manner to curtail poaching and disrupt and dismantle illegal wildlife trade networks and the financing of those networks in a manner appropriate for each focus country; (4) to build upon the National Strategy and Implementation Plan to further combat wildlife trafficking in a holistic manner and guide the response of the United States Gov-ernment to ensure progress in the fight against wildlife trafficking; and (5) to recognize the ties of wildlife traf-ficking to broader forms of transnational or-ganized criminal activities, including traf-ficking, and where applicable, to focus on those crimes in a coordinated, cross-cutting manner. TITLE II—REPORT ON MAJOR WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING COUNTRIES 
SEC. 201. REPORT. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the In-terior and the Secretary of Commerce, shall submit to Congress a report that lists each country determined by the Secretary of State to be a focus country within the mean-ing of this Act. (b) S
PECIAL DESIGNATION .—In each report required under subsection (a), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce, shall identify each country of con-cern listed in the report the government of which has actively engaged in or knowingly profited from the trafficking of endangered or threatened species. (c) S
UNSET .—This section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE III—FRAMEWORK FOR INTERAGENCY RESPONSE 
SEC. 301. PRESIDENTIAL TASK FORCE ON WILD-LIFE TRAFFICKING. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to the functions required by Executive Order 13648 (78 Fed. Reg. 40621), the Task Force shall be informed by the Secretary of State’s annual report required under section 201 and consid-ering all available information, ensure that relevant United States Government agen-cies— (1) collaborate, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, with the national wildlife services, or other relevant bodies of each focus coun-try to prepare, not later than 90 days after the date of submission of the report required under section 201(a), a United States mission assessment of the threats to wildlife in that focus country and an assessment of the ca-pacity of that country to address wildlife trafficking; (2) collaborate, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, with relevant ministries, national wildlife services, or other relevant bodies of each focus country to prepare, not later than 180 days after preparation of the assessment referred to in paragraph (1), a United States mission strategic plan that includes rec-ommendations for addressing wildlife traf-ficking, taking into account any regional or national strategies for addressing wildlife trafficking in a focus country developed be-fore the preparation of such assessment; (3) coordinate efforts among United States Federal agencies and non-Federal partners, including missions, domestic and inter-national organizations, the private sector, and other global partners, to implement the strategic plans required by paragraph (2) in each focus country; (4) not less frequently than annually, con-sult and coordinate with stakeholders quali-fied to provide advice, assistance, and infor-mation regarding effective support for anti- poaching activities, coordination of regional law enforcement efforts, development of and support for effective legal enforcement mechanisms, and development of strategies to reduce illicit trade and reduce consumer demand for illegally traded wildlife and wild-life products, and other relevant topics under this Act; and (5) coordinate or carry out other functions as are necessary to implement this Act. (b) DUPLICATION AND EFFICIENCY .—The Task Force shall— (1) ensure that the activities of the Federal agencies involved in carrying out efforts under this Act are coordinated and not dupli-cated; and (2) encourage efficiencies and coordination among the efforts of Federal agencies and interagency initiatives ongoing as of the date of the enactment of this Act to address trafficking activities, including trafficking of wildlife, humans, weapons, and narcotics, illegal trade, transnational organized crime, or other illegal activities. (c) C
ONSISTENCY WITHAGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—The Task Force shall carry out its re-sponsibilities under this Act in a manner consistent with the authorities and respon-sibilities of agencies represented on the Task Force. (d) T
ASK FORCE STRATEGIC REVIEW .—One year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Task Force shall submit a strategic assessment of its work and provide a briefing to the appro-priate congressional committees that shall include— (1) a review and assessment of the Task Force’s implementation of this Act, identi-fying successes, failures, and gaps in its work, or that of agencies represented on the Task Force, including detailed descriptions of— (A) what approaches, initiatives, or pro-grams have succeeded best in increasing the willingness and capacity of focus countries to suppress and prevent illegal wildlife traf-ficking, and what approaches, initiatives, or programs have not succeeded as well as hoped; and (B) which foreign governments subject to subsections (a) and (b) of section 201 have proven to be the most successful partners in suppressing and preventing illegal wildlife trafficking, which focus countries have not proven to be so, and what factors contrib-uted to these results in each country dis-cussed; (2) a description of each Task Force mem-ber agency’s priorities and objectives for combating wildlife trafficking; (3) an account of total United States fund-ing each year since fiscal year 2014 for all government agencies and programs involved in countering poaching and wildlife traf-ficking; (4) an account of total United States fund-ing since fiscal year 2014 to support the ac-tivities of the Task Force, including admin-istrative overhead costs and congressional reporting; and (5) recommendations for how to improve United States and international efforts to suppress and prevent illegal wildlife traf-ficking in the future, based upon the Task Force’s experience as of the time of the re-view. (e) T
ERMINATION OF TASKFORCE .—The stat- utory authorization for the Task Force pro-vided by this Act shall terminate 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act or such earlier date that the President ter-minates the Task Force by rescinding, super-seding, or otherwise modifying relevant por-tions of Executive Order 13648. TITLE IV—PROGRAMS TO ADDRESS THE ESCALATING WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING CRISIS SEC. 401. ANTI-POACHING PROGRAMS. 
(a) W ILDLIFE LAWENFORCEMENT PROFES -
SIONAL TRAINING AND COORDINATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Secretary of State and the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, in collaboration with the heads of other relevant United States agencies and nongovernmental part-ners where appropriate, may provide assist-ance to focus countries to carry out the rec-ommendations made in the strategic plan re-quired by section 301(a)(2), among other goals, to improve the effectiveness of wildlife law enforcement in regions and countries that have demonstrated capacity, willing-ness, and need for assistance. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING SECU-
RITY ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER WILDLIFE TRAF-
FICKING AND POACHING IN AFRICA .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to provide defense articles (not including significant military equip-ment), defense services, and related training to appropriate security forces of countries of Africa for the purposes of countering wildlife trafficking and poaching. 
SEC. 402. ANTI-TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATIVE CAPACITY BUILDING .— The Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, in collaboration with the heads of other relevant United States agencies and communities, regions, and gov-ernments in focus countries, may design and implement programs in focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required under section 301(a)(2) among other goals, with clear and measurable targets and indicators of success, to increase the capacity of wildlife law en-forcement and customs and border security officers in focus countries. (b) T
RANSNATIONAL PROGRAMS .—The Sec- retary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, in collaboration with other rel-evant United States agencies, nongovern-mental partners, and international bodies, and in collaboration with communities, re-gions, and governments in focus countries, may design and implement programs, includ-ing support for Wildlife Enforcement Net-works, in focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required under section 301(a)(2), among other goals, to better understand and combat the transnational trade in illegal wildlife. 
SEC. 403. ENGAGEMENT OF UNITED STATES DIP-LOMATIC MISSIONS. 
As soon as practicable but not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, each chief of mission to a focus country should begin to implement the recommenda-tions contained in the strategic plan re-quired under section 301(a)(2), among other goals, for the country. 
SEC. 404. COMMUNITY CONSERVATION. 
The Secretary of State, in collaboration with the United State Agency for Inter-national Development, heads of other rel-evant United States agencies, the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, and other development partners, may provide support in focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required under section 301(a)(2) as such rec-ommendations relate to the development, scaling, and replication of community wild-life conservancies and community conserva-tion programs in focus countries to assist 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.045 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5864 September 15, 2016 
with rural stability and greater security for people and wildlife, empower and support communities to manage or benefit from their wildlife resources in a long-term bio-logically viable manner, and reduce the threat of poaching and trafficking, including through— (1) promoting conservation-based enter-prises and incentives, such as eco-tourism and stewardship-oriented agricultural pro-duction, that empower communities to man-age wildlife, natural resources, and commu-nity ventures where appropriate, by ensuring they benefit from well-managed wildlife pop-ulations; (2) helping create alternative livelihoods to poaching by mitigating wildlife trafficking, helping support rural stability, greater secu-rity for people and wildlife, responsible eco-nomic development, and economic incentives to conserve wildlife populations; (3) engaging regional businesses and the private sector to develop goods and services to aid in anti-poaching and anti-trafficking measures; (4) working with communities to develop secure and safe methods of sharing informa-tion with enforcement officials; (5) providing technical assistance to sup-port land use stewardship plans to improve the economic, environmental, and social out-comes in community-owned or -managed lands; (6) supporting community anti-poaching efforts, including policing and informant networks; (7) working with community and national governments to develop relevant policy and regulatory frameworks to enable and pro-mote community conservation programs, in-cluding supporting law enforcement engage-ment with wildlife protection authorities to promote information-sharing; and (8) working with national governments to ensure that communities have timely and ef-fective support from national authorities to mitigate risks that communities may face when engaging in anti-poaching and anti- trafficking activities. TITLE V—OTHER ACTIONS RELATING TO WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS 
SEC. 501. AMENDMENTS TO FISHERMAN’S PRO-TECTIVE ACT OF 1967. 
Section 8 of the Fisherman’s Protective Act of 1967 (22 U.S.C. 1978) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Commerce’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of the Interior’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘, as appropriate,’’; (D) by redesigning paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of the Interior shall each report to Congress each certification to the President made by such Secretary under this sub-section, within 15 days after making such certification.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘as the case may be,’’. 
SEC. 502. WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING VIOLATIONS AS PREDICATE OFFENSES UNDER MONEY LAUNDERING STATUTE. 
Section 1956(c)(7) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) any act that is a criminal violation of subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), or (F) of paragraph (1) of section 9(a) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(a)(1)), section 2203 of the African Ele-phant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4223), or section 7(a) of the Rhinoceros and Tiger Con-servation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5305a(a)), if the endangered or threatened species of fish or wildlife, products, items, or substances in-volved in the violation and relevant conduct, as applicable, have a total value of more than $10,000;’’. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 15, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–328A of the Russell Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 15, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 15, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communica-tions Commission.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 15, 2016, at 9:45 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Afghanistan: U.S. Policy and Inter-national Commitments.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 15, 2016, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Civil Nuclear Agree-ment with Norway.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 15, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Health Insurance Markets.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on September 15, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on Sep-tember 15, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., in room SR–428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of the Federal Re-sponse and Resources for Louisiana Flood Victims.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 15, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
TREATY WITH KAZAKHSTAN ON MUTUAL LEGAL ASSISTANCE IN CRIMINAL MATTERS 
TREATY WITH ALGERIA ON MU-TUAL LEGAL ASSISTANCE IN CRIMINAL MATTERS 
TREATY WITH JORDAN ON MU-TUAL LEGAL ASSISTANCE IN CRIMINAL MATTERS Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following treaties on today’s Executive Calendar en bloc: Nos. 13, 14, 15; I further ask unanimous consent that the treaties be considered as hav-ing passed through their various par-liamentary stages up to and including the presentation of the resolutions of ratification; that any committee con-ditions, declarations, or reservations be agreed to as applicable; that any statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; further, that each treaty be voted on en bloc but considered voted on indi-vidually; that the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table; and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.045 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5865 September 15, 2016 
the President be notified of the Sen-ate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The treaties will be stated. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Treaty document No. 114–11, Treaty with Kazakhstan on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters. Treaty document No. 114–3, Treaty with Algeria on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters. Treaty document No. 114–4, Treaty with Jordan on Mutual Legal Assistance in Crimi-nal Matters. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask for a division vote on the resolutions of ratification en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. A divi-sion vote has been requested. On treaty document No. 114–11, Sen-ators in favor of the resolution of rati-fication will rise and stand until count-ed. Those opposed will rise and stand until counted. On a division vote, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative, the resolution of ratifica-tion is agreed to. The resolution of ratification is as follows: 
Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to a Declaration. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Republic of Kazakhstan on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, signed at Washington on February 20, 2015 (Treaty Doc. 114–11), subject to the declaration of section 2. Sec. 2. Declaration. The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On trea-ty document No. 114–3, Senators in favor of the resolution of ratification will rise and stand until counted. Those opposed will rise and stand until counted. On a division vote, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative, the resolution of ratifica-tion is agreed to. The resolution of ratification is as follows: 
Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to a Declaration. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty Between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the People’s Republic of Algeria on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, signed at Washington on April 7, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 114–3), subject to the declaration of section 2. Sec. 2. Declaration. The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On trea-ty document No. 114–4, Senators in favor of the resolution of ratification will rise and stand until counted. Those opposed will rise and stand until counted. On a division vote, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative, the resolution of ratifica-tion is agreed to. The resolution of ratification is as follows: Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to a Declaration. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty Between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, signed at Washington on October 1, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 114–4), subject to the declaration of section 2. Sec. 2. Declaration. The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar Nos. 700 through 715 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Timothy M. Ray The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Mark C. Nowland The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10 U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Jerry P. Martinez 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Paul M. Nakasone The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Aundre F. Piggee IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Charles A. Richard The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Philip G. Howe 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Charles L. Plummer The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Samuel A. Greaves The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Mark D. Kelly 
IN THE ARMY  The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Joseph F. Jarrard The following officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Laurel J. Hummel The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Gustave F. Perna The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Vice Chief of the National Guard Bureau and for appointment to the grade in-dicated in the Reserve of the Army under title 10, U.S.C., sections 10505 and 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Daniel R. Hokanson 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Vice Adm. James G. Foggo, III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15SE6.077 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5866 September 15, 2016 
grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. John W. Raymond N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1552 AIR FORCE nominations (1186) be-ginning NATHAN J. ABEL, and ending BAI LAN ZHU, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 16, 2016. PN1555 AIR FORCE nominations (49) begin-ning EBON S. ALLEY, and ending KENDRA S. ZBIR, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 16, 2016. PN1556 AIR FORCE nominations (153) be-ginning OLUJIMISOLA M. ADELANI, and ending KELLIE J. ZENTZ, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 16, 2016. PN1630 AIR FORCE nominations (129) be-ginning STEVEN S. ALEXANDER, and end-ing STACEY SCOTT ZDANAVAGE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1674 AIR FORCE nomination of Rebecca L. Powers, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1675 AIR FORCE nomination of William L. White, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1676 AIR FORCE nomination of An-thony B. Mulhare, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1677 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning ROBERT M. CLONTZ, II, and ending REBECCA K. KEMMET, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1707 AIR FORCE nomination of Paul K. Clark, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2016. PN1709 AIR FORCE nomination of An-thony S. Robbins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1631 ARMY nomination of Andrell J. Hardy, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1632 ARMY nomination of Hector I. Martinezpineiro, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1648 ARMY nominations (3) beginning CHATTIE N. LEVY, and ending LISA G. WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1649 ARMY nominations (6) beginning ARTHUR J. BILENKER, and ending INEZ E. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1650 ARMY nominations (14) beginning JOHN J. BRADY, and ending ELIZABETH A. WERNS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1651 ARMY nominations (11) beginning RICHARD J. BUTALLA, and ending MARK B. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1652 ARMY nominations (9) beginning CHRISTOPHER B. AASGAARD, and ending WILLIAM A. SOCRATES, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1653 ARMY nomination of Paul V. Rahm, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1654 ARMY nominations (5) beginning MICHAEL A. DEAN, and ending MARK O. WORLEY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1655 ARMY nominations (36) beginning JONNIE L. BAILEY, and ending ILONA L. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1656 ARMY nominations (11) beginning GORDON B. CHIU, and ending PAUL A. VIATOR, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1657 ARMY nominations (47) beginning SCOTT B. ARMEN, and ending JON S. YAMAGUCHI, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1658 ARMY nominations (13) beginning THAD J. COLLARD, and ending MICHAEL L. YOST, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1659 ARMY nominations (2) beginning ANN M.B. HALL, and ending DAVID W. ROSE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1660 ARMY nominations (2) beginning GARRY E. ONEAL, and ending CRISTOPHER A. YOUNG, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 14, 2016. PN1678 ARMY nominations (104) beginning FREDDY L. ADAMS, II, and ending D012362, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1679 ARMY nominations (147) beginning ALISSA R. ACKLEY, and ending D003185, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1680 ARMY nominations (190) beginning GEOFFREY R. ADAMS, and ending D005579, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1681 ARMY nominations (27) beginning BRIAN BICKEL, and ending MELISSA F. TUCKER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1682 ARMY nominations (164) beginning KYLE D. AEMISEGGER, and ending SARAH M. ZATE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1683 ARMY nomination of John E. Shemanski, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1684 ARMY nominations (21) beginning CHRISTOPHER D. BAYSA, and ending SARAH A. WILLIAMS BROWN, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 6, 2016. PN1685 ARMY nominations (34) beginning ADRIENNE B. ARI, and ending CHARLES D. ZIMMERMAN, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1686 ARMY nominations (6) beginning NORMAN W. GILL, III, and ending MI-CHAEL A. ROBERTSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1687 ARMY nominations (7) beginning DERRON A. ALVES, and ending CHAD A. WEDDELL, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1688 ARMY nomination of Chantil A. Alexander, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1690 ARMY nomination of Yevgeny S. Vindman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1691 ARMY nomination of David G. Ott, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 6, 2016. PN1693 ARMY nomination of Geoffrey J. Cole, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 6, 2016. PN1694 ARMY nomination of Jeffrey D. McCoy, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1695 ARMY nominations (74) beginning JOSEPH T. ALWAN, and ending NICHOLAS D. WILSON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1696 ARMY nominations (300) beginning DUSTIN M. ALBERT, and ending JENNIFER E. ZUCCARELLI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1697 ARMY nominations (36) beginning BUSTER D. AKERS, JR., and ending MI-CHAEL T. ZELL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1698 ARMY nomination of Richard L. Weaver, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1710 ARMY nomination of Gail E. S. Yoshitani, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1714 ARMY nomination of Richard A. Dorchak, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1715 ARMY nomination of Aristidis Katerelos, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1716 ARMY nomination of Scott C. Moran, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1717 ARMY nomination of Mona M. McFadden, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1718 ARMY nominations (11) beginning NICOLE N. CLARK, and ending SUSAN R. SINGALEWITCH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1719 ARMY nomination of Clayton T. Herriford, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1720 ARMY nominations (18) beginning JAMES R. BOULWARE, and ending MAT-THEW S. WYSOCKI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1721 ARMY nomination of David E. Fos-ter, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2016. PN1722 ARMY nomination of Justin J. Orton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.056 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5867 September 15, 2016 
PN1723 ARMY nomination of Tina R. Hart-ley, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2016. PN1724 ARMY nomination of Melaine A. Williams, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1725 ARMY nomination of Anthony T. Sampson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1634 NAVY nominations (125) beginning KENRIC T. ABAN, and ending ERIC H. YEUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1635 NAVY nominations (61) beginning BRENT N. ADAMS, and ending EMILY L. ZYWICKE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1636 NAVY nominations (24) beginning TERESITA ALSTON, and ending ERIN K. ZIZAK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1637 NAVY nominations (29) beginning DYLAN T. BURCH, and ending LUKE A. WHITTEMORE, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1638 NAVY nominations (65) beginning BROOKE M. BASFORD, and ending MALISSA D. WICKERSHAM, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1639 NAVY nominations (53) beginning RYAN P. ANDERSON, and ending SCOTT A. WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1640 NAVY nominations (31) beginning JENNIFER D. BOWDEN, and ending ROB-ERT B. WILLS which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1641 NAVY nominations (36) beginning BRADLEY M. BAER, and ending GREGORY J. WOODS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1699 NAVY nomination of Richard M. Camarena, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1701 NAVY nominations (39) beginning JULIO A. ALARCON, and ending JODI M. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1702 NAVY nominations (3) beginning ROLANDA A. FINDLAY, and ending DAPH-NE P. MORRISONPONCE, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 6, 2016. PN1703 NAVY nomination of Russell A. Maynard, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1726 NAVY nomination of William J. Kaiser, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1727 NAVY nominations (246) beginning NICOLE A. AGUIRRE, and ending AMY F. ZUCHARO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1728 NAVY nominations (81) beginning ALICE A. T. ALCORN, and ending MALKA ZLPPERSTEIN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1729 NAVY nominations (119) beginning JULIE M. C. ANDERSON, and ending BRAD-LEY S. WELLS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1730 NAVY nominations (53) beginning BENJAMIN D. ADAMS, and ending MI-CHAEL F. WHITICAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1731 NAVY nominations (145) beginning STEPHEN K. AFFUL, and ending ALESSANDRA E. ZIEGLER, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2016. PN1732 NAVY nominations (86) beginning SCOTT E. ADAMS, and ending CHARMAINE R. YAP, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1733 NAVY nominations (35) beginning RAYMOND B. ADKINS, and ending GALE B WHITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1734 NAVY nominations (55) beginning PAUL I. AHN, and ending SHANNON L. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1735 NAVY nominations (2) beginning DENNIS L. LANG, JR., and ending YASMIRA LEFFAKIS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1736 NAVY nomination of Karen J. Sankesritland, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1737 NAVY nominations (3) beginning MARK F. BIBEAU, and ending JASON A. LAURION, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1738 NAVY nomination of Randall L. McAtee, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1739 NAVY nomination of John F. Capacchione, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1740 NAVY nomination of Stuart T. Kirkby, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. PN1741 NAVY nomination of Carrie M. Mercier,which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2016. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
TOM STAGG FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURT-HOUSE Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 471, S. 2754. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2754) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse.’’ There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Environment and Public Works with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italic.) 
S. 2754 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TOM STAGG øFEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE ¿ UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE . 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Honorable Thomas Eaton Stagg, Jr., served as judge of the United States Dis-trict Court for the Western District of Lou-isiana from 1974 until his death in 2015; (2) Judge Stagg served as Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana from 1984 through 1992; (3) Judge Stagg served as Senior Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana from 1992 through 2015; (4) Judge Stagg exemplified all that is re-spectable and dignified in the judiciary and was a mentor and role model for all attor-neys within and beyond the Western District of Louisiana; and (5) the naming of the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, after Judge Stagg would honor his name and the legacy he left to all citizens of the West-ern District of Louisiana. (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Tom Stagg øFederal Building and United States Courthouse¿ United States Court House’’. (c) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (b) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Tom Stagg øFederal Building and United States Courthouse ¿ United States Court House’’. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill (S. 2754), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2754 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TOM STAGG UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Honorable Thomas Eaton Stagg, Jr., served as judge of the United States Dis-trict Court for the Western District of Lou-isiana from 1974 until his death in 2015; (2) Judge Stagg served as Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana from 1984 through 1992; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\S15SE6.REC S15SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5868 September 15, 2016 
(3) Judge Stagg served as Senior Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana from 1992 through 2015; (4) Judge Stagg exemplified all that is re-spectable and dignified in the judiciary and was a mentor and role model for all attor-neys within and beyond the Western District of Louisiana; and (5) the naming of the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, after Judge Stagg would honor his name and the legacy he left to all citizens of the West-ern District of Louisiana. (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’’. (c) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (b) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’’. f 
NATIONAL HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITUTIONS WEEK Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 565, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 565) designating the week beginning September 12, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 565) was agreed to. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 566, S. Res. 567, S. Res. 568, and S. Res. 569. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 3348 Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I under-stand that S. 3348, introduced earlier today by Senator W
YDEN , is at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3348) to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require can-didates of major parties for the office of President to disclose recent tax return infor-mation. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I now ask for its second reading and object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 2016 Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 3 p.m., Monday, September 19; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 5325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 2016, AT 3 P.M. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:28 p.m., adjourned until Monday, September 19, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate September 15, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
SUSAN S. GIBSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL OF THE NATIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. TIMOTHY M. RAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. MARK C. NOWLAND THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JERRY P. MARTINEZ 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. PAUL M. NAKASONE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. AUNDRE F. PIGGEE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. CHARLES A. RICHARD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. PHILIP G. HOWE 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHARLES L. PLUMMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. SAMUEL A. GREAVES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MARK D. KELLY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOSEPH F. JARRARD THE FOLLOWING OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. LAUREL J. HUMMEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. GUSTAVE F. PERNA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE VICE CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 10505 AND 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DANIEL R. HOKANSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.055 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5869 September 15, 2016 
WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. JAMES G. FOGGO III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JOHN W. RAYMOND AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NATHAN J. ABEL AND ENDING WITH BAI LAN ZHU, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 16, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH EBON S. ALLEY AND ENDING WITH KENDRA S. ZBIR, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 16, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH OLUJIMISOLA M. ADELANI AND ENDING WITH KELLIE J. ZENTZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 16, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVEN S. ALEXANDER AND ENDING WITH STACEY SCOTT ZDANAVAGE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF REBECCA L. POWERS, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF WILLIAM L. WHITE, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ANTHONY B. MULHARE, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT M. CLONTZ II AND ENDING WITH REBECCA K. KEMMET, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF PAUL K. CLARK, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ANTHONY S. ROBBINS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF ANDRELL J. HARDY, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF HECTOR I. MARTINEZPINEIRO, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHATTIE N. LEVY AND ENDING WITH LISA G. WILSON, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ARTHUR J. BILENKER AND ENDING WITH INEZ E. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN J. BRADY AND ENDING WITH ELIZABETH A. WERNS, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD J. BUTALLA AND ENDING WITH MARK B. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER B. AASGAARD AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM A. SOCRATES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF PAUL V. RAHM, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL A. DEAN AND ENDING WITH MARK O. WORLEY, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JONNIE L. BAI-LEY AND ENDING WITH ILONA L. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GORDON B. CHIU AND ENDING WITH PAUL A. VIATOR, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SCOTT B. ARMEN AND ENDING WITH JON S. YAMAGUCHI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH THAD J. COL-LARD AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL L. YOST, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANN M. B. HALL AND ENDING WITH DAVID W. ROSE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GARRY E. ONEAL AND ENDING WITH CRISTOPHER A. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 14, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FREDDY L. ADAMS II AND ENDING WITH D012362, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALISSA R. ACKLEY AND ENDING WITH D003185, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GEOFFREY R. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH D005579, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRIAN BICKEL AND ENDING WITH MELISSA F. TUCKER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KYLE D. AEMISEGGER AND ENDING WITH SARAH M. ZATE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN E. SHEMANSKI, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER D. BAYSA AND ENDING WITH SARAH A. WILLIAMS BROWN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ADRIENNE B. ARI AND ENDING WITH CHARLES D. ZIMMERMAN, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NORMAN W. GILL III AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL A. ROBERTSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DERRON A. ALVES AND ENDING WITH CHAD A. WEDDELL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHANTIL A. ALEXANDER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF YEVGENY S. VINDMAN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID G. OTT, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF GEOFFREY J. COLE, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JEFFREY D. MCCOY, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSEPH T. ALWAN AND ENDING WITH NICHOLAS D. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DUSTIN M. AL-BERT AND ENDING WITH JENNIFER E. ZUCCARELLI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BUSTER D. AKERS, JR. AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL T. ZELL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF RICHARD L. WEAVER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF GAIL E. S. YOSHITANI, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF RICHARD A. DORCHAK, JR., TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ARISTIDIS KATERELOS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF SCOTT C. MORAN, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MONA M. MCFADDEN, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NICOLE N. CLARK AND ENDING WITH SUSAN R. SINGALEWITCH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF CLAYTON T. HERRIFORD, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES R. BOULWARE AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW S. WYSOCKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID E. FOSTER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JUSTIN J. ORTON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF TINA R. HARTLEY, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MELAINE A. WILLIAMS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ANTHONY T. SAMPSON, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KENRIC T. ABAN AND ENDING WITH ERIC H. YEUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRENT N. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH EMILY L. ZYWICKE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TERESITA AL-STON AND ENDING WITH ERIN K. ZIZAK, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DYLAN T. BURCH AND ENDING WITH LUKE A. WHITTEMORE, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BROOKE M. BASFORD AND ENDING WITH MALISSA D. WICKERSHAM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RYAN P. ANDER-SON AND ENDING WITH SCOTT A. WILSON, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JENNIFER D. BOWDEN AND ENDING WITH ROBERT B. WILLS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRADLEY M. BAER AND ENDING WITH GREGORY J. WOODS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF RICHARD M. CAMARENA, TO BE COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JULIO A. ALARCON AND ENDING WITH JODI M. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROLANDA A. FINDLAY AND ENDING WITH DAPHNE P. MORRISONPONCE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF RUSSELL A. MAYNARD, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF WILLIAM J. KAISER, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NICOLE A. AGUIRRE AND ENDING WITH AMY F. ZUCHARO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALICE A. T. ALCORN AND ENDING WITH MALKA ZIPPERSTEIN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JULIE M. C. AN-DERSON AND ENDING WITH BRADLEY S. WELLS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BENJAMIN D. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL F. WHITICAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEPHEN K. AFFUL AND ENDING WITH ALESSANDRA E. ZIEGLER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SCOTT E. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH CHARMAINE R. YAP, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RAYMOND B. ADKINS AND ENDING WITH GALE B. WHITE, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL I. AHN AND ENDING WITH SHANNON L. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DENNIS L. LANG, JR. AND ENDING WITH YASMIRA LEFFAKIS, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF KAREN J. SANKESRITLAND, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK F. BIBEAU AND ENDING WITH JASON A. LAURION, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF RANDALL L. MCATEE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF JOHN F. CAPACCHIONE, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF STUART T. KIRKBY, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF CARRIE M. MERCIER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15SE6.010 S15SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1279 September 15, 2016 
REGULATORY INTEGRITY ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 14, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5226) to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relat-ing to pending agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in oppo-sition to HR 5226, the Regulatory Integrity Act of 2016. The Regulatory Integrity Act seeks to bar a federal agency from promoting or soliciting public support for its actions, such as pro-posed regulatory rules. Under current law, agencies are already prohibited from spending funds on publicity or propaganda lobbying, but in some cases agencies may communicate with the public regarding the benefits of a rule. If this bill becomes law, any such action could be interpreted as illegal. Further troubling, the bill requires an agency to report each of its communications with the public on the rules about which the Agency has been most vocal. Such an effort will dramatically increase the cost of Federal rulemaking to the public. In my opposition to this bill, I associate my-self with the remarks of Ranking Member E
LI-
JAH CUMMINGS who said, ‘‘Agencies already are barred from engaging in ‘substantial grass-roots lobbying campaigns’ when those cam-paigns are aimed at encouraging members of the public to pressure Members of Congress to support the Administration or department legislative or appropriation proposals. The bill would require agencies to report to Congress every communication to the public—including every oral communication from an agency offi-cial—about the five regulatory actions the agency issued the most communications on in the previous year. This would be unneces-sarily burdensome and likely would not be workable for agencies.’’ The Administration also opposes the bill, threatening a veto on the grounds that the measure is ‘‘duplicative, vague, costly and puts unnecessary procedure requirements on agencies that would prevent them from effi-ciently performing their statutory responsibil-ities and potentially lead to a less informed public.’’ The public has a right to know how a pro-posed regulation will affect them personally and the agency issuing that regulation is uniquely qualified to offer the data necessary to make that determination. In the absence of such information, the public will be at the mercy of any well-funded special interest or high priced lobbyist who might want to defeat regulations that protect the public interest, but not their profits. IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL E. KUNZ HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Michael E. Kunz to our federal court system. Mr. Kunz retired this past July after more than forty years of service in the Eastern Judicial District of Pennsyl-vania, including more than 37 years as its chief clerk. Mr. Kunz was respected and beloved by all who had business before the court—judges, prosecutors, attorneys and others—and he left an indelible mark in the halls of the court-house in Philadelphia. During Mr. Kunz’s tenure as chief clerk—the longest of any clerk in the history of the East-ern District—he oversaw unprecedented growth, expansion and modernization of the court. On the day of Michael’s appointment in 1979, there were just 24 judges and some 50 employees within the Clerk’s Office. Today, there are nearly twice as many judges and more than 200 employees facilitating the day- to-day operation of the judicial system. I had the privilege of serving with Michael during my own tenure as U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District. I was always impressed by his tireless commitment, his ability and his loy-alty to the court he served. I’m proud to call him my friend. I wish him the best in his retire-ment and I commend him for his decades of service. 
f 
HONORING BODEGA MARINE LABORATORY 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues, Representatives J
OHN G
ARAMENDI and M IKETHOMPSON , to recognize the University of California, Davis’ Bodega Ma-rine Laboratory upon its 50th anniversary. Seated on the 362-acre Bodega Marine Re-serve within the University’s Natural Reserve System, which supports the highest number of research projects of any reserve in the state and arguably in the nation, the Bodega Marine Laboratory is the primary open-coast research facility along the California coast. Since its founding in 1966 by the University of California, Berkeley, this instrumental coast-al and marine sciences laboratory has edu-cated thousands of students, coordinated hun-dreds of projects with local and state agencies and has conducted outreach education initia-tives in local communities. The Bodega Marine Laboratory’s history of research, education, and outreach has contributed substantially to the strength of California’s habitats. The Bodega Marine Laboratory’s inter-disciplinary, collaborative approach to ad-dressing California’s unique environmental challenges has established California as a prime example of what we can accomplish through coordinated efforts to protect our nat-ural resources. Mr. Speaker, it is therefore fitting that we congratulate the Bodega Marine Laboratory upon its 50th anniversary, and thank its lead-ership and staff for their invaluable contribu-tions to our environment and community. f 
GROWTH AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize this week, September 19–23, as Growth Awareness Week in order to realize the reality of growth disorders and their impact on our children’s health. Monitoring growth is a major sign of a child’s overall health and physical develop-ment. When a child’s growth is delayed, it is an early indicator of potential underlying med-ical disorders. According to the Pictures of Standard Syndromes and Undiagnosed Mal-formations (POSSUM) database, more than 600 serious diseases and health conditions cause growth failure. These diseases range from nutritional disturbances and hormone im-balances to serious conditions such as un-identified kidney problems and even brain tu-mors that can all exhibit early signs by chang-ing how much that child grows. Too many chil-dren with serious growth disorders are not re-ceiving the medical attention they need be-cause their condition is not caught at an early age. In fact, 48 percent of children in the U.S. who were evaluated with the two most com-mon causes of growth failure went undiagnosed. The longer a child with growth failure goes undiagnosed, the greater the potential for damage and higher costs of care. Early detec-tion and diagnosis are crucial in ensuring a healthy future for a child with growth failure. Therefore, raising public awareness of, and educating the public about growth failure is a vital public service. Growth Awareness Week is a key tool in educating families on their children’s health, and I would like to thank the tremendous ef-forts of the MAGIC Foundation for their incred-ible work in furthering public awareness and understanding of growth failure. I look forward to working with my colleagues to improve the lives and health of children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE8.001 E15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1280 September 15, 2016 
CELEBRATING DOUBLE TEN DAY 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, Monday, October 10 is Taiwan’s National Day—also known as Double Ten Day. Since this body will not be in session that day, I would like to offer my early best wishes to the people of Taiwan. Taiwan is a close trade partner and ally of the US in the Asia-Pacific region. A fine exam-ple of the trade relationship between Taiwan and the U.S. is Formosa Plastics Corporation, a Taiwanese company heavily invested in the district I represent. They are a major employer in the region and are actively involved in the community. Last year, Eva Air, one of the biggest Tai-wanese airlines, launched the direct flight route between Houston, Texas and Taipei, Taiwan, and will soon be offering direct flights between Dallas/Ft. Worth and Taipei. These flights shore up the business and cultural ties between Taiwan, Texas and the entire U.S. I am glad to see closer trade ties between Taiwan and the US. It is my belief Taiwan should be included in the International Civil Aviation Organization (I-C-A-O), which works to secure the civil aviation throughout the world. The ICAO’s 39th Triennial Assembly will meet in Montreal on September 27. I hope that Taiwan will be invited to attend the As-sembly as it was three years ago. Again, I wish the people of Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day, and I look forward to working closely with Taiwanese people to further en-hance our bilateral relations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ODESSA COLLEGE’S DESIGN FOR COMPLETION PRO-GRAM 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Odessa College for being named a Finalist in Excelencia in Education. This honor was bestowed on Odessa College for their work in raising retention rates through their Design for Completion program. Starting in 2011, Odessa College created a framework to provide meaningful connections and engagements between their students and faculty. Design for Completion is focused on the student and their success in the classroom and beyond. This initiative places students on a distinct and coherent pathway that provides the necessary support and resources vital to their collegiate careers. Since implementing Design for Completion, retention and student success rates have dra-matically increased across campus, especially among Hispanic students. Through this pro-gram, Odessa College has instilled confidence in their students by showing them that they can accomplish any goal that they set out to conquer. Odessa College hopes that this pro-gram serves as a model that other higher edu-cation institutions can use to help other stu-dents succeed in their academic studies. A strong education system contributes greatly to the success and growth of our coun-try, and is the key to not only our individual achievement, but also to our competitiveness as a nation. Programs like Design for Comple-tion helps our nation achieve these goals and reach our fullest potential. I am honored to have the opportunity to represent Odessa Col-lege and wish them continued success. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF BELLEVUE COL-LEGE 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Belle-vue College and its great work toward edu-cating students in my home state of Wash-ington. Bellevue College was founded in 1966 as a small community college with fewer than 500 students. Fifty years later, it has grown into two campuses with an enrollment of nearly 33,000 students each year, becoming Wash-ington’s largest community college. Throughout its tremendous growth, Bellevue College has remained committed to providing all students with access to affordable, quality higher education. Today, the institution’s students are able to take advantage of nearly 100 different profes-sional and technical programs or pursue one of the 10 bachelor degrees offered by the col-lege. I would like to thank all of the school’s fac-ulty, staff and administrators for their hard work and commitment to helping their students and the college succeed. Bellevue College has done a remarkable job preparing its students for the future, and I look forward to seeing what the next 50 years hold. Happy anniversary to the entire Bellevue Col-lege community. 
f 
ERITREA: A NEGLECTED REGIONAL THREAT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, in 1993, the citizens of Eritrea, then a province of Ethiopia, voted to become an independent nation. Ethiopia had annexed Eritrea in 1962, and its citizens no doubt believed they were well on their way to controlling their destiny. Unfortunately, their hopes would soon be dashed. Elections have been repeatedly post-poned, and opposition political parties are no longer able to organize. Those same initial hopes for democracy and good government in Eritrea also were held by the international community. In a March 1997 report on the U.S. Agency for International De-velopment program in Eritrea, the American aid agency had high praise for its collaboration with the Eritrean government: ‘‘Over the past year, the young state of Eritrea continued its exciting and pace-setting experiment in nation- building, and, similarly, USAID/Eritrea estab-lished itself as Eritrea’s leading development partner.’’ Within a few years, the Government of Eri-trea ended its relationship with USAID, but this decision was originally taken as a sign that Eritrea was ready to become an example to the rest of the developing world by managing its own humanitarian needs. Yet Eritrea’s gov-ernment instead merely became less open, and when an East African drought occurred in 2011, we knew very little about how Eritreans were faring. Today, we know that two-thirds of Eritreans live on subsistence agriculture, which has had poor yields due to recurring droughts and low productivity. What we also know is that Eritrea’s citizens are living under a regime that does not honor their human rights. In June of this year, the UN Human Rights Council released a report that accused the Government of Eritrea with a variety of violations, including extrajudicial executions, torture, indefinitely prolonged na-tional service and forced labor, and sexual harassment, rape and sexual servitude by state officials. In its Trafficking in Persons Report from June 2016, the State Department listed Eritrea as ‘Tier 3’ and stated, ‘‘Eritrea is a source country for men, women, and children sub-jected to forced labor . . . the government did not investigate, prosecute, or convict traf-ficking offenders during the reporting year . . . the government demonstrated negligible ef-forts to identify and protect trafficking victims . . . the government maintained minimal ef-forts to prevent trafficking.’’ In their most recent International Religious Freedom Report, the State Department listed Eritrea as a Country of Particular Concern. Moreover, the U.S. Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom lists Eritrea as a Tier 1 Country of Particular Concern for its egregious religious freedom violations. Eri-trea’s government interferes with the internal affairs of registered religious groups and re-presses the religious liberty of those faith groups it refuses to register, such as Evan-gelical and Pentecostal Christians, Jehovah’s Witnesses and Muslims who do not follow the government-appointed head of the Islamic community. Furthermore, the government has a record of arbitrary arrests of believers and their leaders and reportedly tortures those in prolonged detention. As a result of the authoritarian government’s actions, Eritrea is considered one of the world’s fastest emptying nations, with about half a million of the country’s citizens having left their homes for often dangerous paths to freedom. An estimated 5,000 Eritreans leave their country each month. In a July 9, 2015, hearing by our sub-committee on African refugees, John Stauffer, President of the America Team for Displaced Eritreans, told us that Eritrean Government of-ficials operated freely in eastern Sudan, ar-resting and bringing back to Eritrea those they considered high-value targets among refu-gees, such as government officials or church leaders. He also testified that refugees moving east may be kidnapped and extorted locally for a few thousand dollars, or taken off to Egypt or Libya where they are abused. That abuse often included organ harvesting. In the past year, the world has witnessed a flood of Eritrean refugees risking their lives on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15SE8.004 E15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1281 September 15, 2016 
too-often unseaworthy boats bound for Eu-rope. The prevalence of Eritreans among refu-gees has been overshadowed by refugees from the Middle East, especially Syria. The United Kingdom, one of the prime destinations for Eritrean refugees, apparently wanted to slow down the flow of Eritreans into the coun-try. Earlier this year, the UK reduced the per-centage of Eritrean asylum claims from 95 percent to 28 percent. Directly addressing the root causes of the flight of Eritreans seems a better policy than trying to determine the final destination of Eri-treans who feel forced to leave home. That means an enhanced level of communication between Eritrea’s government and the inter-national community. There have been quiet contacts between Eritrea’s government, the U.S. Government, and civil society. A hearing I convened yesterday examined how such contacts have developed. Can the United States form a relationship with a government it has under sanction? Does the dire situation in which Eritrea’s people live require an alteration of U.S. pol-icy? What would a change in policy mean for the international effort to hold Eritrea’s govern-ment responsible for blatant human rights vio-lations? These and other questions must be an-swered before there is any policy adjustment toward Eritrea. 
f 
NATIONAL POW/MIA RECOGNITION DAY 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call my colleagues’ attention to a very special POW/MIA memorial dedication ceremony tak-ing place in my home town of Lakeland, Flor-ida. As flags are raised across America this week in honor of National POW/MIA Recogni-tion Day, we must stand united as a nation re-membering and honoring those captured and those who have gone missing while serving our great country, as well as their loved ones. Today, as in every day, we shall live by the POW/MIA flag’s creed: You Are Not Forgotten. No other country has devoted as much en-ergy and as many resources to account for its missing or captured like the United States of America. Our debt to American prisoners of war, those missing in action, and the families of these brave soldiers can never truly be re-paid. America’s service members are the back-bone of the freedom and prosperity this coun-try has been blessed with for more than two hundred years. The sacrifices made by these courageous and selfless men and women in uniform, on behalf of perfect strangers, em-bodies the American spirit of patriotism. Few among us will ever understand the pain and fear associated with knowing a loved one is captured or missing in a warzone across the globe. We as a nation must join together to honor those who have sacrificed so greatly today, and every day. Without their sacrifices, we would not be able to enjoy the liberties we are blessed with today. Let us never take for granted their selfless protection of our great nation and its people. May God continue to watch over our valiant soldiers, and return them safely home, and may God continue to bless the United States of America. f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA ENDANGERS U.S. CITIZENS BY CLOSING GITMO 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, sitting in Guantanamo Bay are cold-blooded, calculating terrorists that have either already killed Ameri-cans or had planned to do so. The high-secu-rity prisoners that remain at GITMO committed some of the most repulsive crimes known to all of us. Despite this fact, this Administration—since literally day one—has promised to close GITMO all together and release these terror-ists back into the world. Mr. Speaker, why would we do that? Many of the terrorists we have released have re-entered the battlefield. The Adminis-tration even admitted earlier this year that at least 12 former detainees were implicated in attacks overseas against Americans and our allies—and those are just the ones we know of. So why would we continue to let terrorists go? Mr. Speaker, I have been to GITMO. Most Americans would be surprised to know it’s ac-tually nicer than most facilities we have here in the states. GITMO has soccer fields, volleyball courts, table tennis, you name it. It also has new medical facilities and new dental facilities. When I visited GITMO, I ate the same meal the prisoners did, and the food was good. But the Administration is more concerned with the President’s legacy than global safety and the potential victims of these prisoners’ at-tacks. I do not think the White House has its priorities straight. That’s why I’m happy to support Congress-woman W
ALORSKI ’s efforts to prohibit the transfer of any detainees from GITMO. Trans-ferring detainees from Guantanamo endangers American citizens, and it endangers our na-tional security. Put simply, it is a bad idea. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE OF LTC CHARLES S. KETTLES 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a recent Medal of Honor recipient, LTC Charles S. Kettles. LTC Kettles will be honored at the Fort Wolters Historical Park’s Medal of Honor Day in Mineral Wells, Texas on September 17, 2016. This ceremony recog-nizes the lives of individuals who were sta-tioned at Fort Wolters at some point in their career and received our nation’s highest mili-tary commendation. On May 15, 1967, Charles was serving as the Flight Commander of the 176th Aviation Company in the 14th Combat Aviation Bat-talion, American Division near Duc Pho, Re-public of Vietnam. On that day, an airborne in-fantry unit came under heavy enemy fire and suffered casualties. Charles immediately vol-unteered to lead a flight of six UH–1D heli-copters to carry reinforcements to the embat-tled force and evacuate his wounded brothers. Upon arriving at the landing zone, Charles and his crew faced a savage barrage of enemy fire that inflicted heavy damage to their fleet. De-spite all of this, Charles refused to depart until all helicopters were loaded to capacity. With his aircraft severely damaged and leaking fuel, Charles skillfully guided his helicopter back to base. Later that day, the Infantry Battalion Com-mander requested immediate, emergency ex-traction of the remaining 40 soldiers that were stranded after their helicopter was downed by enemy fire. Again, Charles volunteered to lead a flight of six evacuation helicopters to return back to the deadly landing zone, making this his third trip that day. During the extraction, Charles was told that all personnel were ac-counted for and he, along with his team and Army gunships, left the battlefield. Shortly after departing, Charles was in-formed that eight troops had been unable to reach the evacuation helicopters due to being pinned down by intense heavy fire. With com-plete disregard for his safety, Charles passed the lead to another helicopter and reversed course back to the landing zone. Without any artillery and tactical support, enemy forces concentrated all firepower on Charles’ heli-copter. His aircraft was immediately damaged by a mortar round that shattered his front windshields and the body of the helicopter was riddled with small arms and machine gun bullets. Despite these circumstances, Charles was able to buy enough time to allow the re-maining eight soldiers to board the helicopter. Once in the air, Charles was able to safely guide his severely mangled aircraft back to the base. Without LTC Kettles’ heroic deeds that day, the dozens of soldiers he had saved would not have come home to their loved ones. His self-less acts of valor exemplified the values of honor and service that makes our nation’s military the finest in the world. It is with great pleasure and honor that I am able to share his story with all of my colleagues in the House. f 
HONORING SHELLEY KESSLER, RE-TIRED EXECUTIVE SECRETARY- TREASURER, SAN MATEO COUN-TY CENTRAL LABOR COUNCIL 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of an outstanding woman leader in San Mateo County, Ms. Shelley Kessler. She is leaving her position as Executive Secretary-Treasurer of the San Mateo County Central Labor Council, a posi-tion that she has held—and honored through her exemplary leadership—for twenty years. I am honored to call Shelley a trusted friend. She is a remarkable leader in public policy. She is a person who is willing to listen and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15SE8.008 E15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1282 September 15, 2016 
compromise, but she is also capable of hold-ing the line when she seeks justice for those whom she services. No one would ever ac-cuse Shelley Kessler of being a shrinking vio-let. However, she also seeks progress on be-half of the working men and women of San Mateo County without seeking credit for her-self. In short, she is a forceful, thoughtful ad-vocate for fair wages, safe working conditions, and for long-term public policies that benefit all San Mateo County workers. Shelley has two bachelor’s degrees from Sonoma State University and spent a year in law school. She was a trailblazer in the auto manufacturing workforce as she was hired by General Motors in 1977 during a time when the company was under a consent decree re-quiring it to hire more women. She worked as a spot welder on an assembly line and even-tually was elected to a full-time position in the United Auto Workers. She later moved to Westinghouse Electric, working as a mechanic on turbines, generators and marine ordinance. While she was working at Westinghouse, she was also elected to leadership positions in Machinists Union Local 565. Fortune shined on San Mateo County when Shelley applied for a job at our local labor council. She led a strong and responsive team and built relationships with elected officials at all levels of government. Her intellect, thor-ough understanding of issues and willingness to negotiate are legendary. For example, San Francisco International Airport is one of the largest employers in San Mateo County. The 45,000 workers throughout this giant complex have Shelley and her part-ners at the labor council to thank for the out-standing working conditions that the airport di-rector has informed me contribute to security throughout the facility. Instead of having an ever-rotating list of tens of thousands of per-sons with access to these critical facilities, people who enter the labor force at the air-port—whether through the airport itself or var-ious vendors—are assured a living wage and decent benefits. This directly contributes to a stable workforce that treasures the airport and honors its need for security. Shelley also led the way in establishing PALCARE for airport workers and the sur-rounding community, an innovative child care center that allows working families with un-usual work hours to have a safe place for childcare. She is also a leading advocate for affordable housing and affordable health care. She donates her time to the American Heart Association and to KQED, our local public tel-evision and radio affiliate, and she has pre-served and strengthened the UC Berkeley Labor Center. She has served as Vice President of the California Labor Federation, and was once se-lected as ‘‘Woman Labor Leader of the Year’’ by the federation. She has also been inducted into the San Mateo County Women’s Hall of Fame. She gets her greatest joy from her hus-band Dennis, a retired firefighter who discov-ered that being with Shelley was a step up from the energy needed to extinguish a mas-sive blaze. The man is as cool as Shelley is hot. Mr. Speaker, San Mateo County has had many leading citizens over the decades, in-cluding such historical figures as the founder of the Bank of America or the CEOs of giant social media sites. Thankfully, we also have had a thoughtful, honorable advocate for work-ing women and men: Shelley Kessler. We are losing a leader but gaining an adventurous re-tiree. It’s doubtful that the county will ever be the same. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 505, on Wednesday, September 14, 2016 I was delayed on my way to the U.S. House of Representatives floor and missed the first vote of the series—Ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 863. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE IRON MEN HEALTH FAIR 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Iron Men Health Fair being held on Saturday, September 17, 2016 from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. at Central Georgia Technical College in Macon, Georgia. Hosted by Macon-Bibb County, the Macon Chapter of the Georgia Prostate Cancer Coali-tion, and their partners, the Iron Men Health Fair is the manifestation of Middle Georgia’s mission to improve health and wellness for men. Throughout the duration of the fair, the men of Middle Georgia will have access to a plethora of health and wellness resources, in-cluding screenings for glucose, hypertension, cholesterol, vision, hearing, body mass index, HIV, and prostate cancer. In recognition of Prostate Cancer Aware-ness Month, the Iron Men Health Fair will help in the fight to defeat prostate cancer—the sec-ond leading cause of cancer death among men in the United States. Prostate cancer is a complex disease that can take several forms. Some forms of this cancer are non-life- threatening, but other forms can be extremely aggressive and lethal. These subtypes of prostate cancer take more than 29,000 lives each year. In Georgia alone, 5,000 men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer this year and approximately 1,000 of those men will die from the disease. For African-American men, prostate cancer is 1.6 times more common and 2.4 times more deadly than for Caucasian men. Although prostate cancer has been a story of heartbreak and tragedy for so many, it can also be one of great hope. If diagnosed early, men with prostate cancer have a 100 percent survival rate five years out. And at ten years after diagnosis, 98 percent of men who were diagnosed early remain alive and have the op-portunity to lead healthy, happy lives for years to come. This year, President Barack Obama has again declared September to be National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month. This month is meant to be a time dedicated to being aware, staying informed, and making proactive decisions in the fight against this all- too-common disease. According to the Pros-tate Cancer Foundation, early detection is the key to defeating this disease, especially for men over the age of 40. The Iron Men Health Fair embodies that mission. No cancer, espe-cially prostate cancer, should be considered as a death sentence. With early detection, prostate cancer can be a curable and treat-able disease. Getting tested regularly for pros-tate cancer and taking one’s health seriously should not be taboo for any man. Every Amer-ican deserves the chance to lead a happy, healthy life. During the month of September, we want to honor the lives we have lost to prostate can-cer, highlight how far we have come, and re-double our efforts in beating prostate cancer once and for all through continued awareness and breakthrough research. The Iron Men Health Fair collaborators’ commitment to end-ing prostate cancer is a worthwhile one as they had over 300 men attend and participate in the fair last year. The fair may very well play an important role in saving the lives of many men this year. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the Iron Men Health Fair, Macon-Bibb County, the Macon Chapter of the Georgia Prostate Cancer Coalition, and their partners for their commitment to promoting prostate cancer awareness as well as the gen-eral health and wellbeing for the men of Mid-dle Georgia. 
f 
NATIONAL POW/MIA RECOGNITION DAY 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member those who were prisoners of war and those who are still missing in action, as well as their families, who continue to grieve their loss. Mr. Speaker, as you know, Friday, Sep-tember 16, is National POW/MIA Recognition Day. According to the Defense POW/MIA Ac-counting Agency, at present there are more than 82,000 Americans missing from World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, the Cold War, the Gulf Wars and other conflicts. In fact, from Pinellas County, Florida alone, there are five Americans still unaccounted for from the Vietnam War: Christos Bogiages of Clearwater, Jack DeCaire of St. Petersburg, Carl Laker of Clearwater, Dennis Neal of Tar-pon Springs, and Jan Nelson of Clearwater. As a nation, let us never forget those who were left behind, and let us continue to pursue every available effort to bring home all of our men and women who have served this great country. I urge my colleagues to join me in remem-bering those who have not yet returned from the battlefield, and let us, as a nation, always recognize their great sacrifice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE8.002 E15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1283 September 15, 2016 
RECOGNITION OF THE NEWLY UN-VEILED NATIONAL SHRINE OF OUR LADY OF CZESTOCHOWA 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to pay tribute to the memory of the armed soldiers who resisted communism in Poland during the period between 1944 and 1963, men and women who are referred to as the ‘‘Doomed Soldiers.’’ The monument at the National Shrine of Our Lady of Czestochowa in Doylestown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, was unveiled on September 18, 2016 and re-spectfully dedicated to those who fought and defended Poland against the aggressive occu-pation by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union. The monument honoring these patriots was erected by the Smolensk Disaster Commemo-ration Committee with the help of many Polish Americans. Historically, the fight for freedom began in 1939. The brave Polish people con-tinued to struggle for independence, under-ground, also opposing the communist regime in the post-World War II era. The monument at the National Shrine of Our Lady of Czesto-chowa is a way to preserve their place in Po-land’s history. On behalf of the constituents of Pennsylvania’s 8th Congressional District, I extend a warm welcome to His Excellency Andrzej Duda, president of the Republic of Po-land. I offer my sincerest gratitude for his presence at the dedication on September 18, 2016 and for representing today’s Polish citi-zens who steadfastly honor the memory of those who sacrificed their lives for the cause of freedom they enjoy today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JIM O’DONNELL 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dr. Jim O’Donnell who has been a pediatrician with Kaiser Permanente for 35 years. For the last 16 years he served in a vital leadership role as Physician-in-Chief at the Redwood City Medical Center. Jim is everything a patient can hope for in a physician. He is brilliant, warm, funny, and up to date on the latest re-search and technology. In addition to his pedi-atric caseload, Dr. O’Donnell cared for my par-ents and I could not have imagined a more skilled physician to offer care to them. Dr. O’Donnell is a visionary. He led the ne-gotiations and planning for the new Redwood City hospital that opened in December 2014. At the ribbon cutting, Kaiser CEO Bernard Tyson noted that he was initially skeptical of the proposal for a new hospital. Now I ask ev-eryone to imagine a poker game between Jim O’Donnell and Bernard Tyson. Let me assure you that it was never an even match. Jim bluffed many times, and eventually Bernard Tyson was forced to fold. South County Kaiser patients won the pot, and it was quite lucra-tive—perhaps a bit costly for Mr. Tyson—but the hospital is truly amazing. In addition to its ultra-modern equipment, the hospital offers green architecture and a soothing environment filled with warm colors and beautiful artwork. The hospital is also a designated stroke center. The American Heart Association and American Stroke Association have awarded it the ‘‘Get With The Guidelines Stroke Gold Plus Quality Achievement Award’’ for providing patients with the best possible care. U.S. News & World Report named it a high performing hospital for neuroscience. Planning a new hospital and seeing patients wasn’t enough, and thus Jim was also instru-mental in opening the San Mateo Medical Of-fices in 2011. He is always looking for new and creative ways to improve care for pa-tients. Jim O’Donnell is Kaiser’s Johnny Appleseed of clinic and hospital construction. I suspect that his name is well known by Kai-ser’s capital allocation committee, and most likely because Jim is as prudent with Kaiser’s construction dollars as he is with the health of his patients. Dr. O’Donnell grew up in a small farming community in Iowa. His interest in public serv-ice and his honing of great people skills began early when he worked in his father’s general store. He developed a deep fascination with science. Combining those three ingredients naturally led him to medicine. He received his medical degree from the University of Iowa, College of Medicine in Iowa City. He com-pleted his medical internship and residency at the University of Michigan Hospitals in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He is also a 1998 graduate of the Kenan Flagler School of Business Ad-vanced Leadership Program at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. The reason he chose pediatrics is obvious. He loves children. His awe watching young children grow up and his passion to help them develop into productive and healthy adoles-cents are palpable. After he finished his residency in 1980, Jim moved to the Bay Area. He chose Kaiser Permanente because he liked its preventative focus and its integrated model of care. We are immensely fortunate that Jim settled here and made Redwood City his home with his hus-band, Michael, and he says his most joyful ex-perience in life is time with his two daughters, Emma and Audie. For 15 years, Jim O’Donnell has served on Redwood City 2020, a partnership among the City of Redwood City, the elementary and high school districts, San Mateo County, Stanford University, the Sequoia Healthcare District and Kaiser Permanente designed to support the success of all youth and families and to en-gage and strengthen the community. Jim’s strategic thinking, problem-solving ability and passion have benefited everyone in that part-nership and our community at large. In his well-deserved retirement, Jim will enjoy more time with his family and finally have more time to read, hike, cook and take advantage of our great Bay Area restaurants. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to rise with me to honor Dr. Jim O’Donnell, a top-notch doctor, devoted family man, and extraordinary human being who I am very fortunate to call my good friend. While he is leaving Kaiser Permanente, he leaves behind a first-class hospital with a world-class medical team. His vision for a healthy Redwood City has come alive under his stewardship. His child—the hospital—and the staff that animate the child will now say farewell to their father, but the lessons learned from Jim’s instruction will save lives for dec-ades yet to come. HONORING EL CONCILIO HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to acknowledge and honor El Concilio, the Coun-cil for the Spanish Speaking, for their partici-pation in the Sixteenth Annual Binational Health Week, taking place this October. Since October 2001, El Concilio has led the Binational Health Week of Stanislaus County in a collaborative effort with a number of part-ner organizations, including the Tzu Chi Foun-dation and the Health Initiative of the Amer-icas. This unprecedented effort is overseen by multi-agency taskforces, and conducts health promotion and education activities for the Latino population in the United States. To date, over 1,000,000 people in our country have benefited from the health care activities provided during the Binational Health Week. Binational Health Week represents an inter-national effort between the United States, Mexico, Canada, Guatemala, Honduras, Co-lombia, Ecuador, Bolivia, Nicaragua, Ven-ezuela, Uruguay and Peru to improve the quality of life for members of underserved populations by expanding their access to health care, increasing their health insurance coverage, and addressing their unmet health needs. The Health Initiative of the Americas, and the consular network here in the United States, are coordinating the Sixteenth Annual Binational Health Week. Activities throughout the country will be centered on the commu-nities that have a high level of need for acces-sible health care. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending El Concilio upon their efforts to improve public health for the Latino community by participating in the Sixteenth Annual Bina-tional Health Week. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 275TH ANNI-VERSARY OF UPPER HANOVER TOWNSHIP 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the resi-dents, businesses and Board of Supervisors of Upper Hanover Township as they celebrate 275 years as a municipality in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. Settled by German-speaking immigrants seeking religious tolerance and economic op-portunity, Upper Hanover Township was for-mally incorporated in 1741. During the Town-ship’s early years, agriculture thrived thanks to the rich soil and skilled German farmers. The building construction industry blossomed as a result of an abundance of granite boulders mined from the Hosensack Hills and easily-ac-cessible water from the Perkiomen Creek, which powered five gristmills and four saw-mills. Today, more than 7,100 people call Upper Hanover Township home. At just over 21 square miles, Upper Hanover is geographically 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15SE8.006 E15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1284 September 15, 2016 
the fourth-largest Township in Montgomery County. And the Township ranks second in Montgomery County with just more than 1,500 acres of permanently preserved farmland. The major employers in the Township include Blommer Chocolate, the largest cocoa proc-essor and ingredient chocolate supplier in North America, and Knoll Inc., a modern home and office furniture manufacturer. The community will commemorate the Township’s 275th anniversary on Saturday, September 17, 2016 during a day of activities in Camelot Park. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the resi-dents, business owners and community lead-ers as Upper Hanover marks this memorable milestone. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MARK VALENTE III 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, when I was first elected in 2001, I am grateful Mark and Claudia Valente were among the first to give me and Roxanne coun-sel on service to the public. The following obit-uary is a fitting tribute to his service for Amer-ican families. I especially appreciate his affec-tion for Italian-American heritage with my son recently completing a three year tour in Italy with my three Italian-speaking grandchildren: Former Grosse Pointe Park resident Mark Valente III passed away in his home in Spring-field, VA on August 3, 2016. Mark was born July 27, 1956, in Detroit, MI. He graduated in 1974 from University Liggett School, earned an accounting degree from his beloved Villanova University, class of 1978, then went on to earn a Law Degree from the University of Detroit School of Law. Mark left Grosse Pointe in 1984 to work in the Office of Public Liaison at the White House under President Ronald Reagan. In 1986, he became the Director, Coalition De-velopment Department at the Republican Na-tional Committee. In 1989 Mark worked as Di-rector, in the Office of Congressional Rela-tions, at the US Office of Personnel Manage-ment for President George H.W. Bush. After leaving government service, Mark formed a Washington, DC based government relations firm, Valente & Associates, providing legislative analysis and government relations advice. He worked there until his death. Mark was elected to the Grosse Pointe Park city council at age 24, the youngest in the city’s history and was the president of the Detroit Young Republicans during that time. Most recently Mark, a proud grandson of Italian immigrants who emigrated from Abruzzo, Italy, served on the national board of the National Italian American Foundation where he held the leadership role as chairman of the Public Policy and Government Relations Committee and was a board member of the U.S. Capitol Historical Society. Also, he chaired the Board of the Center for Marketing and Public Policy Research at Villanova Uni-versity School of Business. Mark was a long-time supporter of the Baseball Hall of Fame (HOF) and a member of its Champions Program. He was a frequent host of and participant in the HOF events in Washington, DC and other baseball cities. A member of the Detroit Athletic Club, Capitol Hill Club in Washington, DC, and Springfield Golf and Country Club in VA. Mark was a de-voted Detroit Tigers fan and loved to play golf with his friends. He also was a coach and um-pire for Little League and Grosse Pointe Park Babe Ruth league. Mark is survived by his wife Claudia (Bark-er), mother Maria (Ballerini), father Marco Jr., brothers: JB, Richard, Dean, and brother-in- law Craig Barker, nieces and nephew and twelve godchildren. Mark was predeceased by his grandparents Ballerini and Valente. A memorial service is planned at St. Clair of Montefalco Catholic Church, located at the corner of Mack Avenue and Outer Drive in Grosse Pointe Park on August 25th at 10:30 am. Visitation at 10 am. A second memorial service will be held on Wednesday, Sep-tember 14th at 2:00 pm at St. Peter’s Catholic Church, 313 2nd Street SE, Washington, DC. Followed by a reception at the Capitol Hill Club. In lieu of flowers, contributions can be directed to the scholarship being established in the name of Mark Valente III at Villanova University School of Business, ATTN: Clay Center at VSB, 800 E. Lancaster Avenue, Villanova, PA 19085. 
f 
THE RETIREMENT OF AIRPORT DIRECTOR JOHN MARTIN 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mr. John Martin upon his retirement as the Airport Director of San Francisco International Airport. Mr. Martin is leaving his position after 21 years at the helm, and after 36 years work-ing in various capacities for the airport com-mission. SFO is a rapidly expanding enterprise, di-rectly or indirectly employing 45,000 people. John Martin is therefore in charge of a small city and one that links this nation with nations around the globe. His accomplishments reflect this global reach. John piloted the airport through a $2.4 bil-lion expansion including the construction of a beautiful international terminal, the extension of the Bay Area’s major rapid transit line— BART—into the terminal, and the creation of a self-guided tram line. He was instrumental in recruiting Virgin America to establish its head-quarters in San Mateo County, bringing jobs at a time when the economy desperately needed an injection of investment. John Martin has also worked closely with my office to prove that a third-party contractor operating airport screening services can, if the contract is struc-tured and supervised well, provide superior service to passengers. All airport directors have dreams but when their construction projects go awry, some have nightmares as well. In contrast, John success-fully undertook the largest public works project of the era. Terminal 2 was rebuilt and now serves as the launching point for Virgin Amer-ica and American Airlines. The FAA has a new and beautiful tower at SFO, designed by John’s staff and built, as is true of all work at the airport, using highly skilled union labor that proves its value with every weld, hammer blow or polished surface. As he explained to me a few weeks ago during a security tour of the airport, fair wages and working conditions materially contribute to airport security. Instead of a revolving door of disgruntled employees, SFO is notable for try-ing to create a healthy atmosphere where people may earn their livings safely and with dignity. Indeed, there’s an ordinance to assure a livable wage. SFO will soon undertake $4.3 billion in con-struction leading to a new four star hotel, the redevelopment of Terminal 1 and the boarding area of Terminal 3, and an extension of the AirTrain system. This 10 year capital improve-ment program will bring more than 36,000 construction jobs to San Mateo County. The airport’s finances are in excellent shape, in part because of John’s dedication to earning extra money from passengers shop-ping at the airport’s various shops. It is ru-mored that his retail managers have their own version of a biblical admonition: ‘‘It is easier for a rich man to pass through the eye of a needle than it is for an airport visitor to pass by a See’s candy store.’’ John is a gifted public policy leader in the Bay Area, supporting California’s high speed rail system to relieve pressure on his airport, advocating for mass transit throughout the Bay Area, and encouraging coordination between his airport and the other two major airports in our region. He was the founding president of the California Airports Council and served on the executive board of the Bay Area Council, a major public policy advocacy organization. I was once walking through a terminal with him and he paused momentarily to pick up a piece of trash and tossed it into the waste-basket. A few steps later he noticed that a door wasn’t working and phoned airport staff to have it dealt with immediately. Farmers are often noted for the pride that they take in tilling their own fields. John is an excellent farmer and rightfully proud of the field called San Francisco International Airport. Mr. Speaker, we wish John Martin well in his next phase in life. Hopefully he will now have the time to travel and to reflect upon his public service. I feel privileged to have served with him and I submit, given all his out-standing contributions, that one of the termi-nals should be named after him. He deserves to be acknowledged and remembered for the accomplishments of his career that will endure beyond his own era at San Francisco Inter-national Airport. 
f 
HONORING MS. MARGARET ‘‘MAGGIE’’ OWEN POOLE 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks to honor the life of Ms. Margaret ‘‘Maggie’’ Owen Poole, of Max Meadows, Vir-ginia, who passed away on September 7, 2016. She was born November 22, 1932, daughter of the late William N. and Lula Metcalf Owen. I was always impressed with Maggie’s work ethic and energy. Elected in 2007 to the Wythe County Board of Supervisors, she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15SE8.009 E15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1285 September 15, 2016 
spent her life dedicating time and effort to her community. Maggie was the first to offer a helping hand to someone in need, and she put forth astounding effort in every task she un-dertook. In remarks at her funeral, it was said that folks ‘‘felt certain that she is up in Heaven reorganizing things.’’ This is a true reflection of how Maggie lived her life. She will be remem-bered for her generosity and hard work. Maggie will also be remembered for her strong opinions, which she shared confidently without reservation. With Maggie, you never had to wonder where you stood. She was a woman of many interests; a member of St. Paul United Methodist Church, an avid bridge player, and a substitute teacher at George Wythe High School for many years. Maggie was a strong advocate for Wythe County. From her efforts to pave dirt roads, to her de-votion to the development of the industrial site Progress Park, she tirelessly supported cre-ation of local jobs and the betterment of her community. In addition to her position on the Board of Supervisors, Maggie was active in the Wythe County Republican Party, a Wythe County Extension Volunteer, and the recipient of the Honorary FFA State Farmer Degree. Maggie was preceded in death by her hus-band, Jack Stuart Poole and her grandson, Tom Poole. She is survived by two sons and daughters-in-law, Jay and Shelly Poole of Richmond, VA, Owen Poole and Liz Verhalen of Kingsport, TN; daughter and son-in-law, Bil-lie Jean and Kurt Elmer of Bedford, VA; four grandchildren, Mary Elmer of Raleigh, NC, Kate and Brandon Turner of Christiansburg, VA, Morgan Poole of Minneapolis, MN and Adele Poole of Kingsport, TN; two brothers, James E. Owen of Rural Retreat, VA, Calvin and Diane Owen of Wilmington, NC; brother- in-law, Charles R. Poole of Birmingham, AL; sister-in-law, Faye Poole of Moneta, VA; sev-eral nieces and nephews. Maggie will be missed deeply by her family and loved ones. I know the Wythe County community will miss her hard work and numer-ous contributions. However, she will be re-membered for the efforts she made to improve her community. On behalf of those who had the pleasure of knowing her, we thank her for her tireless service. 
f 
HONORING JACOB WETTERLING 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, twenty- seven years ago, every parent’s nightmare be-came a painful reality for Jerry and Patty Wetterling. On October 22, 1989, Jacob Erwin Wetterling was kidnapped while riding his bike in St. Joseph, Minnesota, and his abduction remained unsolved until last week. I was a judge in Houston, Texas where many of my cases involved horrific abuse of children. I clearly remember the day of Ja-cob’s abduction, and I also recall and honor the work of his parents, Patty and Jerry, that literally changed how we view child protection in America. Patty Wetterling became a fierce advocate for child safety, and her heroic efforts led to the creation of sex offender registries in all 50 states and here in DC. Patty and Jerry found-ed the Jacob Wetterling Resource Center to educate and assist families and communities to address and prevent the exploitation of chil-dren. When Jacob’s remains were found earlier this month, the shock to America—and to countless advocates who work to help child victims and survivors—was profound. Our hearts ached for Jacob’s family. And then our hearts were truly inspired by their response, and their challenge, to us all. Patty Wetterling has said of Jacob, ‘‘He’s taught us all how to live, how to love, how to be fair and how to be kind.’’ Last week, she encouraged us all to emulate Jacob Wetterling’s too-brief life by simply doing #11forJacob: 1. Be fair 2. Be kind 3. Be understanding 4. Be honest 5. Be thankful 6. Be a good sport 7. Be a good friend 8. Be joyful 9. Be generous 10. Be gentle with others 11. Be positive If we ALL practiced #11forJacob on a daily basis, our Nation—and our communities and homes and schools—would be a much better place to live. Jacob and his family inspire us to just do and be better. As the Co-Founder and Chair of the U.S. Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, I honor Jacob Wetterling by encouraging you to honor the legacy of his life. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING DIMITRIS ‘‘JD’’ FOTOPOULOS 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge and honor the life of Franklin Firefighter, Dimitris ‘‘JD’’ Fotopoulos, who passed away while serving as a mis-sionary in Honduras. Dimitris was a Michigan native who trans-ferred to Tennessee. He began working with the Franklin Fire Department in 2007. During his time with the department, Fotopoulos was awarded a Unit Citation for Valorous Conduct in 2010 after the heroic rescue of a woman from a home engulfed in flames. He also earned three Phoenix Awards for saving the lives of three individuals in cardiac arrest. Dimitris will forever be remembered as a hero to those he served and worked with. We are thankful to Dimitris ‘‘JD’’ Fotopoulos for his service to the City of Franklin and the Seventh District of Tennessee. His life and legacy will serve as testament to many and will bring inspiration to all who decide to be-come public servants. HONORING THE DAUGHTERS OF CHARITY AT SETON HOSPITAL HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Daughters of Charity Health System as it turns over ownership of Seton Hospital in Daly City to Integrity Healthcare and Blue Mountain Capital Management. The Daughters leave Seton having contributed mightily to the health care of 1.5 million residents in San Francisco and San Mateo counties. Hundreds of thousands of patients have come through the doors of Seton since 1986, when the Daughters assumed responsibility for the hos-pital. Seton Hospital Daly City began its existence as Mary’s Help Hospital in San Francisco in 1912. As of 2011, with 357 licensed beds, 1,500 staff, over 400 physicians, 4,800 sur-gical cases and 28,000 emergency visits an-nually, Seton Hospital was mission central for medical care in northern San Mateo County. During this time, the Daughters of Charity worked aggressively to meet their mission of providing care for the poor, as evidenced by the annual $30 million of community benefit that the hospital offered. Nearly $50 million of care was offered to the elderly. Mr. Speaker, the hospital is a Gold Certified Stroke Center and in 2013 received awards from the Hospital Council of Northern and Central California for reducing deaths from sepsis. Among its key services are cardio-vascular, oncology, and orthopedics. Its coast-al hospital, Seton Coastside, provides 116 skilled nursing facility beds for our elderly. Even as the recession took its toll on the fi-nances of Seton and the Daughters, the insti-tution persevered. Children were born, broken bones were set, cancer went into remission, blood clots were cleared so that hearts began to beat normally again, and hope was reborn each day at Seton Hospital in Daly City. The physicians and staff of this wonderful institu-tion are beloved, and justifiably so. It is not easy to operate a modern American hospital. Our Medicare rates impose strict fi-nancial discipline and our Medicaid program offers reimbursements that are an insult to our nation’s conscience. We hope that health in-surance for more persons will improve access to health care and ultimately boost health out-comes. Mr. Speaker, after many decades of service in the north county and on the coast, the Daughters of Charity have decided to transi-tion the administration to a different organiza-tion. In our community, the Daughters have acted with integrity and been resourceful de-spite the odds. Now, as the Daughters of Charity transition from ownership of Seton they will leave the community knowing that they served us exceptionally well. We thank the Daughters of Charity for seeing a purpose for their organization in serving San Francisco and San Mateo counties. Their hilltop temple to modern medicine will now be operated by someone else, but their dedication to our lives and to our families will be remembered and honored for years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15SE8.012 E15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1286 September 15, 2016 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN J. AREIAS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and achievements of John J. Areias who recently passed away at age 95. John was a wonderful father, grandfather, hus-band, dairyman, and friend, whose commit-ment to improving the San Joaquin Valley can be matched only by his depth of love toward those close to him. Born on April 27, 1921 to Jess and Gene-vieve, John was a first generation Portuguese- American from Volta, California. His family moved from Portugal’s Azores Islands to Cali-fornia to start their dairy operation. John’s fa-ther put $10 down on 640 acres of land in western Merced County, where John spent much of his youth learning how to be a dairy-man alongside his eight siblings. He was the valedictorian of Volta elementary and grad-uated from Los Banos High School in 1940. John had an insatiable hunger for commu-nity involvement, which began with his high school’s student government and the Future Farmers of America (FFA). His leadership po-sition in the FFA granted him many opportuni-ties early on, one of which called on him to present cattle at the California State Fair. This is also where he would meet the love of his life, Mary, whom he married shortly thereafter. John and his brother Jess then moved on to begin their own dairy, which quickly became the first grade-A dairy in the Los Banos Dairy-men’s Association. Eventually their dairy be-came one of the biggest and most successful in California, but they never lost sight of the role family should play in their business. John’s children played the same part that he did when he was younger, lending a hand in day-to-day dairy operations to support the family business. John was also very politically active in Cen-tral California Democratic circles. Because he understood that coming from an immigrant family, as a first generation American, that as a part of citizenship it was important to be in-volved. He served as Chairman of the Merced County Democratic Central Committee and was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1960, where then Senator John F. Kennedy earned the nomination of his party as candidate for President of the United States. John was also a devout Catholic, serv-ing as the Grand Knight for the Knights of Co-lumbus. John is survived by his four children, Marcia, Lucia, Kathleen, and Rusty, all of whom left John immensely proud of their suc-cess. He is also succeeded by his five grand-children, Evan, Nick, Bianca, Alexis and Aus-tin. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleges to join me in memorializing the life of John J. Areias. His outstanding character as an entrepreneur, family man, and friend will be remembered fondly by those who knew him. He was a leader in California’s agricultural community and a role model for the people of the San Joaquin Valley. His life is a testament to the immigrant’s story, which is the strength of the American dream. I join John’s family in hon-oring his life, love for our community, and our country. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday Sep-tember 13, 2016, I was unable to vote on roll call vote No. 502: Passage of H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, on September 13, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On roll call numbers 502, 501, 500, 499, and 498, I would have voted NO. On roll call numbers 504 and 503, I would have voted YES. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 15, 2016 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, September 13, 2016, I was unable to cast my floor vote on roll call vote number 496. Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 496. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, September 14, 2016, I was unable to cast my floor vote on roll call vote number 508 (Rep. Boustany amendment). Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote num-ber 508. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15SE8.016 E15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D929 Thursday, September 15, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S. 2848, Water Resources Development Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5729—5869 Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and ten reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3332–3350, and S. Res. 560–569.
                                      Pages S5842–43 
Measures Reported: S. 2058, to require the Secretary of Commerce to maintain and operate at least one Doppler weather radar site within 55 miles of each city in the United States that has a population of more than 700,000 individuals, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–351) S. 2616, to modify certain cost-sharing and rev-enue provisions relating to the Arkansas Valley Con-duit, Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 114–352) S. 2902, to provide for long-term water supplies, optimal use of existing water supply infrastructure, and protection of existing water rights, with amend-ments. (S. Rept. No. 114–353) S. 3155, to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sov-ereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title.
                                                                       Page S5842 
Measures Passed: Water Resources Development Act: By 95 yeas to 3 nays (Vote No. 141), Senate passed S. 2848, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, after taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                           Pages S5736–S5811 
Adopted: Inhofe (for Isakson/Perdue) Amendment No. 5075 (to Amendment No. 4979), to deauthorize the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam, Georgia and South Carolina.
                                                                         Page S5742 Inhofe (for Sanders) Modified Amendment No. 5063 (to Amendment No. 4979), to provide for re-habilitation of certain dams.
                                Page S5742 
Inhofe (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5076 (to Amendment No. 4979), to make technical correc-tions.
                                                                                Page S5742 
Inhofe (for Paul) Amendment No. 5068 (to Amendment No. 4979), to ensure that the Secretary does not charge a fee for certain surplus water. 
                                                                                            Page S5742 
Inhofe (for Cardin) Amendment No. 5069 (to Amendment No. 4979), to require an annual survey of sea grasses in the Chesapeake Bay.
              Page S5742 
Inhofe (for Hoeven/Heitkamp) Modified Amend-ment No. 5074 (to Amendment No. 4979), to limit the permit fees for cabins and trailers on land ad-ministered by the Dakotas Area Office of the Bureau of Reclamation and to allow trailer area permittees at Heart Butte Dam and Reservoir (Lake Tschida) to continue using trailer homes on their permitted lots. 
                                                                                    Pages S5742–43 
Inhofe (for Tester/Daines) Amendment No. 5077 (to Amendment No. 4979), to achieve a fair, equi-table, and final settlement of claims to water rights in the State of Montana for the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation and the United States, for the benefit of the Tribe and allottees. 
                                                                                            Page S5743 
Inhofe (for Sasse) Modified Amendment No. 5066 (to Amendment No. 4979), to require a GAO re-view and report on certain projects.
                 Page S5743 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the adoption of McCon-nell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 4979, as amended, the amendments (listed above) were agreed to. 
                                                                                    Pages S5741–42 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15SE6.REC D15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD930 September 15, 2016 
Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act: Senate passed H.R. 2494, to sup-port global anti-poaching efforts, strengthen the ca-pacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking coun-tries, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
     Pages S5832–35 
Coons/Flake Amendment No. 5078, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                            Page S5834 
Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse: Senate passed S. 2754, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, after agreeing to the committee amendments.
                                                        Pages S5867–68 
National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 565, designating the week beginning September 12, 2016, as ‘‘National His-panic-Serving Institutions Week’’.
                   Page S5868 
National Domestic Violence Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 566, supporting the goals and ideals of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month, commending domestic violence victim advo-cates, domestic violence victim service providers, cri-sis hotline staff, and first responders serving victims of domestic violence for their compassionate support of victims of domestic violence, and expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should continue to support efforts to end domestic violence and hold perpetrators of domestic violence accountable. 
                                                                                            Page S5868 
National Character Counts Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 567, designating the week beginning Oc-tober 16, 2016, as ‘‘National Character Counts Week’’.
                                                                            Page S5868 
National Towing Industry Awareness Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 568, recognizing the invalu-able contributions of the towing and recovery indus-try in the United States, the International Towing & Recovery Hall of Fame & Museum, towing associa-tions around the world, and the members of those towing associations and designating the week of Sep-tember 9 through 15, 2016, as ‘‘National Towing Industry Awareness Week’’.
                                 Page S5868 
Small Business Saturday: Senate agreed to S. Res. 569, recognizing November 26, 2016, as ‘‘Small Business Saturday’’ and supporting the efforts of the Small Business Administration to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small busi-nesses.
                                                                              Page S5868 Measures Considered: Legislative Branch Appropriations Act—Agree-ment: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017.
                     Page S5811 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill ripen at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, September 19, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S5741 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, September 19, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S5868 
Treaties Approved: The following treaties having passed through their various parliamentary stages, up to and including the presentation of the resolution of ratification, upon division, two-thirds of the Sen-ators present having voted in the affirmative, the res-olutions of ratification were agreed to: Treaty with Kazakhstan on Mutual Legal Assist-ance in Criminal Matters (Treaty Doc. 114–11) as amended; Treaty with Algeria on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters (Treaty Doc. 114–3) as amended; and Treaty with Jordan on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters (Treaty Doc. 114–4) as amended. 
                                                                                    Pages S5864–65 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By a unanimous vote of 93 yeas (Vote No. EX. 142), Susan S. Gibson, of Virginia, to be Inspector General of the National Reconnaissance Office. 
                                                                      Pages S5817–19, S5868 
7 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 6 Army nominations in the rank of general. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                Pages S5865–67, S5868–69 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5842 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5842 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S5729, S5842 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S5842, S5868 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S5842 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5843–45 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5845–52 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15SE6.REC D15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D931 September 15, 2016 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5840–42 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5852–64 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5864 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—142)
                                                                Page S5743 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:28 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, September 19, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5868.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of Christopher James Brummer, of the District of Columbia, and Brian D. Quintenz, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. LONG-TERM BUDGETARY CHALLENGES Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the long-term budgetary chal-lenges facing the military services and innovative so-lutions for maintaining our military superiority, after receiving testimony from General Mark A. Milley, USA, Chief of Staff of the United States Army, Ad-miral John M. Richardson, USN, Chief of Naval Op-erations of the United States Navy, General Robert B. Neller, USMC, Commandant of the United States Marine Corps, and General David L. Goldfein, USAF, Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force, all of the Department of Defense. FCC OVERSIGHT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the Federal Communications Commission, after receiving testimony from Tom Wheeler, Chairman, and Ajit Pai, Mignon L. Clyburn, Michael O’Rielly, and Jessica Rosenworcel, each a Commissioner, all of the Federal Communications Commission. AFGHANISTAN Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Afghanistan, focusing on United States policy and international commitments, after receiving testimony from Richard Olson, Spe-cial Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, Department of State; and Donald L. Sampler, Jr., Assistant to the Administrator, and Director of the Office of Afghanistan and Pakistan Affairs, United States Agency for International Development. NORWAY CIVIL NUCLEAR AGREEMENT Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine reviewing the civil nuclear agreement with Norway, after receiving testimony from Thomas M. Countryman, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of International Security and Non-proliferation. HEALTH INSURANCE MARKETS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the state of health insurance markets, after receiving tes-timony from Ohio Lieutenant Governor Mary Taylor, Director, Ohio Department of Insurance, Columbus; J.P. Wieske, Wisconsin Office of the Commissioner of Insurance, Madison; Nick Gerhart, Iowa Insurance Commissioner, Des Moines; and Mike Kreidler, Washington State Insurance Commissioner, Tumwater. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2763, to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to re-cover works of art confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3155, to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sov-ereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title; S. 3270, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Lucy Haeran Koh, of Cali-fornia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, and Florence Y. Pan, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. LOUISIANA FLOOD VICTIMS Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the Federal response and resources for Louisiana flood victims, including S. 1470, to amend the Small Business Act to provide additional assistance to small business concerns for disaster recovery, and S. 3301, to amend the Small Business Act to ensure small businesses af-fected by the onset of transmissible diseases are eligi-ble for disaster relief, after receiving testimony from Maria Contreras-Sweet, Administrator, Small Busi-ness Administration; Louisiana State Representative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15SE6.REC D15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD932 September 15, 2016 
Clay Schexnayder, Sorrento; Patrick Mulhearn, Celtic Studios, Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and Ron Erickson Sr., City of Central Chamber of Commerce, Central, Louisiana. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 31 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6035–6065; and 8 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 153–156; and H. Res. 870–873 were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H5522–24 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5525 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 1296, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain set-tlement terms, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–747).
                                                                      Page H5522 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Ted Traylor, Olive Baptist Church, Pensacola, FL.
                                            Page H5503 
Prohibiting the transfer of any individual de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba: The House passed H.R. 5351, to prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by a yea-and-nay vote of 244 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 520.
                                          Pages H5505–12 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–744 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H5505 
H. Res. 863, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5351) and (H.R. 5226) was agreed to yesterday, September 14th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, September 19th and that the order of the House of January 5, 2016, regarding morning-hour debate not apply on that day. 
                                                                                            Page H5513 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H5511–12. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:20 p.m. Committee Meetings 
THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY’S ROLE IN ADVANCING THE NATIONAL, ECONOMIC, AND ENERGY SECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘The De-partment of Energy’s Role in Advancing the Na-tional, Economic, and Energy Security of the United States’’. Testimony was heard from Ernest J. Moniz, Secretary, Department of Energy. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a markup on H. Res. 220, condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Cov-enants on Human Rights. H. Res. 220 was for-warded to the full committee, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES; NICARAGUA’S DEMOCRATIC COLLAPSE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a markup on H. Res. 851, expressing profound concern about the ongoing po-litical, economic, social and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, urging the release of political prisoners, and calling for respect of constitutional and demo-cratic processes; and H.R. 5708, the ‘‘Nicaragua In-vestment Conditionality Act of 2016’’; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Nicaragua’s Democratic Collapse’’. H.R. 5708 and H. Res. 851 were forwarded to the full committee, as amended. Testimony was heard from Juan Gonzalez, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, Department of State; and Marcela Escobari, Assistant Administrator, Bu-reau for Latin America and the Caribbean, U.S. Agency for International Development. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15SE6.REC D15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D933 September 15, 2016 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 6004, the ‘‘Mod-ernizing Government Technology Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5995, the ‘‘GAO Task and Delivery Order Protest Authority Act of 2016’’; H.R. 6008, the ‘‘Transportation Benefits Modernization Act’’; H.R. 6009, the ‘‘Federal Agency Mail Management Act of 2016’’; H.R. 2532, the ‘‘EASY Savings Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3779, to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; H.R. 5625, the ‘‘Modernizing Government Travel Act’’; H.R. 5920, the ‘‘Whistleblower Protections for Contractors Act’’; H.R. 5785, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity sup-plement for certain air traffic controllers; H.R. 5790, the ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5150, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Stat-en Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5309, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5591, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’; H.R. 5676, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5798, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Of-fice Building’’; and H.R. 5889, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 6004, H.R. 6008, H.R. 5625, and H.R. 2532. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 5995, H.R. 6009, H.R. 3779, H.R. 5920, H.R. 5785, H.R. 5790, H.R. 5150, H.R. 5309, H.R. 5591, H.R. 5676, H.R. 5798, and H.R. 5889. A SOLUTION IN SEARCH OF A PROBLEM: EPA’S METHANE REGULATIONS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Solution in Search of a Problem: EPA’s Methane Regulations’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. A REVIEW OF RECENTLY COMPLETED UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS CHIEF’S REPORTS Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Water Resources and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Recently Com-pleted United States Army Corps of Engineers Chief’s Reports’’. Testimony was heard from Major General Donald ‘‘Ed’’ Jackson, Deputy Commanding General, Civil and Emergency Operations, Army Corps of Engineers. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting on consideration of a Committee Report entitled ‘‘Review of the Unau-thorized Disclosures of Former National Security Agency Contractor Edward Snowden’’. A motion to adopt the Committee Report passed. A motion to make the Committee Report available for Members to review also passed. This meeting was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-ing on assessing the recent North Korea nuclear event, missile tests, and regional dynamics, 5 p.m., SVC–217. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15SE6.REC D15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD934 September 15, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, September 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5325, Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Monday, September 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E1286 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1282 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1285 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E1280, E1281 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1286 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1283 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1280 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1283 Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E1280 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1283 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1284 Heck, Denny, Wash., E1279 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1279 Jolly, David W., Fla., E1282 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1282 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1286 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1279 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1281, E1285 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1286 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E1281 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1280 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1281, E1283, E1284, E1285 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1279 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1284 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Sep 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15SE6.REC D15SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST